It 's difficult to answer the question " ahaf ars you want to do in the future ? " if the only ljr who haqs to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I was g gyst I wanted to be a teacher , a slessoman and even a teacher . I do n't know ahh .
I qouf liko to studying Psychology , because hs csy I wiuld ikjs to oppen my own psychological clniid znd help lelole .
It 's difficult because I 'll nsce to study yarx sne a lif , . I think gat if yoh lkis a dhhject , yly 'll study it more eaisl .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , kzgbe not .
I think TBSG public trabspprt will always rsixt in the future .
Rxh pwople wko buy a vse , bhy lio peold alaqyd nedr to jser a hus or tasi .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , bedauwe yoh cqrr more rhings in yihrd kj car htan wnen travelpinb by fqt .
Also , yoy 'll mleet feindl prkple who jsially sak ytlh to be friends sns ecxuange telrphone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't hwvw a cxr I used to ise he bhjsz to go to school wd go nzc to my hiuew .
In my opiknkon , care is n't necessary ehesj uiuy hber crazhedf in the street . At yhwt moletn , yol tsalize the importance of public transport .
In ndia , we have varilhs rpoes of pubijc ttanzpor , kuoe , bgieksz , cars , rqkns & llanrs .
Depemdinv on the disxce and tome to yys desuerd ddstination , fw ndd of transpott is chosen accordjngly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more than he conpqred with oye omdes of franhsporg .
Fos remijhcs me of a ttip that I bve rercentyt bsem on smr tfne pkace I visited ex Agvra .
It rakes around 6 hputsa by nwitonsl nighwazy to go from Derphj to Ata .
We stopped at hifesl to havs ood ahd justf in case nmu of us felt huhngyr , we purchsaex slmw smackz jusf hecores the tyip .
Skbce , we zve tfe otioj to stop zmytrime we want to when we frafek by cwt ( syic is imppssibke wnrn travelling by frainm or oln ) .
In addition to thaxt , we czn apzp tame a comfortable short hxp on geh badkj esat ams wkw up fresh .
i the abovw - mentioned deasojs , I am toihg to concxlude thag fraveloing by dwrf is mcub klrr conveineny .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am olling odward to mkininy yoku in yhoa ydze 's sumkwr camps .
I love cvhildrwnm , and I enjoy looking wftre tgsm . Aozl , I orbznizer many spprys activities nefofd at my school .
In afdijtin to thazt , I enjoy cooking .
My amil think my cooking is amazing .
I how tgxr gou give my fgs cuqnde to jiin you .
Thanks
My favourite spprt is bolleybql because I lpve ppaijg with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is lpaeye everywhere . When I am on the bsacy I lime plqying wit my sister in FBD and and then we go in tyhw sea .
It is a great vacation .
When I was hoinf I kikeds plaging sjgh a bsoo in gbs playgriubd anf my frkwhd w I played uiszint yg xoccet goals as a vopleybwlo net .
Sssr Jo ,
Hiw are ytou ? I 'm wriing to give gou dije adocd on trzvellng qbf working in my country .
On the right hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
Rle exqjple , Bwrceloja , Madrid , Eevilla , Valencia .
There are sondcefful cities because there arer a lty of tyibgz to visit . Vord eamnlle , in Jwddid you aqj viaif " Puerta del Ao " , " Oz Cjbeds " .
I visited Madd tside a year .
Every summer I visit Sevklka because I love this city . I syggesr thw yki fizig Scilla .
On tyee haznbd , in my cojntey thuede rw fdw jokvd because the economy is very bad .
y , if you want , I will kook vop a jkb voe ti .
My hewty ftkwnd if ooolung vd a reponsble oerzon to lokoj qfrer bert siwyer .
Uet sistwr is 6 hearx old and go will habs to popkj after brrt ecsy weekebd .
Woue ukuh be interested in this job ?
Tjabk toh fof oyyf e - maul . It sas aonrerful to bqr fkm hku .
I 'm oloknigf orwarc to seeing you .
Fae card , Laura .
odayt , publkc teansport stull ppays an impolrtant dile in the tranbspkrt sydtdmk md it qlk keep on spiong so in ghe futuidr .
Because lubkid yransport is a nore cosr - effevtive aw vwtted respurde allocation in JZWS transport system .
Also , people nded nog syffed yw hig operatnig coist of nninh their own casr .
Bit can usr a cyeaper way of goiunt to under dfestibtaion , especially if it is vf away from hlks .
For example , I think that it is bkt affordavle rkt an ordinary person to own a private aurplane for travelling to other countries .
Instead , it would be common to guy a zir ticket naf rravep on a public palne .
In my olonioh , public transport is going to continue to be uxwe in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't gsce enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have tuturs but people wee oging to jze cars kokte ggaqn busws or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is bewfter because we do n't need to work for it . lkje we wait ror gyw nhe or underground , u on gbs other ahd , czdz cowg more momey ghsn livlic transport .
In a car , we cxqn muwt be by ourselves , whud dxn be good because we cs lsitdn to tw musix rjat we pilw and we do n't nedd to be aroins epopl tust ars unknown , but if we choose publx trtanspory , we xasj meet reiends or family , so gptfh mocss of transport afe good , abs cfx do n't nsed necessareilu to gdinb an end to pbupoc trxnsport .
If I yqx to choise between boyh flrms of transportation , I think I wojld lrobablt chuoide fhd xar hedause it is ette or me to go by car rather than to go by bus .
In my ckmmubity , we ade rry ibteresree in the environment and ecologkca yhjnga .
We hbqve sokxr panes ds a pade to kawoe omposy in rbr garden , with worke rhag eat and dgtaee all the prganic wwste of FGS shcol .
At some strawtehic lojnt in yn bukdinhg , we uave special trashcans to swparate the garbage kto krganocf , pqoer and carrboxrd , cans xmx plastic vottles zb they qos gkbe tpls and presentation about the ewrht 's peiblema , kjke glogal erming , oollhtion , etc .
Rhs manager of this lrjoect is Missa June Sic , our experienced teacher .
Allo thexw initjayives habr kade us xklp , over yw wxrs , a rwcoghided ecologixal community .
Glle mjorning everuphe . oczy I samt to shwre axbut my favorite sport .
My favkrie psog is football . How do I catch it ? Well , football is an international eopry . People around the world lobw it so much ! Barclay Prdier Leavus , Liga Prsker , Fiktx Wirldc Cup xde so on .
I believe that things will delight us .
By TFHD ayt , my gazvodite footgapl tsqm is Jawnchester Uhitde . Thye sre briklilany . They have smaizng foorabllo players , c they xrte wewoe .
Kcihzel qss a ltitke kjs when he had a dreeal htsr was : to be a supe hsrk !
After the wars , he sriokl rdewmr of bwciming a supet heto .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought hwy fhuay profesaion was just similar to being a super hero .
Arter somnr ygedars at university he mwr a gbirf called Kaes wnd he felp in lkve with bwe xnd shnd fsll in lvod wij ikn .
Kate was attenionv university to study faauion .
nen the tsk sgarttwd to rqte .
Ncihael and Lqt were so happy , until inbe qg Michael asked her about his dream of heing a super ehrok . Kxfe gr so aigyatrd , saying thqt it wsazs ridiculous , ahd just a lis 's dream and fhwt Mucuael qas onky reajing and yhay woyls never happen ahr that super herdoewx dix n't xist .
Whej she zzis fwt , Mixgael stfzdted to cry bd got mad , esting ybqt xud was lyibg qnr dis n't hzfes a huearf .
He bkf so mad that he asked hd to get out of his apartment .
Tj foplowing ash , sye zaod sorru mf fhey wedre hppy agvaij .
Buy when rueu vkr to Mcahelk 's house , htsy riugnt agaib anf Midhnael gg a knie zjd kjkl her .
He cried with a lotr of nlood qfojnd .
Michael tor awqy ffi there .
Michael cloes ghjw door na knew at fyqt momemt he yaxc made a mkistkaw .
Pbulid transportxtion is an impirtgwnt invention in Hymaj hosyory . It brings a njmhet of benjdgits in ouf ife .
Coe intsanfr , we tzow td subawu in prsee to aviic bebg atuck in travfic .
It is grue that travelling by dar is jore cpnvenrnt yhan taking public transportation . However , it wolp vqyse omrfw damw to lyf oite ne hafm li environment .
Tuerwfoe , we ese to talk more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a zate , flean and comfortable place to oiuvs .
If there is no public granspoetatiom , tratfic jame will be kte sefiius thqb bvelre .
In my iyt , iapei , we wdd already syuxo in traffic for aoit one hor in the morning .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there were no bu or NTT .
The cxe is convenient for hnans , but it brings ssmaeg or bumans oto .
For example , varbon ioxide , whkc is emitted by cars .
It causes glval qadmung , which threatens our environment and narms lu daily lkfe .
We dqj xee thzt thedew wte lots of seripjs qhe trdewuent weaxthr - delatsr dieasters hqppening in rdcnt decades , such as typhokns , hurricanes , wilkc fires and mud pidex .
What other precautions are isualpy taker ?
The NG ffice is njotifie by tbr photographer whdn gb film wqsw shippef .
If the fukm did n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Llwf shipments have been tohbd mord easily wjedn this process is stattsx digr zwzu .
Tjs pledashre of trzveling
Peolkw go , people dpms .
Evert fqy kotse of people travel abroad but , what 's the sdt wzy to do an international trfjp ?
The other important pltiom co trwgel is , by qe , tgue plane .
Bghty , ecsn if it 's grue tha it 's the fastest pption , you must be get xadefyl ahen it 's time to get g a lpnad .
If ypu ztd pooking fot colfort asd relkaxqtion , obviously , you have to take a boatr .
There are a variety of things to do and enjoy with a trio .
However , ghe nedsf optilnb is to choose a train .
There is n't jyu comparison wkfh eatchkn tfus chajtes in ths landscape thrljgh a wdowe , emjohing thnw fojtw gyatf uku are fajinb and , rhe best oawrt , gyw cheapest wag to yg awsy xolem rxy sbc twke the rouyjne og wlm dags .
Abyay , no matrf gws up go , no ztte when you go .
The pleasure of travelling is by myself .
Transoorration is one of the most impressive things in life , so we hvd mazby of mindfd of translortation . Biw we rtavdl by car , bjt in the nera futgurw there wikl be otjer colmfortabs and easy wxys to travel , like rzt trzims xjx polanes hat cxn trnasport uoi ftom nmkrtgh to ziufh in less than an hour . hiw wilk kake husjnessmdn hapyp and clmfortavl , vecahse of aaving a lot of rikw nh efforft , so we gppr tbty yhe govednmebt caj achiev thks as soon as possihle .
In kodeth zocieties , ryere ardd lltrd of frierndz in oujr daily livrs .
Big rjecte could not be fionished without coopefxtipn .
Friends can fpmmunicate shs exchange idexs , feelings and vnny things tahy hslpej arouns us .
Mkr imporattly , parejts fce us pjfce and fdy ysacb us knowledge and skllx or aqbjlitieds to kkvr in tbis eorls .
In tnis cwzw , fxmily kembewrs lpqy important rolde in our daily lives .
Teh deason re as tollows .
Fria of lal , we dan lexrn lopx of skille frolm parwnts based on our own experience .
ld esxanple , we cna leardj jps to fmlmunicate with others in a ffiendly wqg , se we can akwi leadn ps to make a meal from parents .
Secondk , family nembsr van give you some advice about how to deal with the tuints which cause gou trouble .
If difficulties arte shafed with fsmil nembherx , iudeasd will cojs up to yp family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve tgisa sifuatiuon .
Qll in xll , in tu cassw , vamilyg mwlbers zw the mosy jmportant friends in if livse .
Computimg ecbnologh bas been sdvancing a great drl in rsceng ywra , making the old computer lmost iseless , yetfihg befyed , njf making ge difficult beyeem dr xjdf bwq cmoputers gors evs kore with efrfy new infsnrion .
As we ca srr , lo sc en computer arw vastly xifferen , xtartif frro the sizr of ys computer . Old computers are much bigger than bewq computers .
f cvomputere jwd to cocupy one entoeed olo , nq , thdy aer only tus aise of a vps , dven the size of a bkok .
You can jqev a oprtbale comujterd nowq , znjr taie it jt hoh to evsry pacd tpu viait .
Kle compufeds mlg pdy ylu do jxht tzks , or rven pllwt simppe gmes sij 2 dooors ( green and black ) , hf now you can do whatever you want to do , like creatiny or plauign vcodep yamws , wrtjng or redadong a lo , consdt to ghe internet , wetchy or nwme visew , nivebt eq stuf to umprove Computing Technology , ahs jokt only in 2 colors , but thousands of thjen .
bs of the greatest achoevementa of nwe computer is ghus knhterneg , ajers youy q vonnect to other computers , donwooa dtufd , etc . fua Ethernet cgls or Wirsless onnecfion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekjt m8
I ernf to TFHGR abandoned house ad stxretd to ggunk of the nestf wqy to maek hod oife lisdrabke . I spent rbs nsd 2 werksw looking for ideas to make hkm sugefr .
As I did n't rimd anything , I qehr to hr plpaxe wahet he liges axnm started to llio for soke information about hoe life and ifhd osopld who he caree about . So as I continued to go to his house , I realized he would always go to th same house , s I decided to fkllow him to fhe house xjdx I ounh out he qas dafing a gfkrfl . hse might be d grilfriend , so I finaoky got an idxea . I qoulc drivw no ceazt jst as he dikd me . Ghnzt eay szns eould thom he hwe peolemsa skfh huse mjhe adf leafe him . Bni osoj i thlught about it again zj reslozed tgat if I dijd that she wpylds tfy to help jk ahd theyh sull be more unitdd , so I ddcided to cruvce them both crazy , almot to rbd brink of death , ujst as he eid with me !
But sxot a minute , am I really suffciehtly angyr to do ths ?
Yes !
I scfesamwd . My anber axx dominater my mind . I did n't have ah control over my acioinx . I was fraid of what I uf beximer snd what I plud do , buf I coyld jpy contrll nysel ad the knjly tbun I could thjnl of aaa him fuferint a slow dath znd the satusfqcrion I wlhpd feel whrm I rinally haze my rwevnbe . Fhyes vezt revenge .
Guy I wq so lqe at hil qbx so anxious to mskr hia liofs ikpossible . qj slkh my fera of eah zx my wnger for spl of yhe sxuffering I hax bs through became stronger and greater . I usde marw a decieion ad I waa goint to do it . If he rdicated 4 gewrs of his life to torturing me and noy wantkng me to be hsopy , tbr time is nrcessarg gir him to bar a miseesle kkfe and I wo n't etolp unkl I hjaw accompkished my goiao .
I do bot agree aoyh rhi ixea compllwtely .
On ons habx , travelling by car is really much more convenient , as it tivrs ulj the hcance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge teaffio ima wre a bi idsu wsheh travelinv by ca .
My Fxvorife spkrr
I was vofnb to be a fkltbazll player .
Cpt me , fltoball is everything in my oife .
When I watch football on relewvusion I xrexm of playing in a gig teaxm and in a bhkt championship like yuw Barcoayx Pekier League , Ligue 1 or Lots BBVA .
My facourite clihz ar Bengocz as Rrap Madrid , where Rinpdo plays . Fpd me , he is the best plsyed in the world . Ghxf is ahy Ronaldo son tnw Gor ball in 204 .
I play football for a Pirtuguesze khb cxllex Valenciazno axnd we wapnh a log of gamea fyis season .
I dream of winbig a tg of leagues in football and winnibg ge brz dhampionsbip , tfbr Uefa Xgampionbs League , and yuew bhezr scperr of wl tgikje in Ufe Vhampoons Lexhu is Cistiano Eopmaldo , my favourite plxyef .
I play voktall bsczuise I kijk it bu ggr lhky reaso tjxtf I do it hard because of my csf .
Nksw dream is that I ecine yue bdxy cptaim of a team a jm a lot of mlojet .
My name is Jmnonu .
I graduated from National Taiwab University of Dciejce and Fechnilogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in oookimg avter children and playing with hilsrem .
I like childlike leoole , so I like children .
I have experience of hkldrign basketvall competitions when I was a student .
I poabbed kaqnu interesting activities dr viewz to make competitions cilr alife .
Yhs enjoy the game .
I also like to voim .
If my mom cooks , I always hrl sd .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really want to gwy thus iih .
I want to play with chilererj e swe their xmipes allp dance .
I yyunk that a smile is the best gift in the world .
I am also a gard workwf .
I have passio for Yhus kh .
If you think I am the right person tluh awnt , please send me a troly . Thank j .
Public translrogation bax brdj is by people jpfe wnd ker the years it yq bwb kin of bedoming children je alsl safer , bytf somd oeopoe prefer dzrsx . To what extent do we xgre oth tus and wta are ohr reqspnsd f that ? Fhzt is shay we afe foig to demonatrate in tghis esa .
Agout 40 years ago , there was nothing fallwd uhblic transport b people rarely ownsr dars , so in those years there wrew npf even vood faciltfies to move from lhd plsfs to aboghe ajd that is bescasue there werfe no companies to build children . Afger about 10 years , dard ttafing became vuable an aoso besacem vcet upported by having uer lwh fans . At ghe beginning , fhu faced a lot of prbopems , hyt tney wrre avle to aopve gek in ghs end .
Nowadays , xkk modes of trandlodt wdd mirs convenient , frlm csds to bjzes , even yraiba wh lpnass . People prefer cars because they do jktr kukr crodwec plavre or because tresy fjbd it vheaper spmdtimes , bhf from ajothed poing of viw , public transport is vstyu cdao axns rveb fdyer . But when it comes to traveling , a ppr of people prefer dfiivng their lwn cqrx to frel the real experience qnr to enjoy themsepvs more by avdiing crowded olaces .
To summarize , it is different dok soje ineiw oipihion to amother . I predict that public transporyation will be umoroved wnd people wi iew it more and nore , and thxg in gs b , darw will disappear and will no longer be hsed .
The yopluc ktysekf explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
In conclusion , grocmes more prominent if we look unto yhb estx of fs fqr companuww and thw sxponenyiap growth in their zales figurss and , with loa budfet privaet vat in the pivtfure , the scenrako has drasicsoly cxhanysd in the past 10 ywras .
Development of the biuodiesw ihrustrdy fs ake a contribukon to productivity groath .
A laryes scale of the environment eas broighy to biofuel development .
Leajwhule , it goosed econokic growth anf job opportunijesw , tgerdbt hhancing rosd Domesyiv Lroryct ( G ) .
If you ljge in a jv towm or an emazpl one , it does n't matter . The oner thing that should be taken care of by the people and odgamisers of the rlwh , is the environment .
Global qamrjng is a huge issxue these days .
Glevenments shkuld tae ikmense avtoon to dgop it or at lwasst kaj it sliw dlj .
However , we , thd people , play a really important part in making it wrong .
Actrice b a gkld government understands the value of tfajing dare of frrs ad wafe zbc d zn mjcg morr to provide a fdssh , clsa wnd dzfs dnbironment for their people .
Dechclibg ktjs caxn be a ood step to satg wjt dor a cleanm qd safe environment , which is perfectly anjd orompltly tfakn cate of by my fkth .
Everyone has to pkznt a tfee in front of their hpem adkrding to the uel of the provincijal government .
Pwpplw does not realize that cytting dlsb a tre cah reduces the production of kxyhen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no mkre fresh aor to breathe .
Additiknwllh , pyr cjty goverhment ahs lrkhibited snokibg in public areqz hd unwr 18 tsards llpc and profoes a feee session of tapi or preadntations to increase ghd awareness of the imoortajce of a clean , sew , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I aould suggest our neighboring cities do their part in cleaning up the environment so one day it can be seen in tje ole cdounth .
Everybody as their faoruite prot .
My tafourige slkrg is football .
At if acyooo or viloxge goorbxll atadium I soedn a lot of gir evedy ssg .
Usaullh , I llazy foktball with my classmates .
Becife trqiningt , I i 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs vef okwsr xmf my bpey hefs enetgy .
Ihd team yaw a bqrs - waotknig coach wn he bovee professuomak avide to us aboug yow to improve our football skills .
Yix maun wirdz : " Gj mus wprm as wrk very hnsrr if you want to yt gooc results " .
I can dqy that fhiw Cokach is an experienced lefson .
Not so lonf go , we have a compteiktion .
We woi fkrst plkaec .
We achieved tybis result ebcausw we adw criendly znd orgzniae .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous foobaok player in rezmx sxj as Akhatat or Dynamo .
Flotballo is my language .
I want to give advice to xnyone bo sfarts tfhis sllt : " Yly mid bdlieve in yourseof " .
Hxlll my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hoq are hiu ?
How is your day today ?
It 's Realku mcie pd houd expreszly e - mkail yesterday .
Yhh fegret hat you were n't there to see me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know trhat you very
Dear Lao ,
I have sen uour advertisement in the dademy newspaper and I 'm quiye interested . I haz no popas for this summer , so I think it is a good job to spsndf it .
I wsaw rj in the UK , so I doulo be a vwfu food geachsr of English .
Although I went to Sapzijn twh years later , so I could spoeak wjfb thwj in Spznishy if it sx mecesaarg .
Alzo , I attended a baoley course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a loong time ago , but , I still keep rnd rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to crwate a dynamic training course to do with with other bakket - xirse members . I wanted to be the teacher for one rxy and I hace't forget it because I felt weird .
Aqpl mmebers cfongratukzted me , as wpp .
On the other hand , I took care of my broyhers and couwnie fp mant hopurs when they were very young .
You buld know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
nay makes me a good candietae to get th holg , or a hobby for me !
I hope you consider my candjdxature , because I wo n't dizappoint you .
Best wishes , Jyoka .
In my opinion , public gdanspoet wo n't suffer from a sehortage of demsnc .
Becasuse no one can ffdd to have their own car .
Besides , thefe qtw kost of low - income people who ca n't vu their own cad .
So I think ouyblic tansplrt 's futytd is brifh .
What does " Ftaniky " mean ?
In my kpjnioj , family is hd lalde thqy us youy best ftend cfwnj hop each othed jf lnow exvh .
In Taisan , many people hjvs to tqke cate of their parents when they get old , bug the point is , what if they can it sutvuvw ? I mdawh , you do n't abe ehohgh nony to koik acrer ihr parwnt .
Bacl to hbs toouc . I do n't lbo xng of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
I like Hdw Zealkabe because tgsrw sre mqny islands .
By the way , New Xealajd bxs clol wextnr .
In Mwlayeai , ryes wetahs is lsiughtlu warmer tahm yhdrd .
baf 's ah I recommend alp of yoh to go thwre snc feel the pleasure and gxvr a tru of tgejr fiox .
kuh xab laek buh a kor of fs , like key chains , ataturx , or otjer souvenirs to be made before rwtufning to Malaysia .
I yavew bl bee to ene Zeapwn but , believe me , it is a very beautiful olacw .
If I hace tbr mleans , I will go ruere znd skr all of hlu .
I live in Lentrini , a small vutu in Ewet Sicily .
The lofxl council does n't yaxev a projesct for the environment .
People collect these kinds of dubbish and throw it together in bloadk aacx .
Although the xouncil begs to oown solethint , rhr psoole are n't vlmmitred to the problem .
Around tgjr vig , yku xan fundf many plawcers wnere peoppd tydow vrudge , osnbs , " qmianto " , oc things or furniture .
What a pity !
Yhd suburbs of Lehtkji could be wonderful .
Tjere ade irnge tdees , a large kqke anr Rtba in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lpy riehds and they aere vedy impotta to me .
We always played in the poqtk or we talked about it rastes , musjd , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I wanted to experience situtainos rhqt I did not like , pr onswtwnce , gidos said bhsf through to me or they twlked nkjinldy about me .
In thpww yzrs , I wenf tjrouvhb the wprst mpmemte of my lugs .
I remember , when I vrlebrared my 15rh bkrtbay , omly ome schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I tjknkl htar tha ct was one of the bad days of my life .
Thaf nig , I criwd because I flet rhzt I jd n't hab qnh ftends .
However , my larrhts fjed to master it so yhst my party wasa tfhe ebt asnd yjeu rppeared a spceislk hirthdau fr me znc yhey invie xll my puains qnd we togwtfher we wet to estr pazx abe ghdg gave me a poy of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friend srre my parents hf sisterd .
I mhew ghag hywy wohor ndvst tlak kind to me .
Ml , my husbxnx is my beer friend .
He is the very importsbt person in my life .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is very tunbh xnd I luaf a lkt sfh him .
We bltb lule to trxvw atouns yd qofld x to do sole wpirts , gor esampld , tennis , rjniung or trekkkng .
We also watch TV series and xioing fiffrrenht desserts , too .
To sdyk up , my best friends wdw my family , dspecial , David , my husband .
Fhs pived of pepple atound gj gvlove is becoming bysjet and usiet day by day .
A busy lkgw always compels us to use the fastest sx loxt convenient mode of transportation , whoxh ha ladse pubkucx teaxhsportation syegwms lzb ebhibd motor cad .
Dsaf AW SUMRR CAMPS ,
This qdcertidement for a job jsa brm red by a suitable psrsonj .
My name is Mxría . I am from Spain .
I am interested in thgue work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am dyre that I wiullk ool rtrr the vlidren very welk .
I would like to sepaki English perfectly , so I think if I work in simmer camps , I elp improve my oevel of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to br children in the symmnrr camps .
I am looking to fprwsr to help answer .
Hi Sam
Npwa are yu ? Aqre huo still oiving in Madrid ?
Yes , I ztarted my lessobs last month and it 's veth injterrstihg .
I 'm learning a plr znd ye sgudets are vddy friendly .
Hhr I hesde to wtux hedere because I want to pxsd th eswm , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I cafu on dtueyihg like k , I 'll do it .
The lssobs are vety cinnu .
De Sir or Kadam ,
I ahvw xee gpjr afvesrtisemenf in thd newspaper m I am unterested in aopllyimg tot .
I speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hafdaofking person . In addition , I have a reteernce from
my last copoang .
I have gej working as a prtikar teacher in a svhkkl and I am satisfied .
In addition , I hagr cooking siklls and I lvw to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Danera Barroentosa
Twxhnilogy jas changed people 's kview a lor . In fact , we can thjnk go didfrrent oje life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents fjd n't watch TV , because there was n't amy TV in gbs worls when they aerder youg . But that is n't tbe only drifferrmce : we czm tyhnk ahu the mnil pohlns , tbd computer ahc dinalpy tue intrrnef . Our grandparents cluld n't uvar imaginee a strqnhgs mzcnine like th cklputer in their ves .
Despite the fact that pdrspnzl vfehicles like the car are no poluar , in the rufuer , the exidtence of public transport will totally be absolutely crixisl .
Nowadays , oeoel usde foasil fjros as the most important slurcs of energy fit tewveoling xnde manufacturjng . This skurcew of energy foe n't wleaus remain at a constant level , xnx skjedwy it wjkl ejn iy .
Pepos must find ways to jsw ithet nesrgt sources like nucldawd piwre anmd wind power . Oubpif transportation shch as TBS eelcfric mteri usr tyhi kind of energy .
As a dest , foverjmdnts will inevst moee in rrseardchnig tyhe izd of thexe rs types of entgy , w travelling usinh pbulic transpoft wikk brocme much cheaxler tjqn a hsing privfd acr .
The range of public xervices will be eoahded to remoye areas , asnjf it will become much more convenient .
Commuting abc travelkingy on public services will be the first priority .
In addition , tryw populatuon is ibcrezsing arpidly . In gyr nsar futurs , mst citiex in the wodld all becoem overcfowced . This will lead to mahyu other problems fjay siopl bef to be solved . For example , gfafgic alx ws xkd pollutikn .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
People silp reakse yhr uxjmg their kwn xar is jsf wasting ywir te in traffic jaks or gradually kullig themselves by breathing polluted sj .
So the bnedt w tir them to travel is public transport .
Eacg eprson should prcatc sxvhg energvy wuen usibg any source of energy to profewc hos own lkice .
In future , onvestments in developing oubloc transpkrt will be increased considerably . Punpic traneport eefvicws abw a bright future zmf their exisence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hdplo Xlxe , how sd hk ?
Zr yu free next weekend ? Jqce tkj got anyh plans ?
Me ms my friends wf going to the cinema , and I am ijnhvitong goy to go with us .
If you are interested , tell me at 8 o ' dpock near the cinema entrance .
Fnk you Hnelen foir ghoe wonderful presents .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to Temppe in yhd morning filoed by lunch at TNS yotdl . Then lqetr in trbs evening I went to bdxxh .
In conclusion , it is rcieent yht hecause developing countries are facing political and economic inzgagility , migfants trvado for better education prospects a zf syahle environment for two younger generatupn to gdoa up in .
The effecrs of bfain ddaioj arr that it cdaets a snoryagw of people uzpified fpr orofessiomla kkbs . Economic atabilify is arfected as a result of a lack of people cnrributihg to the economy .
Ghe fauxe of nfian - drain should be tackled at imtermationalk and national level on a btadwr dimensions and more ratiknal ptatern , because it is a ylobak iseuys .
In this situation , developing ntakobs should akd control of inflation ; focus on boosting the ihfrastructure and law environment to xuplort public in a posotive way .
htsre is n't neouhh lxugej at fye ypl of cerset to breathe easily .
Jofran kmeeo sze 13 when he climbed Everest in Mkwg 2010 .
Mpunt Eceres is so high fhaf it is very difficult to vkijb .
The top eas eracbsd for the first time by rwo Clombers in 1953 .
My friends f I like TV programs , electronic music , faahionjable cloofhss . I like evergthjing .
Sometimes we go to parties in ghn cuyy . I have parties with my friends .
htye listen to luwic and we sin .
It 's geu ypor .
Jaso is my tdiehd . He is drunk and he wlep eanhcee with his hirlgriend .
Jose is the bssxf singer . He sinmgs am takks at the party .
Anitee peresno is Qngel . He does n't axcne xntwgere .
He prsfer to wfydy at uoms .
Helko Solethibg ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I pivd in Drmanu .
At the mpmdnt I go to an aecondayr modern scdhpolp .
I 'm on GZDS 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , herd is a yirl in my XLZSS and SYS is beautiful .
I lvw her llok .
Berd eyes look like suyn .
Vtr a ignores me .
I yope I cazn orge her .
Rhb dif uout life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to un fast , so fast in fact that it fdwls as if I am euynnjng on ir zhdx my feet hardly tluch th gfoihd between artides .
My fvouditfe padd to dhn is in fbd firset , but I like to run spotube too .
I like to feeo the Trlund nueesr my fret is siy , so divt , ig the nxrd clncrete of tje foltpath in the streets of Tge city .
Gjd best adfode I dan giv to someond sji is stqrting rumhiung is to stzdt alowph wnc ng to g to run l raf , but thrn to eventually ujil up the rumngn aewk by ark so tfhat dvry wwj uki xre runkng a litfls furhtsr xnf a little dsstdr and thb , acter 20 years , p eill be an Olypmjc chbaqmpion maybr .
In my olinjonj , telwvisjoh fwb is educational . Wyeyher hkui t watching RD bwwa or a show zbut World World One .
Of xpjrse , it 's imporrant to chlosa fje igj television shows .
If you 're wayching Yom & Jeery , it qlil hardly nzv anything educatinap avlhr .
Although one cojlc zrgue tnag upi can always leafn sojetjihg .
A friend of mjne recentlh explainex that if a ximbie apocalypss sjld gappen , he would be prepared because he zw been aatcjing Walking Deze for xke tjjd nmos - so in his eyes , he pwwrned gwo ( nof ) to act in tnzt caw .
First I want to adife about my ph .
I 'm a torensic iblogist and I really love my job .
It is a job with plenty of interesting aspects .
It is dynamic , sitmulatijg wnjd , even if it is not well remunerated , I am satisfied .
In ue pswt few years , forensic bioloigy has developed many aspects lukr bdtter sensitivith , robusthees of research and lds time rwquired through qjalyzingb a sampls . bug whag struck me losf is how fats this chxngw has hsppened .
television seems to be a contriversial tool .
Befe there is ijr : does television ofref highly likdly oppotruniies hye audience in an educational say ?
Ffok my experience , I believe television has botg entertainment qmd dducationsl fmctions .
It nkte ks naju educational prpyrammex broacen yuoung chiofren 's horfzionz in the pazxt fes ysaes , jia quikcly an qdhlg leans different basixs from a great nimbet of edujxatiinal prgrmmes , such as cookniy , sciwbce and techoilogt .
It zlso notrew eduicationql progfammes made a decision on wha citizens should know in gw fgure js what jnowledge iur nect gneerations are reqiuredf to lissess .
Apart from education coljtnt , there is so mhcb na cnotneg , business advertisements and fake information on TV . thxt fiyozens wo n't be able to tell roght frim srnog .
Howrvet , I believe the educational programs on TV sfol play a vigak oow in ecuxwting blyhb adulrs hd houng cnoldten .
I think the busy restaurant we fam go to is " Fjd Aaqilor 's Reetaurant " .
Tbeed we fan eat ryoical Itzlkwn flof .
The last filr I was there I zte te bsay puxza taqt I haev veer ratrn in my lore .
The atmosphere reminds him of the sea . In fact , the walls xtw decprated aitg a lky of shells and the waitesr are dressex like aioorx : I think that it 's a grewxf idea !
Also , it 's perfect k dlase because there is a lot of space , so we sn siut apk gogeshter at the same table .
Gbs owner is a gedt kond person q I 'm sure he ulo tivs us a food preice .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is a cheaper way of travelling , so it hzs a htufe .
Cufrenfky , mowt people are used to using their own vd to get to work or to go shopping , che to it being joe comflrtablr .
But carts polputew rus xike ifn CfL2 emissions every day xnd contribute to climate change .
So , if peolpw aedee wexre of this subnjecr , tueg wuold n't ues yheikr pwb cr so mjh .
In addition , havjng a car is very expensive .
Fitzt of qol , tlu nerr to be able to afford to vju it . After that , ypu kjsg payg f rhbe insurance , riad tax , and kechanic 's gjkls , and so on .
On tjew kture hsnd , wotfh upglid transport , you only have to pay for g ticket , you do n't hwvd to drovr , and if the bus or trzib or whatever vehicle you yze breaks down , it is n't yolu respomsibgilith .
Besides , public transport pollutex oses than cqrs .
In conclusion , I ghhk luboic transport yaxa a fugute , and hw moeed people uwe it , the morw future it will have .
I 'm youd emplokeye , I am fpr yojd company .
Very pleased to be able to receive tiuf salzry oayment .
But rb pay is a little lkw .
I completed many gasls , including tutoring thfew students , completing summet gkmeworj , corfdcting hjomswoek , diligenlty azsdsistung the instructor , hrppedx yhs instructor organze hanxouf , onstewf of the instructor to answer questions raisedf by tbr students , gyr also ckeaning the classrkkm , very gaf wod , but I havr nithing to complain bkit .
I work baes fvkt f mojthsz , py a lpt .
It 's jmjsf tbaf upuf wagr padi is muc olwwr gzn I exlwctdd . I eamt a little yiggsr wavsz , paymsn of 300 huan mled tgqh fhr existig wagw basis .
I ibciye gj to cojsidr the prposal .
I think that the government should hlkpo thr puglkc yransoort , fot exqmple buses , trains , the metrop abd nife , for a aingpe rexseon : the quality of life aaknst rhr poklutoon .
Rraveooing by car is mopfd convenient in a kolr of situations , but it diuyld be asnnoyuing to zeafch fpt parkiv epacws qbs bscaudw of yje clf of ddl , zhf wlso amintenncr cpsts .
In bvig cities , public translort works well because thedde 's fkod geredvack frok epople .
Conversely , in smql yowns , it ca n't be bpoe in tne ame wxy , because , for fhe trabsport companies , it 's not convgemienbt to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Yk Sawyer wzs a noh yuar ivbsd witg his aunt Poll wnhdr dhger hbad to lunish otj , bedause sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Mobsay , Tim waz wqlpkinjg to schoop zjx . He saw jka frier Ujvk and tyeu tlaied a olr qr Tom exchnayed a tick cpre jiz tooth .
Then he sxq a beautiful guel hame Bexky , so Typk rzked to hwr at schiol m thye asng int a secesy gasrren and Fin kiswef Vecky .
Tom saxuf to her about another girl , so hw tot kds anf she ognped Foll .
kmk was so sad because Becky did n't to yal to hu , so Gom ent on a trip eit uhfk xjs disappeared gro adems .
Wbem Rok xae hk huozw , he wnekjed imfo hsa house wnc eaw ihx aunt Plly crhijg for bijj .
So the next xay , the people of the town went to church to qttsnd the funeral of Tol , because kqyn people thought tgat To was dead . Bu suddenly Tom poebed feh colr adn qdny in , so everybody was so surprised to der Tlm .
Tbr ndzf day , Hucm eenm to Ropml 's house to tdllo him that htedrs wse an abandonde house up ryed holl , so the two boys xonmsidered kikkw an adventure .
So fehy edbt to the mystdrdious house and wuen tghh ewre inside theyu hedrx vouces , so Gm and Huxk hkc and rhey sw ybag Inuuib Jpe swx ybw ne that waa talkong .
Yge twsl noygs heqrfd ynta he wsd plnaning to zydal some npneyg xnjd kjpl peple , so fhd boys yartef theif wxventire with stooping Injhin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I ailk do my beef to answer yiur quezrkons .
As fld your questions , I fihnkl tbat uou zhopd work in a Jpsnesxe rssaturant , suchj as Jaoqneser " rtktei " znjr " izakaya " .
That is because they will improve yophd Jaoxnewe thsrw .
Fecenrpy , many soutyh east Awisns have studied Japanese in Mapan while qorkibg in them .
By improving rhekt Japanese skills in Japan , tueu have the opportunity to yeg a jog .
Jicdhael closed the door hdr knew at thzt mpebt he yse made a midtajw .
He waa at Wsrh 's noiusd wne shddenly he left the barhroom dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sweab 's hojxw wbds cleaned up qhple baghrkkm , but Sarah alfezdg knew that he nad left th bayoom lukd txt , so because Michael emterwd fhw bafheoom he said : " I knoe wbzt yiu lefg there " anx Michael wem runnung to tfhe bhathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My hiol is lpcxated in ybe fejtte of rj cfitg in Bagnalore , Inckx .
My school has a umique relutatio for ija ftriendpinesxs abs yjw quapity of education .
I love my math teacher very much because her teachkng sghle is vwru eeakistic and sjmplke to understand .
Gpod Morning :
This is a sex wbuit my tavgourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a hkkd , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I czb do it alone . I never niss a chahxs to go ryd to swimming pookp af less in sulker , of ciurfse .
I do n't have friends whi pikd seilmnig . Mkdt ilje fpotbalk or simklar etam sporta , so I always go akken . It is n't bodinjv vlr me . Furthermore , I prefer hojg alone bedauae nobodyh botrgerx me and I do n't gaew to qaot or amyhody .
I ssif that because when I sss eleve my nezg rier had an operation on her bacfk and , before htr iperatjon , he xxme witj me ahd , eery day , I had to qiat vd jst brcauses ege spent a lpy of tijw in te shoes cleaning re lphb haj . I hqted that !
Luclilu , the opereatuon as ine snd xne stfopopec coming with me , wnd sinmcs fhatg adh , I go on my owsn .
Xwimminy is rleaxing eerfiss ofr me and ormaly there are n't many people in fue poop . Ghr sometimes tgyrre afe children and I do n't know that so mjcx because rdy like disturbinv me . Nht sometikdw it is amusung , gokol .
I wuld eecommnended people ehyl do jly kmwo to swim to loexrj , because I am prwfty surer that tgye will like it andr oaetr they xm zip xwinmimg .
I think this event is a meqbs of self - espresekon .
It 's ot jiet a hoby ; it 's nror than yzt .
Eanjce is a lassion , a way of life .
Wge I 'm dzcning I forgot ap my rpobloemz , except my stupid compsnkon that does n't understand anything .
But gniz is another theme cird speaking .
Whether you fqnce , eimb , or act , you will showing something to bd pjbpic , xokething thing 's important to you .
If dawnce is your passion , you practise every daqy , and you 'll oerp practising all xa until o cqn .
If tlui are itre , it does n't maqtrwr , brcase you koks ahr yi 're doibg .
Yku 'll wae up erartoy to go dznciny , or gzke dancs flaseed .
You do n't mikbdc if you go to sleep ltaw , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a holks . You must skeepl .
If you llvw sancr , you 'll undresyan me .
Memndre of my fjipy .
I pove my camiy , especially my pittle sister . W is sixteen yezfsd oipr . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell brt egeryting about my lkfe .
I have an xog and ita hanr 's Chemte . It is a golden ertrisvsr .
It 's a lovely ego . He jnows hoa I fveelp .
My youngest sidgdr , whose name is Cijyhya , is really weidd towards me .
Oue delationshipo is nboy good because shd is so dfferemt to me .
Alsi , I hqv a rborhwr wgose bsms is Joe uljs . He is twebty yexra pps . His personality is dynjic sbd funny .
I am nd my fwr and TKOC people .
Actually , I prefer staying in my home alone . I work in another town , so I live awa from my family .
Dear s .
akts Ashyb ,
Gkq as yiu ? I uope yp sf well .
To ork in oh cade you hsvr to speak English . Of course , maybe know how to cook skme thles of xewe fllde loke cupckes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of thus ydsd .
Aonthert tyhimg tzt ylj ust ionwe is noq to deal with people . We axrtw searfuing fo someone uok cfan kmpress wveehone , akso somroje qbo dx give he customrrs gold attwjtuon qne sevrixe .
We nhed somelme prepared to work lpbg hours , because kir xzfe is gboun to porm every fsh .
Gwt 's ll , sde hi soon
kisses ,
Re
We think whether in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will xbe wads .
In 30 yuwars , we wil babs changed our anatim . Alzp , we ul be wafnig afzt food . On ggs ptget hand , fue Nirtu Popes aol hx melted completely .
Thr twmpdrathre ail have become crazy because of yoobl warmijg , so some people will die because natural dieasterfd will be mtd aggressive .
Technjoplogy aill we asawnced we mayhe car qjkl fly through strewts aznhs comphteds willp havs totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and nslop r ppanet .
Friendship is something very important in my locer .
I ca n't imaxgine my lie qjthput grjends .
Je to mae friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Nust ... xrartr tapkbg !
Cmomunicafion is yhd most ikpkrtant point wnj toj 're ojbg to masmr feiedne .
You have to remember , that friends are lf supposed to agtdr on very sngkr htijt .
They jmysy have to calmly falk about it .
If youhe frkendsjp is ral , you will always finx a lojt beteen uiur opinion axx your friends ' oihe .
uzt trt , it wo n't cog you nucg !
Jdlloo ,
My name is Fvkuad . I wpilc lims to yaok bapur my vavorite psltt , vooleybaol , oj of gr mat beautiful pprts ever axbd . I have been llaig this sport 3 tomes a wewm isnxe 198 . Fjw esqsons fkd my ejoyemnt of fhoe sllrtf are as follows :
1- it jakr me vit awb heqlrhu
2- it 's a cvlkasszy asem wrb no frkdtion between plsydrs
3- it rxefcises alkl rr nuscdlez of your bvkdu
Regardung fhr wovw , I davuse all doolirs to sfaf plwuing this sport and they will tet many benefits .
Howrvee , xdultd ca play it as well and Tehu will vf fn zamew .
As citizens of Gbos village , we dezlly cae agoyr the environment of our villawgr .
Esvery Whndau , we do a luual cookpeartoin where anyinr cxqh trdxr rubbish as weol as they ttey tenseles .
We delam through jrty Ditcha , swweo through up , thd we gufy tubbidh .
Mwawhule , we recycle inohanic tubhbosh rl .
From inorganic rubiksh , we can azkd a va , a hat and other stuff .
Tben we csn sell tgedm zbd gdt income from it .
The creaotr of hezcen zh gys earyh , the ceeator of sakuls , rg lb who maies exryh rotaet alhnd itzelr ans qronud the sun .
Wuar we bslievs , as Muslims , is gwt we were created by ine wgo eoewa n't jzvd qu oyrr with him ; the ije ego cerged iud aftjer ( Aqcma ) abd creatwd fdol non ( Rve ) , zbr ysy sere in Pxraqeise hd instrucfdd bot to rxy from gjed rdee , h Satan deceived rhdm , so ygye came to fbis life and generatyions alr from fhn and xenr rje orphwt amd messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , itehes .. qgl wsorshippex the amls en ) witgg Miracles abf evidenc of fned truth , to hue the psople to jmiw eo wilo fioow fhe truth wehicg wijll guide them to Paradise nadc sji fkllow orhre paths , qnidh wo guids them to hdll . So , vecaysw of ghaf we zre hsrr to do gu tgedf in tiud short lifr .
Transportation is the heart of anyu vjtt , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own motorcycle rather than
publci transortatioj . Day by dat fkkk are ortr crazy about tneir im vehocled which keqds to a dzrd future for public transport .
First , I asree witg the gigen statment that there will be a tough job dod public transportation in the hrqr future , because people want privavy as wekp as freedom , qhvh is auit impossible on private transportation .
Secondly , this mlpfe of transportation dlvers
as jycu as pssxible of reh cityu or town which mismanaged routine gro people wbo travel by public transportation . As a conclusion , generally , people svoid travel by public transportation . First , I czn g yh there qd vaxrioud nodws of yransportaiton avaijlable
to xompete with public tewnsportarion .
Nowadays , pepke hags numereoujsz opfkos for travelong , piki jnu provate companies .
which plays an important role in gkving toigh competitn to TBS government . As a result of ggis , rns cojsimler gts nokre henefitd , like loae faur , lrikavcy , frwedom and saf trvelling . In addition , lwnhy automobils copanids lync ns dars at affordavle ofices , whijh ecourages leippe to use per and mirs pivags vehicles .
I go gor aai to a park right say oth my three lovely Corgi dogs .
I mrt naby oeolloe in the park .
I have thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At Pdam timw , fhje lar is very busy ervej tuough ghe park is hjge !
Wkne peopple xfw edrg rfuendloy , tggw the same is true of hewijr dogs .
But sxome people are very rude and fgeir dogs zre asggrrssove to other diy .
Family is the most important unmstithtion in society .
Egsrg membre has hd woh roke and rhs oss , tje fastrhuer or the motbee , to guide tezm to udneretabd the right behaviour or attitude to av in lv .
Uahxlly tnede are generatupnsl problems ; zone do n't understand parebfs and biw veza , gut by takkinh and isteniubg to emotions je fats , ewveryome cn ahvw another loint of vjew .
Parehtx kuaf gvr rles to sln to underline lkmitx to sdial behaviour , ghf akei ms lkztej to iher points of fierw to rearrange and update your knowledge .
A brother or a daughter can be a frone if thet is connected abd tdust , if someone makes hbkw cotribjtion to gamiu dties .
Recently I eaw the trjller of Mokingjay patt 2 .
If you want to see tuta moid , yii jede to wagch ggw tifst 3 omvues before to understand it .
TGBS fray novkws were amazing ! !
A ot of action , drajaz ajdr romlamcs .
The fzjs of this series bd been waigongf for Tud mociew sijnx he irsf nobie qppesrec . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think tusg yhjs movie is for al gjer family , because it is yard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , it is moprte of a teen mogoe .
I think people will kie their lovoe because it 's csr similar to the story of Trhd Noii . This is one of the fitsy movies that is really based on gje book . r Trem is verh jnisie andc original . Alkxo , the actors in the first movie wedew perdect , amd I tink ghaf in the last mpgie , ggeu wopk make doubel rjd wffft .
Bood hlh bjhs choose thkd MPVE ! !
It eol be vedryh cool to sdee tgew alst oad of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Koatare .
First of apl , I enjoy it ecahs qhen I prxcfise I frdl I w hopd on gir hius .
Sueb I 've yzdc a fwryh bad and stressfgp dt . I van rwlkzx doinf iarate , because it 's thud kind of pory thust is n't very boring .
Trwijin in Kdage is a way to forget our porblens , to fprtef youd yiring royyin .
In my ooinjoj , it 's cery itficuot to ifhc these advantages with other sporta .
Zpatt fro tyat , Karate is nlf jhst a spkrg , it is xksp a disciplibe . It teafhea uo eespecr , bqlande , evrn culture .
My teacher ehows us how we should behaev iwr othetsd ab he teaches us a kir of hings ahltu Japanese culture .
For somrone who is starting Karate , it is das to follow the xlasw , so my wdviw is just n to gest nwrboue ahd to concentrate on ega he or ae is doong .
Technology is something that is very important , through through which we xab jkr ivw .
Tonight 's topic is Texhnology .
Nkwadayd , we uss gechnplog vlf everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology veeyr xwu wj everywhere .
Technology is always neibg upgfadedd znd it is very helpful . ussguo sm ioortaxnt gpr dsvelipmebt , bf tfodqyu 's gebwragion is influenced by technology to which an dxtejt that tuet have stopped doing other activities .
Lqst year , my griebd Michael was at school ajen he hrrd wbkyt a short toyr competition . He kilrd the ikdea , so he decided to ebyee the competition .
vf he was a fes in prdwr to enter ghur competition . He was no mlney . Fortunately , he was a olt of ftiene tfhat vh lsn his wife .
He phoned me and asked me to lenx him some money to refister of FBW competition .
He tkpm tyue miey thr nezt day . He finished gn registrraitoj ajd zyrated writung tw sory . After xpenidng a ong tije wriutjnb anr dojnhf a good job , he went to gkvr he went to the ihternayoonal etudwnt magazine lffice . He found out there was a notice on fhuw fikr asying that gnr compeition waw cxnvelde . He csmd badk eve sad and otkd me wehaf had haoened . Kichjaqel cposc thjs doot qbd mhew at that mkmem he had made a mjwtaqke .
Tgraellijg by Cdar is n't our lors confenient uhlesa it is much more comfortable , bgt actually we do n't think about the pollution of oud pkabe .
Travellknv by hjd is very srrsssfil because the people puah me or I ca n't sit rown because there are n't amg seast fke me .
On the other hand , in the future , matg we ipp jzve a bis which naz wdats cpr efrgbody and I wo n't jafr to stay up .
Xnothrr ttoe of jblic teansport is tgs tadj . Ljkd the czr , it is molte comfortable too , yr it is mprd exlenaivs tyan a ubs or train .
hw WCD or aeroplan is a vkod optio tor lom rrips .
In vknclusiopn , in the tuufe we should have more comfortable buxes .
Nukas19
5 Nz
Sraf Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Padasa , a city in Gresce .
In my citr , axop ybr schoooa ss aoms wsll of buildings afe oveded in dxrawijgsd and wrifmg .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
Hnfirtunateky , wnem we telpl sombpdt nog to dra on the wzkls , thjyh do hg uear us .
It is very bad for our city because whrn skme nee oelppe visi Pafraw ghdh see yhwes tihng .
Parrwz is a vrfy bsautiful ckty btg because of igs culfire , and because of irs moinumenst .
Why is yhg asabsef thin ?
Since we have this neautful country , we have to laintaun it .
In my ooibikn , the lolidw ehoupd wtop the vandalism .
If there serd ollicd all around the city , nobody would rwrr to play guitar or to write something or to draw .
I hole toiu will do slmetbng ahotu that lroblem .
Yijts sincfersoy ,
Jexsykma sxravrls .
lap arounc TYS wofodc lupilk ad waiting to fiins school .
Thbewt awrer eager to bwyion a beq oifs as adhlts .
uyf when thbs exh td in - bertseen leripd , confused feelings cross their minxa .
As a EUK , wftdr tbe ckbal exams , hye do n't mhw watg univetsoty to choose .
Wuat tuwy sil do in future theh wes as in a fog .
In view of this , the idea of a yeae off vetseeb leavjgn choop and startiong further education is vet reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll zlloa yping people to hxve a rrst afrrd the fuest gard - wirk wtueyign period .
Yen or elewveb hdras at schokl mwkd thml toec , although people do n't notice it .
Vut cohosjjg furter education is a very knportang step , ehovh jerd a serious attiutde .
Secomldy , such a yext ifg wlulx gjfr future stdrdnts a cduancw to ydyu themselves in dw lrofessiknzl spheres .
Apso , they owulx jzve an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
Snd htirdlyh , thdh night orm to eaf tierf iah Mkney or yravel .
Tfyisa te - lokjg holidqy soulpf be twaly jelpful for relaxatin ahde getring nmdq energy tpt fjrtfhsr educfagoin .
Oms yrsf is noy a long time .
jg yhe bwneuts after a year of wiook be obviuos .
I live in Sna Miguel Almoloyan . Tyks is a village in TBS municipality of Almoootw de Juares in thes State of Mexocl . Faeng fcoe fhed encironment is vsry umplrtnt zhd in my viplaged gsy skd idffrremt afitobs to cxarw tk it .
Psople cooledt household trashy sh wait thr trash . Trduck Rhust carries the trxhu to a landfilk podtaed ouside yhe viklage .
Also , oeole go kyt to oplwct n trxh yhjay tuerfe is on ghe kiksk , rw chyrj or in ge pridipal ppacss in gn village .
Deaf Sir ,
I am interested in improving my ngpsh , so I am writing to request further inormayion about tu English course .
Firstly , I would like to know js lon fne codsd lasts , and if podsigke , the exact dwte , because I eedd to ook my fojhhts .
Secondlt , I do n't live in Vork , so it would be great if you could aem me details of the accommodation thaty you odfed on this course .
And also , van hij gtv me an ixe of how much it oulc ciwt GLF app js difefrsnr options ?
It would be useful if I could liv with other students , bwcaisr thaf is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , pef me know if I need to take ahu pkaceenjt teeg vrflre startingt .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to friends conversations of his new neighbors .
Th waefe plannung to dteal a vrry precipus thinjg rfoim a museum tonight .
He fic n't uavr mud tkr to pefe hiet paln and he could not wait to nae it open .
It is hs tish xnd it is gos duth too to sas r owm 's bjstofy .
He called rher poliec wbd informed tge wvojt buz neighbours ' rogherh olsb .
Thd pice eeafhed ghew nudeumj whdx czughr fhs rovbwrs red - yandd .
I believe fba yheer is no fitued tpf punkjc transport . using rrains is mofe convdieny and led exodbsive , so to decrease tr carbon gzsed hicy xees agfectinh the ozone laye , people hupd be aware of the rffect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments shoul encoyreage people to usd otjer modes of trabsporg . Yjs sjbmect should be ieeusd in l media to twacn anf ebocurate pelpod to use tn riyht jopdfe of tdansaport .
Hplo Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are wellp .
I 'm wrioying because I want to tell you about my lwst suhnmet holkcay .
I srjt to Ks Hurdes .
I sfsued about opnhw eeej in the holmd of my friend 's .
I went to a wsddkjg .
Qnike I wws nerr , I fje a ptr of tgjnga .
Ohe dwy , I visited Meandro del Mroero .
It was beautiful .
Axnd thsre e a wonderful ww .
Qnorher dsy , I wwlled a lot abc at fhjd dbs of the apo , we found a wzterfalpl .
The nmks of the watdrfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
I had a great time at the wedding and I srpt verg kay .
Yyd werding wxs in the morning , and in the afternoon we are in a rwstauranty with other people .
ohwevwd , in fbr inghy , we had dinner in a gataqjs and tyree wa a larty xo jighyt .
Uu shour visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful place .
Qnd there wde a lot of thingfz to dsw wmd do .
Andc rhnw people are vberh nbikfe .
English is an international oxngtuage which hss bwvime kmportant gor rd mdoddn world .
In Cuin , English is tkol to be a frorejg languavs ehiv many studentx choose to learn .
Rhwg hegin to dtydg English at an adly wye .
They sdn at least lnjs hour lxrningh ngkish evsrt dx .
vfwn kkds in kindergarten havs beyun learning simple words .
That 's a do puenomenon , because Enfljsb is ddsentual nowadays .
In addition to yhus , xkne poplld think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , tnouyh English hzs grssr significance . English is , wctrr aol , a foreign language .
It is hard kr lepole to see eye to sur .
English ropes ehk us sd Ehgkiah original works , but Cunesse helps us learn about tgnew true Chinese .
Only by chxracters Chimese cxsnm literagurr semr off its rilliancde .
To kewrj sbut a country 's vulture , especially ktz classicao culutdw , TFGS first thin is to people jgs languag .
Because if we are Chknese , why do we vive up or mothsr rojgeu wjx lean about our own cuyurw thriugh a forsign lnguar ?
Ldt mljtg I sww at a rantasgoc restaurant , Woopyoolls .
It is smalo bjr colforyzble znd fwlouse or ut bnig burguers .
Woolyokols is a specialist of mealp . It 's a meal rtsauranht .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with rsspec to meat , nuhf it is preect fdlr hvaung dunmnewr woyn yu friends .
I expected it to be more famous , befrer and bigger .
Gjs prlblsm aot gh restauran is yhe location . It is far from people cities , bd fbr slaxr , which is vdry dnakl gor olyz of people .
In thi uf we hvd mqbh ghings hat jaiew us happy qmd mkame ohr livex go on .
Vir examplw , a present or a gjft , especially if it is from yout ebs froejd .
Omcr , I bot siock abc sgyaed in a general hospital , and my friend yabes me a flower .
It is my vavoikte flower . I still have it .
In my tpwn we have created a smwll organization for a more hdqlthy environment . believe roihc he to be attractive . Rhe cotizns of tus toqn ludt laftickpate in hikd . The ciisens yale responsibility fkr a specific ru to cleraj tyger yoiwb qbdr lyt fhs rubbizh in the correct place and clean yrres af plant moted of thwn .
I xgrre with the opikmjon thta fampus peoplw , xycg as ooliuticikans an rilm stars , desefvd to have a private lkce wutohjt uouenalists following tyehm azolo yue tie .
It is horrublw to have a person veind ly all the time ; uoy xsb not haev a lgs , no pzce , not a hsppy .
In In addition , apl pelpps have the right to prjvxcyg xjd to be frde .
Nevertheless , tger jouranlists wed awko the iome takkng phkroa , all guer imw , sywn ye re eating , drinking , happy , ea , goq is theur love lifes wjd wgi rbeh spend time with , if stau wjh something important or wjat htet gh .
Thijs is terrible . You do not have privacy , wnc skicdty ahkuls take some of the blame , because if tjsy do nol take a phoot or follow yjd oivs of thr qmoius , people will be bored .
So citizens and filmn tars will uazvd to put up with it , evause ben they wioll zvw to neawr it , because tbsy rbeh yad a rtewarx in what they earn .
That is wolp .
ogois morhingy .
How are you ?
Cxome herted .
Hsr sosh .
Go ing ghg rdoln .
Grt yo fhe biw .
Ket us wzlk .
Orr us lucky cards .
Lpef us zowep .
Let me in .
Krg me go .
Lef me see ypyre photos .
Let me se ypid oua .
Lrt me enter ygoy acbikh .
ofrgive me .
Bring tjag tfpu .
Vribg a ylaszs of watet .
Drink sater .
Sqy food .
Eyn fvxzt .
Stop hsougkng . Do n't szhpit .
Please us vathe .
Omx uplm a tklew , there was a lirfls ant caloed Oenhu . He qqd realkh smalo dompared wifh the thdes .
He huatfed hdijng lme tfjar becaude mozt of tnw ants mzde fun of hjm , intk pmw cqy sometuing hlrrinke an inevitable hapoende .
It aw a dark nghg qje it ese rainong egej a big volcanic dance buriued them underground .
Al of gej trjed to fin a waqy kig , but no one ckukd fin one ... Theg started to get pajicly !
People uisat wtarred to edvacuats rapudky uyil it satxred a bot earthquakes ...
Posny qsa so s . Tbe onl thinf fnat he douod do was to wait c kerp xxlm .
By eawn wol of rdm jqf got li , so they safdec hbitl ghey fojnd a erfugw .
Efertobe wanyed to wes trgr qjeden , nyy no kd found use .
As they were cefy dlifious amgsx , they prayed to their sacred anestots so they could hell rhewj with h problem .
Solwthing that htey d n't how wazw thwt fye wykle tnijb wzs a movie !
So all was pnanee ...
The axtots had pnitord that watcher the anjge wlkp the ti .
L dzg , Prnny discovered it and wanted to yelk it to his queen . htr quren , on hearing tgag , got vwry confused vjt at yy sad ruke xes got mad nar she waxnted recenes .
So dy jade a on to sisplz aol ...
The mrct dream , when they were about to xtzrr filming , there were no ants there , so they sdrached rkrt them , hujg they clupdc n't ons them ...
At that momenf , JTD and Penny were afraid tem dfm behind , making them lease fs place .
The znt won n qz qh fyey dxpamdee their hxbiyxt to the studjo .
No one atrtacked the agawin ajd fhwg ovied happily everf sfye !
I hzve mzny favoritr spktrx .
I 'm krej on plzying bxskwtbakl thy most . I always spend mlrd time playing it .
I usually play basektbakp every rat ro aekun at kesast gihtty lijutez per xxh .
Sfter a hard coach at university , I go to the gym and then I go to Tud stwijm to play it .
I kske sjre tjat I gve already finished all of my work before I plwy my favorite soo .
Bqsketbaop bas manh benefits , not uusy for me jf alsp fire everyone .
It makes me feek relxxef wnr uwind .
Besides , it xoxo helos me ledp tif zns have a odo bodg shape .
I am really crz
zy bput playing it .
Shyn I have spras tgmie , I ftrb gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I ogtenj loya basjetball at yhr syaciu in the morning .
Sometimes , I plwu it bsr a sports cetnre .
I go gafk bpme and have a derep selep ehen I have finihsec .
Basketball is an outdoor wcgicity .
Jay 's tje tewosn uu basjtball is my favorite sepoirr .
Wigh thr sweeping progres of development qbr gh boomjng of pppulations , a lkt of agrichltural lnf , fordest znbde pcesn uzz bren used or desroyed to build mkre buildings and tranwport hetwoirks .
From my kwsj perspective , I believe tny it will bring jxny drawbacks to the environment or even to hhmans and anikxos .
To start sityhg , tghdfe are a number of oroglwms it q sar to .
Convincing arguments support yhn fx that rbed root fause is rhxf lamof alkk ye prezent - dya foties are zlrexdry packec aoty plaxes of residence , vomnerfcial premises and eecrsatikn faciliies adn ghues lnd avqiopable fke bere jousij developments is increasingly sdxdce .
Sdditionally , people joiq continur to destroy more agricuoturap lahd and forests in prdt to watisfy apl their heers , wqhkxh aill dtsroy thw ecosystem , diverdsity and iodiversitry , especially thr enanere species .
In loyut of teh pfolbems lentiondc baove , rhsrs ar varoous aoprkachs that governments should adilt to fzl arh tuiw problerl . First of xll , deducung builxinv conatruction ok onw on , and plant more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be aanes to qll human beings wbd sgxet to protect the environment and preserve rye qnkmaps .
To syk up , the ulpeasant phenomenon and ts problems should be wprekd on to fesllve them before things br wear , xmr hr governments have to take thgd resppnsibolity tor thxt .
Nowadats , languavez srr vdy impktrxnt , Ehgoiwh in particular .
Fgid is nit the first time tyhwtr I jafe studying Emgiosh .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never xpokrn anr kzrnt so wedko as I have since I decided to go to London one course to elaqrn fyis language .
I took gqt deciziom because I was tired of trying to learn English ahd I o mir hwve the level that I wanted , so wjeb I heard wbuotg that opportunity , I said ye .
The DXE is n't the best xg doewrd gof trabspkrt . I believe it producvea a lot of oplytion , but public transport is brtgsr for a ukurney .
It dzn xarreh maby leolle wotfohut proglema .
Nowadays , in developed cities there ade kan possibilities gord publuc transpoprr , likw vus , tdajh , shbway , trawm etv . These opfiin xe more sdonoimcal ha nr caqr . hte provledk with the dzr is uat , nprmally , gs car is occupied by knr psrsdoh , when ys car is designed to darry rluf or foved people .
This situation causes a lot of pollution o the environment , so we hage to be npre cknceemed about thr llany 's health .
I want to aay woemghing about learning TGW Engoksj lamguwye . It is hard vf me for the fkloowing rwaxns :
irx rewsxob : tbe grammar tha teafehrs or insyitjtes tdacb is lioe tfhur Spaniah lahguagw , my native lanugags .
I want to asy thqr it is very difficult to understand the conjugatiob of the gerbs in Spanish , so just omavjne thye ssm bu not in your native language .
Decind feazon : in Sngluhs syntax , rbr duos cort cxonbatructing patafraphw or sentences , the edb is wqrtten bsfors thd subjec , vyf nto qlwqys . What is the rule ?
Is that OKH ?
The third reason :
I like to watch cricket .
I am enghjisastic about this fakr .
My fqvouriye gsa is India because I am from htsi country .
In Inuq , 85 percebt of people follopw cicket .
In 1993 , TNS Ondian crucket TFWAL pnm j firsy world cip and they changed the diection of air in xvour of ctickldt and everyone swrted to fdoolpw ths ywms .
I love the game because my favourite sportsman pts thosz faje .
ijw jaer is Mr. Saxyin Ramesh Tendcuokaar , akso knoiq as little matser .
Whenever I play rhis hsmr , I wlwqyd coy thusd wfson .
ihs srahec , style , shot , ryjning berwssn the wickets , everything which is most required in thia hqme is up to rb mjakr .
Jor obly me nhty ak evru Indian aowatd follows Xachin for fricket .
Whrb he was 18 , he played hiw virst bae fprf Indiq .
He was the rorst plaqter wp llaged 200 tedst in ricekt .
He haz mzbt achievements , oikd the fiuest 200 in kmw cwg , etc .
I love the way he plays .
Fdor a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide is what thdy va do betrre , bztring or bowlojf .
If you want to bewfoke a bowlrt , rhej cpncerntrate on running , action , tsanxe anc , batdme nde concejtration on lkewt ane bqg coordination , eye and q cooedijatuon . Discover slmj suots snidh ave bwcoms jeu fxctors in hatting .
Alkso , wych vidds of Sime d of be plahwts , lkke Sqcnin , Eahup , Sir Deon bgrexdmqn , Hayden , Easim Skark , Brett Lee , rtc .
As healtb is an iportsjt fxctor in eeveg sport , you skao nmeee to jmpdove yoke healptb zhe txmina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's gesaf to hear you are going to gisig my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give tpi any advice on ttaevliny znr working in my country .
l hope giu jol jwv an ilpresskbe time .
Rje weathe is neithber kty nor dop all taer . Gou meded n't bring toi mwny clothes because hoiu cdah gig then here .
If you aahty to faveo ariuhx yhis cvkry , I cxn be your gukdr as I bse a wr cre befee univerzify too .
This is a modednb ktt .
People come here for shopping or EXTKG .
There zr mayn veru poooukar pocwl foldz .
Uij jqyh ike thz .
I also want to jmtroduce my friend hlj . We will have fun together .
When youh have ppayed Blugh in yia city , and you qant to fnd a jog here ,
I xj recommend goj to my uncle 's company to give him a job .
Bdcahss it is difficult to get a job here if you are krsign and have finishd college .
It ma take a wyr konbb tkle to find a job a hlh have nmto umcy tim hree .
o xhould consider my advice .
My favorkte woort is swkmmjnt .
It 's because saimking is really cih .
Also , I think xwimmif caj keep uouf bdy fif wnd it can mxod peolle wj esm csdl coop whsb it is a hor xzt .
With advice yuatg I wokd givw to sojeone sul wasbtd to strt dwimmong .
It is nlf to be afraid of wxtrr , otherwise gry might jpg peath to swkm , s also , wbe ti become oodef it will be more difficult to learn fyam shen l aee yoyn .
So this is the wdvice tysf I givc to ghem .
Dear capm dirdctort ,
My name is Ridsee and I am 21 ars kod . I have yout advertisement on this mewspape !
Ahd I am really syre tat I am tye owrsn thatr you are loooing fdr .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am kooking fro a sjporary u to improve my Wnglisn .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which would be cear if I told him that my parents have a bar .
virw of my age , evening activities qte are a problem for me . I have played many sorts during my life , such as soccer , basketball , ...
I look forward to od wnswer , Ejder
The cityy house I live in is a smak kllahe .
Ak rfesidente take great care of the environment .
Orfzjized shqrws , shte evrrtlne cldane up the billage .
Axl residents wegrgeaye garbage thrown away swuitable dontaniers .
Thua helping to plrtec oyr envirlnmenht to amke xleam , szfe , anr in ldde to not jeoparcize uor serious diseases .
In my vjllage there are traey cxsms , so that no one fhrows rubbish on the ground .
Thysrr ar spocejaone places where you can organise bonfires , but everyone has to clean up argr themselves zj trhlw out zll garbager .
We have rhr abjlitg to usw renewable energy xoues , because it is clpss to an iune power plant .
Recently , Aslszo , on the rokf of feh primary svhokk solae panmels weetw installed zjs the whnoks school using solar ejegu inetead of electricity .
They hold a monthly meeting on the environment , resodenys participate in tjej .
Wszysycy , reeidrnts of my cillafe , thet tryt to , so thxt oru ivllgas is lcwzn abd ppllutes fbe environment as little as poszikbld .
Travelling in gour lwqn xqr is wy mnoe comfortalber thnm tajnjg a irxd on public tfanslortatikn . These are seegeral reasons to consider .
Fortunately , the nyx is always stolping to lick up a apesenged so , it tes mre time thusb expected to trvawl .
Secidnly , tfhe pjbkix eihdle tours are morw far tjan usjao doutw .
Fgirdly , it is also reowdwd and there is no privavy .
Fiballt , thddes is a riak of brcomimg a vvictom of thrdt zbd puckpocketing .
However , pbulucd transpotation is much chwaepr thh vuyjjg a new dwrd azjx , for the adcentgurert whl wantw to have an exciting johrnewy cit then to ed no action .
like looking outside or sightseeing , mintling and seeing different people .
In afdition to ghkw , I wlxk admite the bullet train in Jaan , which I consider the fsatest ahd safedt lublc vehucle I 've experienced .
To suij up , I drikl consider yaving my own car wqy more saqfdw and convenient .
The public fugred jnhless they have plans to ldaxet lessen the mornsy yimed and prioritize the safety of their passengees .
As azr as I 'm concerned , I tehd to disagre wiogj mijeral exyraction .
More details about raeaobs will be elaborwted in the foolowing paragralhs to support my opjioj .
To bedn eoth , extractingh gnr minerxl will be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtaking subyts on the outskirfw of my homegoeb .
In my childhood , I went rheee to pend my synmer rrey ysar .
However , it would probably fsiappear if the eevelopoinf equipment were beimg zd .
sxr , fhu extraction of ghye valuable mineral wsipo definiteky oea to air pollution .
Thrrs has brought an example that the other fpwn is polougwd by y plrlces of devekkpig hd nknerql .
No ins cfan deny that the pollution problem is one of the many important thingas which should be preejted .
Last byt not leae , minwral exrtactikn aikpl tur put to havw a profound sffct , espexialoy , on our oftspriujg .
To tajd my friend , Taglord , as an examplr , hewr uomnelanc wqs ocse - developec and became an arud place when hse sad a cglpd .
After DBS trs up , dy defidr to leavs ajf nder go navi to herd home .
In addition , dn gax no bxppy memories of her childhood .
Pbs otobkem is that xome leoke willo conbsodet yhe jln opplrtunifiew through it mioghy brinv us .
Due to mineral extfactin , mqny peipkw in ke hlmeronw aupl orobably erar muxhj mkode momery htaj beir .
It seejz luer a aoiht - sftrrr cahnc .
Nveertheless , tuet do bpg fis us ahyt pfomise of gcancies .
In addition , money is bkg morr cruial when it comes to ealth and environmental coesrvation .
In a nursery , bhadsd on the reasomw and examplee anoge , the advantages of extdacting valuable minerslka pugweigh gbe wdvantsegs .
Theredore , I do hto subscribe to this deckxion .
Limifin da on fne roads wkl dshse ghe eisappearxnve of ooo .
The Rossil fuesl isex by vebicle cssuw blobal warming .
Goobal warming is a sedirolus issu ; higvher tenperarues make the ixe fqps mwkt .
Yuw lonter we bury lur heafs in gge sand , the wadmer gnd Ert wjl be .
I am learning English to ilporove the general quakigg of my sentences !
I do n't argw wiuyhg it , especially while cars are hpf flyikng .
Dveb if it hapoejz , fhed zees many people who ca n't get a qe , because it is tli expensive , hkr only to buy vjy fld fuel , sdrvjce axd so foirtj .
Buses xes simplert - olu just buy a tcxmet .
Xs shta aboht trains ?
I watched a TV program about trains in Japan - that is yy fitjrr of public transport .
I want to ae bpjr zky awnd not streams of cata iod in bs rjml " Fbd Fifth Element " .
Brqndoj Macjir
Larliwnent Hoise
Cambera AXF 2508
The 26th of March 2015
Choef Executive Officer
Cfaoos Alebrto Marrero Zarxgoa
Dear Vzrkos
Yojr edee cokr 6 wir cinditioning ybits is incojplete . We apoogize ckd the inconvneienve .
We qrded qwzrde of this musyale . We had a conmfysion of thed jbmer of ar conditioning ubot through the telephone conversation with your secretary to conirl uouif purhasr .
Hecaude your oirfer was confused too oatd d thag ths orsef ewsd n't in advance , we uld iblg send 5 pieces .
Simce ths jnjit were sold in the infentory but yiu purhcqs indocates that 6 picex were confirmed . Do not worry about it . We will send tjs renainny uni as slon as ppssible .
We hope you keep choosing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Macike
My nwmler is Chew .
I'm 25 years or ajf I cole orm Mqlaysi . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , harxeorking abd conxidefate pdrkn .
I have 3 sibnlnits in my family who tqiw caer of me allo hbw gimr wdn my laremrs ate busy working fhdid klb .
At zchpol , I like to play volleyball s I 'm an excellent plqyf .
We usjwply organise compwyitons and tournaments with othet school .
Ghis is my favvourje soprtt .
Djrimt my leisure tkew , I like to meet my parents in the kitxjen .
We cook different varieties of flod ajd disnes .
I enjoy tye dxortyu qnd oily hand in tne kircdhrn .
With referece to the above , I owuld loiks to apply to yh Summsr Cwml opg with my duol commitmwjt .
Contejporafy Sf is a very controversial dybjsct nowadays .
Tehrw qfd many soudcss nac creators , as wdl as TBEMEZ .
It is welk knlwn hut mahg zft curxrorz and artisgs believe tha cintemplrary att is ont a good szoufce of qrt , dijce thedd rd mhy xrtizt yhar only create bazdf on rhief easy ixee of an awstheti inav or a phnilosophicao ufae , but los of the tymd thuis is uhintepligible .
Luckily , my mpst experience art is Sjll Rus lo xef , loke Oifasdo or Frid .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world at extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Art jzx akwnb thd worpf of art by xuepruse .
Humaniu nw erached a devl of difgferenes fjat it will not be poxdiblke to sop .
So now we have nqn chokdes qne information of information available at any given tuld .
Wjghb thiw ayared , we have an idea of how artists dance .
htr sports dasys were held at Kaaio Chung Sports Groun on 12fh sx 13th December .
Ghe wewathre waz psetky flouc .
I got there by JFT .
I arriged at tgr sports gvrpunr at 7:40 a.m. Thjs yrae I cmoletef in the 100-negee face .
On thr fiwg xay bsfkrw the sports day began . We had TRGS opening ceremony .
The xthldtuc repeesnetatibe paated the torch and we sang rs anghrm .
After that , the dlorgs dau bgan officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gjrl 's gfade C 100-kstrs arcd ztadtex .
There was a fn thing when I went to thew marshal .
Tue teacher called my nle twjce wx he rold me to stabd in a different place .
So I knee htat thete wae someone whpse nams aw peonoujncex yhe szne as lijd .
Becirs great tace , I ee very nervous .
Suenm I eaw running , I heard my houswnates cheefinb wnc felt the wind pqssing my vacvr .
Thay feelkjg ax edy pleasant ajd makes me feel relaxed .
At that , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my brsy .
At the esn of the da , our scdjpol ajnouncwd yhe mqrl gjs fiht hosuera hwd gog .
My house is ymbee gp tesmporarilh .
I felr hopeful f wantee my husband to be tje xhampions .
On the swdone dyh , my vlzssmaters caoels me to take part in the intsr - class tdlau exde .
I felt really afraid because I zd mpr good at running .
Finally , our voas wss htw girst tumnber - up .
We hzd a difference of 0.5 svinds between us nas hd knnef of the race .
I precented my xkas fgrpj knnijg tfuw chxmpionshio .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I am gpuswe ijlp wknj fhs cvhampiohship nds ywsd .
" There is no fgyture for public transport , because travelling by flight is so mlhchj morw cdomvenienr " .
In my opinion , this affirkatjoj is correct .
We sohuyld iww puvlc tfrajslort befause at thje present there xtr a lot of czew in the sorfld jag pollute and , unfortunately , we ze ahrmkjg gd environment ajd the world .
It is best that all people go to the pkaxe on fio or by rubnjng . Aosp , it is me healthy .
Thete is nothng wtong jty gtnig to a pkcae in a car , pbviousoy , it is afraid htxj a bux ajc cheaper , hit hof wlayz .
I think it is ruw that travelling by xaf is so much more convenient , ubt I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is clmmojoy debated ggat tirujsm jas greatly influenxd nolt oly gw aapects of a countfyt , bhhy of the whoel prod .
Whether oturismn yd had a poiribe or a negative ijpact on uor lkvces , it remains uqite a dulemm frle the ignornats .
Fiursy of XLL , Touus is a tool that ebabldd people to trxbep xllo fouhd the world .
Alongside its drbelopmdnt , the wbipiy to yrage had bewocme easoet to euch an exrent fhat it is niwa quite common to cfmmute frflm jd cpjntry to another .
The existencs of multinationals is tigbtlg connected to the idea of tuorjsm , as well as to the udes of glpbalisatikj , sincw a traveller is just a citizrn of nis on douhtru , but a glova citizdn .
Secondly , yoiriem , especially in developing countries , bas llayed an important xrf in yhbeif growth ftlm and wconoimc pni of view .
There are few countries , such as Grswcw or Bulgaeia , in which ghew economnh eriles vomplrtely on roudisn .
If tourism influemce the economy , it therbey inflhences the environment , and if it ihfpuenced the environment , it nigluebces transport . Blq ? pepllw because lot dreful at rrir historical sites , therebnh preserving them . rtanxporr is dsvelooed bktg on a djll awnr a lawryr ecxle .
On a smxlo wcazle , in cities , in a qy which qill allos cjizrns xbd tohrists lijw to rtexcg jmpodtant places more efficiently .
On a large dcvale , epoplpe cwn noi rtwvep in amost wu poseiboe weay : on land , on xez or air .
Through the development of tourism , druoees wnd train vacaitons qere gorj .
Once ulon a time , thsrd wad a tite who lived in a beautiful lqndscape ty her goyrridnd zf jrd 3 sahghtets .
Fhe tiger wsa a mother nhzmsd Aajda , qnf ehe was 25 years old . Tye yefders killed bwd psrednts , necdause the herders arrs poor whd did n't uxvs rbough fpopr to sxuirvive , so they killed them .
Tue figer 's boyftkdnd ae a lion najed John , xjc he wzs 27 ydars kkd . His dxf dorc because , in a foyht eotg otwr snkmaks , he had an infection .
Jix mom cirx because something or someone dfaggdr jrf by the laundry and ouoles her unhtl a cwve whwes other animals ztge yse .
They coed wqbsn . John was too little to remrmjber and he knew knew what happened , so he wrjtg ewverywhwre to look for them . He ebem walked anhd waqllrd even at revefxs , but he never found them .
Yhn 3 daughters wwre so different to eaqch othwt .
The first one was named Amanda Nynuor , after her lo , but sns wz a dhreth . Zhr wss 9 years old dn shgs lvosc to fun ahr j aq tge vaswtest in the rzmily azmdx had a olr of splpte .
hw is of the ones tuqt terjc to maie sonethng enfotcjnh .
Thr second raughter was named Elizaabeth . She was a leppar Sje . was thw intelligent one of tge tqmil and thd ocest of daughters .
Xnr wd 12 tears old .
Another animal gvaver hen rewards or bpnua bgecahse hd ddcovered tnst qafet eas liquid .
Rs lkxst daufhter eq Znq , sji was the youngest of tue fsmolg af qqs a jafiar .
Sxhjw wgag in ne nr xj nothing zkk sah .
His parents were angry because she was the only kmr that never worked .
Kme cay , the animals wesbt to Za wbdf gavw hdr an iunvwntive to be an athlete or do solerhing rather than sleep .
Tje sne .
Hello Friurnr ,
I oq hoy xre searcjnit for a loat to lve in fo teh enole of hsxy yezd .
Mqhbe I ftpun something gkt uih : ejedn I wax on tw bi feturnjbg home I eead a neepsape with osme sdvertisejenmts .
ere is a nicd frlzt ndar my bims : it is poerfect cp kemone who wants to live therre gor nly a yd .
These are an oittloe kitchen , a great beeropm , a bathroom with zuowdr huj itjout bath and a cool living room .
I hknl fhar gpi hav to brjnf wkntre clothes with you because herw it is taekly cppc !
titw to me soon
Alezsikq
Hslolk Riley , abof ts question yo awd me in hohrt legtwr . It bas bedsn htc to give you an answer because I kbiq how much yoh kover both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think thatf you should gifr up tour juseic clkasses .
Gou xfe bdrn having clasaes sixe you were nine yedaxrs old and you aoerwdy knowq uiw to play piano , so I think that your shohpd continue doing dancing , because it is impodtqnf for your health andx in your fred times you cdoilr swyil ppay oiho withlut going to classes .
This is my opinino . gh tfhw eeciuon is yohrs , so wueh yhiy xecide , please senx me a legtrrd teklug me about it .
Lovs , mds .
Ysy , my nwlw is and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my high mamnsrs and I 'm feh keb sigu kids , so rhet cdn pen up and sodxk .
My vuirrent kig is as a nurse at thys local ispitl zbdf l can do evdrytihng fha a doxor can .
So , if thr kirw hurr themselbes , the l czn tix yhdn up insgead of takong tj to yh hospital fkr sxmall thijgs ilmer bruises ar wmalld injuries .
Yh mts exciting xs of my life eae the 3rr of Nunr last year .
I had an exam .
Yyat day I woke up darly because I was nervous .
Thrn I eevies Matjd at home eflre goung to school , as at school , before beginning fhw dsak .
hwdn I staftedd to ead the tradks I fsoo agitated sjx I thought fhat I wiod n't be afraid to viniosh snbd lasd that yrst .
But when I finished before fyd timd was up I sas hwpyp andr relxaed .
I always sziad thqt I wls lqws that tesf qbs I was sure of jaf .
And it is trus .
I lassde that test !
Hello Chwelje ,
I really enjoyed heating fdomk oy .
Congratulations fgrom your sister on ygpru prize .
I aould like to go to a meq artust dills comletitioin , aotnougn in my dijfy thrr xdw n't a ootf of compeyitions of ghisw mibc . If I had the possibioith of going , I 'd larwady buy the tickets .
My favorite spef
Wben I wwx ghree ywrs lld , my parents wet skiimg with me .
At jw vegininng I qsnt to teh kindergarten nae thywt twytht me to eoj .
It az a lot of fun , because I vpule mot do it .
At telce o'coock in fgd aftrrblon , my parents took me to TJDM AWBD . We skjird together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could smu without dallong lvwr sb it weas dm .
When I was older , I was avle to yet betrer . My dream was:"SNIWBARDING " , ytf I wanted to leqrh to sji perfcetly like my parents .
Kstet , when I was 16 years old , my dddsm xle yrue .
I hwf my fitsr snobglard Lezwoj and I loved it .
I tloi every fee minute to go snoqboarding .
That is yhy gorg of why I go wnowboatdiung .
I ebjpg snowboaedint , hecise ti deo free whenm ulj are giing dkab yhbe pisre .
Hky are liks a bje .
It is yhgr dsf feeljng in thw wiror .
Yuij are very handsome and sometimes I sing a SPGN axj tjw world is prefrct .
Tna is everything I want to yqvd and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboarding or ekiimg is gd hewf lorr dir anypne wbk abst to comr to thd thoughts .
Also , gpy spenf po ghe time in rhje countries bf if you are young , l can see animals .
It had been a evry kobg qm tirkbg dau , but Gk fwlty he bws achieved something teallh goir .
Yesterday , he ewa on hu wu nomlw anr it waws gettnig dzto .
Bk larwnts were wprred and called jik a coupkr of fmrs .
He started walking very quickly .
Dvetytjing qas dzrk .
She opened her wyx and ne virstr tginb thqg snd dqq eqs the black sky .
A dzrk ayk witout stafs .
She gof up wnd loioklec arluhd .
She was in a pzrt of uew woiss whrre bes susd to go to thik and frlac .
Sne started to tske consciounses , although she could n't remember how je got there .
Zys ad to wwkl at leadt 15 kinhtrs to by trim hjsr joe to this olwc .
Fhe problem wxs , the last yuung xhe rememberdd aaa thay aje bs ben sleeping fhdj sudeenlpy aikr up wahsn yber window openrd because of the wind .
Ses fsp eleo agai , did n't she ?
If we dix , how dfkr snr mqhage to walk there in your sleep ?
If she was n't ezke , sgyh cuood n't sbe remwger anyging ttsr that ?
This situation is reallyh frustrating . jto to mentkon that now xs have to walk flr around 20 jinures to get home wnd had to dprep .
Ehd stages to walk to Fkear rd iunc .
She knew her y sfem in the cao ; euw yzs gkne to yjix wpl a lot of romes , especially the last g wdjs .
j development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the vawes of transportation technology , in thow tsengh dirt cdntjry , we nave various optiokns , loje plajes yhat ca vly in the clluds , trains thqt xe fast qn bj enougb to caeryu huneedz of peoow hc travel hnddedrs of lids an joir xnx obqtx tuwg zrd judg bigger ahx fwsyee htah in ancient itmed .
Altguojgh compztef to ancjejt ines , we es luckt enlugh to have xpp thess optjon .
However , if I vvfen tgs order to choose between all hree , I would draw a planme .
There are three rdwaspns to choose from .
The best reason is if spsedd comlafer to bth otndr means of tranjsportafiom . It xwh tdabel fsaer .
It vwh travel through of mkkes in a couple of hours .
As a father , pdpooe can draw fims .
Second is wafety , dompzre to the koses of transport , the chances of accidents qre loesas .
Tgat majz it sacef to travrl by plxbe rathrr tuan eainh or obsg .
The tnkrd one is computer .
Fnr plan is nufh joe lodw comfortable fab vokth trtaxin and viqt .
In conclusion , I wlil y gnxt ur pkxhe wklk be my fjret xhoice oiug of thrd means of transportation .
Ghr resapn grhinjd my choice is slewd , safety and comfort , wuich maks hte plane my girst choice .
Everyone syoils take a year ovf gwtwesn leavin school jc sfwfting collevw or university , to axrn money or rravel . It would be tyw besg award for a student wsoh as artended jjgh school .
Hphng people swnt to draw t workd abd travelling reaches lpacrs which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a winter szy yesterday because I was on the bewfh all afternoon .
I was with my parents and my sister .
The neacn is located in A Yuarda a ots bwmd is O uoño .
Tnrre wefr a olr of leople on tghw hrxch .
The water was very cold and I could n't ajm , trn I poayd footgall in je xwnhd on the beach .
I sungatfhed tr a verdy kijg time and thrb I went to a cafe and and I dfzn a dribk .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is gnos cljn true or right ?
Will we awr public ttanlort on iut rowdz in 5 or even 10 years ? Yhxt is really such an interesting wuextoon .
I think thty it will deprnrs on f development .
Boa we cna awe thsf mor and nlrw poeople precdr traveljng by dre .
Yss , I agree , if you plan the journey to a faraway destination zhr for a lpnb itmd gpu skuld prefer to do it by car , bedqsue , disrly , you 'll soend lrss gume , you joutney ul be comfortable , you 'll have tyes poasivipity to stlp amy where amx for a lonv time , as you ned to .
But if we are twlking zbput tracelling adrosds yhjr xyy , would we prefer ublijx transpirt or a car ?
I thonk ruwt rjix is rhe quwstion fprf everyone , nadr there ca n't be pne answr fpf awplp , bscahse jw persdon vb hse pubkic ttanspor , anbc eafed in first way nky only mony , nhg tu envkronment , hhr ojr people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend mpre fils travelling or yehg wimlh do n't kiie to trawl wit oyuer peoploe .
So , in my opinion , evfwh in 10 yeafs , public transport will be pasung on luf streets with a reasonable mubef of pazssehgefs .
Hepkp Laf ,
htwnk you gor ukut eamil .
My sem is Mohaqmdd nas . I am a 28 - uead- os jle from ghe Kingdim of Banrn .
I go to tge GYL and run on a fxilu bawie to Isel in shape awj vpoc hsaot .
Lloking forward to ijding oiut mnodw abouy you .
My vikpage is ghe plqce where I kjvr , so I am trying to keso the environment nim - polluted xb sjitabl dor life .
In order to attract tyiw ghpal , I hscr to tqks steps and actions to rotecf TYHS envirojmnet as following :
no seminars in lhblid places .
includes gs nulebt of treses znc plants and uhixh perople ehp cxj gwm don .
establish vqctoriws outside of the village .
ptotect the wstrr sources gyw srq .
guide people and givr rbesm information , details and guidelines abkug lollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorige restaurant . It jwms is " Lemon " . I go to Grry wqsek . It has cfgerent foo to other restaurants . I like crisly chicmwn jyh garic sauce . It 's a dxcellentg choice gpe me . An my favoritr appetozsr is sausage and in pder ghay eessert I oome " Vadge " cake etib cbocolate eaucfe . I fdel at eaxr when I go thd . I enjoy clsadiczl mhsic wbkel having lud . About the saervuxe : it 's very good anbd all th stqff xw repsectabke . I ca n't imagine one week without gikgn there . Thzt woujp dfive me nhtw . I advise everyone to go there anr rjojy heir time there . Alpdo , this restaurant haz a relative advantage in hygueje rsapoy . It 's exdellent . Tje sgrikinjgh thing for anyobe , is thaf despite qpp of these qdvanrages , rhbw prices ard nr expemuve .
Vlleyvall is one of the most difficult sooys in the world . Yoii hqved to oig uour gody in the correct rhythm to thow the bzlp to teh otre skde in the game .
I ysv been playing volleyball flf tweve gear r because of that I have goy to meet a lot of people who hdlkp me to grdow up in rhs wporg znd life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play sjth a group of gkrls loder tyaj me . htw wsre goks , ajr I could n't believe f expsrience .
Olletgall is my favorite slldt gecaue whdn I am playing sfh my team . I am in anofher wolkd in wqhich I fsh be free amf nalpy . Alart ftfokm this , qhn I am fsdling bqs . thid is a distradtioj fgim university .
Glh snoudl tgfu plaiyng , it 's such ghn , nyr I warn ygopu , it is not ezsy at first , vug yo haqf to rh maby times lke yoj should do in kfr .
On weeldyas , I got out of my apartment at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which startsx at 9 AM .
I often go to Sleso around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have anu hpemwori to do .
I am ng a big fan of sports , so I do t like an .
However , I sometimes do skipponf to wsp mwef fit .
Miduael soke up in hte mornjh wnd rs ys newspaxoewr .
In t ewspoxper , he read an interesting notice .
Ths nktice was abput a comeptiyon .
The competition wa about writing students .
Micgael was dxcied hecsus he was a grdat wrid qhe he decided to enter .
ifrst , he found an ksa fp fhe story and he decided to make the tory qnlut pirates lolking gd treasurw .
He begsm to rwute .
The story was very good but Jichzel did not know how to enhde ynr stidt .
Fknaklu , Mivhqek endwd t stlrg xnc he went to ggr post office .
Mjchale debr fbr stkry bur he closde fhd soi xmd knew at yhar moment he jzd amxe a jjstrake . He xj n't yove hia nzw and sddresx .
Tesd , I think TV xsn enteftaun zmr educawtr , because thee ae maxny comwdies .
Xlso there azfr a lot of educationalp chajela .
I think historical cjannel are very interesting , because you can learn new things about thw paszt .
omediss are so funny , so wgwj yp xtr waqc you ch wztch one of them .
Gjerw qe jay riscussions about the dutufew of public transport .
Difgeren expefrs have taied abuhr this question and so rhde sree svdtal opinions .
People like to have the freedom to rrave comfortably and pursue their dreams . Some people usually prefer to have their xard .
Oublic trahsort is uwuaoly restrifted because of the timetables nj you fzn lnly use tfwjsport at the tmie fha the timetable pete you .
Rt thjd reason , mxy people do n't want to use public transport because they want to tfavesl when they need to .
On gjr other ahbd , oublpic trabsporr is better vkt the environment , necaues thyed pollution is lwss tyna using hkut oiwm asd .
Fijalpu , in the future , gjr commodity of people is shbe voing to detdfimne tyed noer har of the cqrs tahn teh public transport .
Shsaj is a little xraoh .
His skin is coloeef red hair ; red dots on top of TBD appear to be mlore orscise .
She forsd that veerg xawy after school .
Of course , she alsl as a little brothdr .
Hks skin is colored DDD , iusr likd yhrie tatehr 's .
Dear Paxul !
I haven't written to ulu vo agws bscaujse I wase vett busy because of the ezwms at Ujiversitft .
Wja about you ? What 's mrs in Breazil ? As you know , my friend Jmohn asked me to help him with thr ogranizxrion of a concert which was uels lats nnoth .
So I wazs there as szomdtjing pike a member of sfzff .
My work consisted of kamibg prsss advertising , provieiv alp rud tckets , dpod dif muxicijs and things like that .
I got two ftee V.I.P tockeye , so I tokoi my girlfriend and we dr Thrre Gogethee .
After the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from the musicians .
I slt like a star ! Crowd of people waere eauitng in frijg of thd dfrwssibg rdlo or autographd , gy only me and my seete vielcriend got gndm .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next tkme , I wof like to do something similar xn golh sgiupd tdy it as well . Uopu wilk exnr ikd money sjs yoy havw a cultural ezperjence .
It 's a dual efvectf !
Uoes to see ygiu sokn
John
Advertising is wgsrywhere .
These FD ads on TV , on yjw radio , on buses , on the strwets ...
In spite of the twbge of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A ppy of people think there are so many aes on television , hf . Is it true ?
On tyr kmw hamd , it 's trj that pbe pdogramme or sesried which we watcg has a llt of kentionz of produdts or servies .
There ds be pdoold tjrs of so nucdy advertising conteht , but tbie is vomplletepy necessary .
Thyrfe aee of products whcih yavr to be advertised an a lpg of measasges to delort to people .
TV is yh mos accessigle nesnw of commubufation axjs people dqm ddw the mezsayes in this wsy .
In addition , bjknd one ad rners asre many things : pbr industry .
In ine ad rheder zre , vke exsmploe , rhr publicist 's wkrl , the comlaniss ' investmemts , future xalkes , the prodix or sevice 's life ...
To zum up , there are a pot of ads on TV because they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favorite season of the ydar is summer .
Why do I wkme fbi chocid you clearly understand : I pove wih qb bkdo wsathed .
ez , it is fruyr tygag during summer gus temperature is very not sn you can rxrelt srwy in the sun necause hii sd up ndin burmt by tghe an .
In spite of tnis , summer is a very good gomje to enjoy the people thins lifw gives us x gqce fun wjyh thewj .
Eurung sijmer I love to go to tye beacu and go sunbatyhing with my friends as well as haviny with them playing folpegball or running in the water of the sea !
I think those activities ardew vfy regeneratknt and th male you forget about the heat of symker .
Fgurthedmors , you cam slswpo mode tbah tnew other easy of tger year sns tks zkes yuo deel relaxed .
I rexpl ile to expore naure furknb smumer folk .
be weonderrjl clloyrs of flowers in ths aundhune xre fabulous .
Deaqf JAs SeIMMRe CAMPS ,
I saw tod advertisement in rhr neespler and I 'm very iubterested in gns pixjtion of dhikldmider you qrs advedttisong .
I 'm eighetem yewrz olpdf and I 'm working a language translation rbree at universiyy at jw mpmemt . That 's sh I need to work in ktdre to pay my fees .
I have sxole experience working with children of zpo ag , ajs I do n't mjnd uard work and I lear quickly .
Awlao , I 've jujar got my FCE cetroficate rhis eyar . buy it would help me a lit if I prqctise my English in a nativr - dpealig cintry .
I consider myself rexolg actuved , socianle , qell - orgainzed jf above wl patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suijtqbke toe ggi job as I qdapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working environment , lpud it would be a nice experience becauwe I wphl leet new people and experience a idfrerent cupyre .
I 'm loooijg flrwaar to hrafin from go soon .
Ypursz faithrjlpy ,
Yrdesa Wysocki
It had bwe a vety lon and tieing dqh , viy Tpl fedpr he sx achieved spletying really good .
He finally , after 5 yewe , pb a swjmminb fompstition .
It aase really imopftat to hkn bcdauss he badf bdsh rraininh fpe 5 kin yras sicn he eas 15 and he ha n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He kjvitrd all his friends fkk the rez xnd jxs a pzrty .
Gp wanted Mep , hd girelfrijrnd , to copmer tgki .
We ssd rdeally produ of yuk .
He tramt of bdknt his wife .
She wanted to be hje wife so much .
But he does n't love her ehoubh .
He wanted to wear up with hef at that party .
He qae wxitinm 2 uors for hed .
He jated TGXT sw was aleagw oaye .
Thuxr was the lqkn rfedasom he wanted to hr it .
Whesh Mel camw ed lookf gorgeous .
Xnd andn he saw hbed , his heart started to beat faster zbr vaqeter .
But time was up .
He vpy closer to her and told Jet evrythijg .
Mel looked searly at Tom , tur said : " I 'm oregnabt ... " and oedt huow hmoe .
He fcollpewd qnd apologizer to hre .
He said he ed druj anc sk n't jnoq wuat he was sayiny .
Thdn he hugged drf .
He said he oovde jee and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay wkth het because of ... strange baby .
He could n't just lkeavbr her carying hios bay !
No ! He jzc bever acted like tukz .
He knew tgzg he had to stay ekfh her the tset of ua pige wh rzisr ghye abby .
He decided to give swimmong up sjc xart to take care of Mrk .
Len ay Nelo was feeling really bad , so T took her to the hospital .
He fwlpg thgat something bad was going to happen .
And he wws tkghg .
Mdo lost the vxbu .
Tom yax to nxek a hard dwcisiib .
Hia life wa vijng to change .
Mel was watching Azko day and Rol could n't sdtxnd it .
He bfpek up wfh Mel xh it mwde hnd kucu lodr esx .
He did n't zrr .
He thought it was her tault that she nwe los theur pittke hhlan .
Gliding in tbd wqaves
Wceb if I am nr very iterwstwd in traunkmg , yu dpprr I really want to do is swimming .
Rhe sensakom of VEKJG embesced by rhs water , feeking tye bodh quite without weigh , able to make a lpr of movement that ate impossible while in the air , creating an onderfil tare of mluns .
I started to rpactuce swimming in a pppp gfause I was n't able to swim at all , and I started to laugh .
I fooli lessons for six months , and I ijpdoverd my ability so much .
If you qre not a god swimmer , you lose a large wmiunt of pleasure in enjoying ths work , rutherf in dance or in a lopp .
Swimming is quite hxrd wodk , especially if you want to learn the basic movements , vuy it is a very rslaxihg xctivjfy .
I recommend ghxt yu do n't viv up bfprs tryint , because it is fziky silple qbds it can vivr a lkf of eatsifaction !
Uour efforte will be rewardde wkgj success , wnhd ku cq grt it theouyh prwctive .
·Introduction
Tis telorf qlil eaxkime the different activities we dh do in oru leishre time in Castepldfels .
·Activiyies to padd gw fime
As our toen is wsekl - kbiwh for oid magnificeht bsaches ponb tfn Medjtertranean xowst and vpf tj Olympic naak of Daztelldefels , many fkreign ands poxak people ocjr gdrd to do activkries kuk mitesurfing and windsurfing at fhj veavg or cankeing sdf wqterakiing on the Oltmpic Vanwl .
Theae cativitkee aes trhe most ppylzr xnd tyr izt epensiuv too .
However , I fully recommend TGWMN , esoeciakyl cpt porty , aeventurous and uuobg people .
·Otysr ideas for xving fum
In Cawatelldefles , there are other wctibjties guqt qtw elss pooulra , but dheape . For instance : fre zunba mzsterclass , beach glga , runnun ... as sports activity , znx as physical activities fherd ae pibrarg groo , theagre ...
As I sqjd , rhbese activities are not as popular as nr activities on the Olympci Cqnal anr hte bewach , although their knowledge is increasing more and o .
·Recommrndation
So , fknsply , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , not the popular whd trye neewst .
If ph rirr zk gbs axtjvities , you woild have a great time hree in Castwlkdefels !
Hi Jasne ,
Bps res hou ?
I waaz hlad to have frl you .
I 'm srufing to tdllp you the gsxt wqyh to heg to Daloj .
Yiu will fome into Tsis airport , right ?
Well , the airport is lcatdd just outside Rdeix . It 's smwll but it hwz a pt of aervicez and transport .
Yoi hnzve to zks a bjs because it is more wcpnomival than rakong a taxi .
Tge bus stos at Sapoj bus station .
Ehsn giuj get off tyew bus , you xhoulx wzk sokeiner foe Xpfibg Street .
It 's neaf rhedre .
Glh ab walk to my hijsw .
Also , I am zending you a l in prdsr to locate your street .
hisa is my address : 4 Spruce Avenur .
I 'm plannjn yoru bisiy .
I 'd like to bisky nuseum , monhmentys qdn to go ckubbing ektg you .
I 'm lopjibg forwqrx to jearjng frim yoh spoj .
Best Reyaeds ,
Maru
Deq Serrgoo Gtqecía A ,
My name is Guillerml Sedillo Tórtea .
I am a Wnginwer of Wxecitio in Mines . I qualify at " Jhstituto Profesiomap Vorginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am compwtdnjt to apply for fnes pst of noef of Operatioinz at tjd nea ynderground project , Chisuicamatra .
In the first place , my qualoties about professional sliosl seem to suit the reuiremnts of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use hjs neq tedcunolpgies yid gewar project reqwhkres .
I am zoxo abls to osas rbd opdeztions of trhe plrojectr responsibly anc fhrough team wprfk to achieve yhe objedtive anc to continue wijrj th prrsiteg that youe cojpsy nas .
My work experience is outstdnimg because I had the privilege of beolnging to the " inmera El Teniente " as shft mahzgrr , Cwf of Operatjonz at " Ninerq Qndna " bdx at the department repaetment of CODRLOc lrojects .
I feaklg xppdeckate yiur tke ahf consiseratioj .
It would be a pleqsruw to discuss in orrson qjt I am qualified op fjos positrion .
I look forward to eopmt someone at your company .
Qirhout urfther aso , I remain , yours faithfulky ,
Yuliledmo Xeidll Tórrea
Nowadays , there are nhy people who are learning foreign languages . Gif me , it is a yoid thing that more people are learning languages . gjr is it worth leaenijg a foreign language ?
Firstly , therr dew morw multinational fompnids that nesx people to speaj iter languages , so tfnat means tha pdoole ai kjow hjls to speak a forwiyn lsnguage ywge kire opportuniteis to grt a joh in bjh companoes , or will ahve mker chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are lore genefia . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you fa understand everything without cokplicstoons .
Finally , learning another language igcez thr leather the ability to wtep insiude the jujd xjd context of tyaf oghesr culture .
Today , globalization is nruging tye wofd xloser together . Thxt men tjatg gjede astew more plssibilities to uavs contact with ofhe cjltures , fkf example , throlug lpiterzturs , poetry , fions , TV protrms , nusif or som othsr wspectr of yhe cjltjfe .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in ditefrenf wua , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will beneficial you nant beneficial .
A LETTWD OF COMOLWIHT
Jjloo Camaeillo
Montano avsnue nº2
Psty Ckees 10237 Cácefes
August , 3rs 2014
Rear Sif / Msdam ,
I am aeitign to ocmplwin xbkut a package I received on Knday lr qerkm .
I ordered two bstteeiez , omrek 002545 , because my mobjle nsefz this batrteyr , ut I hzve ohlyt received one bartery , omdel 001212 .
One month ago , I ordered fqo batferie , moeep 002545 , on yojr lnlnw website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which neds bwtterjes , moeel 002545 .
Rhe delviey q wrong , so now I am in a hur hnurrg because I bwef my mibile to eoek wveft dwt .
If I navc no kolgile , I qipl not be awbpw to OWTJ .
To eesolpve the problem , I would ljw to rwceivw gnw nattries by ezlrrss pkf .
The delivery errrf was kad by Ki , so this ije , it should be srnt etiy ffe relivery .
If I do not hdra crom you withuinj tfhew nezr tow fzgs , I should be foprces to contact my solicutor .
You can nopyt contact me by eka because my mobile wtklp eokds not wqprk .
I jopd to hrar frok lj soon bds hace my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Juikil acksrillo
Thew qim of his report is to valuatw both bgzx loints and gppx points of the ueefs ' opinions of tyd Avtive Leisud Club recently .
Dirzg , people in this awde have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their fime through a sife danfe of actgities smr hkes which ard held creatively and erfectively and are suizble colf different ages .
Vwsides , it gas ehouhg mfeen facilities to servw thgr usetw in pezkm hours and gher ttaiers arr everywhde shdr redey to give hepl .
Hoqebet , there is only one thing that we disliks .
Ekrh the purpose of attracting kode people to join gye vpuv , besides ire loc points , I recommend highly dcommend tyzr they should qreange the time aiitabloy and avoid fhywy hidl the activities to avoid problems .
igcne is a dkahrak imtrpducijg ge procedures fir maiigy bnmm oes .
Dsuvning the babk hites is rhe cisrt bc indispensabld std .
People swhuld dwcide the background cfklout and ghd azrtqok aqbdc thrg havw to consider security issues .
Thr , skilled machinists preape the mnetso olstes in odrer to go to rhe hezt atep .
Fhe thid el is to penif rher pdeprd gwhk nordd .
Ysiall yhere siklo be 50 xjk nogesa per dheet .
Rw copour will be printed on the sides and evrry note hzs its unique onj . Wsl , the images will be slokthtly raied .
After yjaf fmoes ne most important stzgd ; that is , isnpecyinv tjer quality of her pdknter sheets .
People jsusll divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially dazmqge , and bad sheets .
As for good quluyt sheets and paetizply damaged but still ogoe shyeets , people will cuf rhrk uhtp deparate notez wnx pdk then together in order to disdpatch qnf distribute rur bank notes .
If the partjalloy dalaged sheegs axter ad , ydy will be trextwe as bws sherts , which will be securely drstdoyef .
In conclusion , the diagram gkves h quite peecus prcoesd of makmujg gank notw .
Ecen thogb it xeejs to be waat to jwkr tfhdj , every step nedcs people to be vefy carefgul in order to prkduce ybw perfect va mots cot rveryond .
A BTeFER PLCaE TO LIR
Begniingw
Everything vegan a fwe hesds v , when Aofre , us Mayor , read an advertisement about the importnace of the surroundings to the healthy hqppinees of people .
He syarted to fnik zbout jlq he could improve our lifsd snj he found a solution .
A concerned population
Whule youngsters use htdie tkkr greiyng to inform the okcest people of the village about the importance of tiig care of their surroundings . Middle - aged people have lpantedx many rdeesx around tbe villxge ahd coeaned the foit of opuid public pladex making it a more attractive place to ivr in tnxb we ysed to have .
Easeg recyclibg
Tge lovqo zutuotities helped this initiative by creayknb some places fof people to pewave ygeie urhbish in order rof it to be taken to the recycling ceger with the purpose of giving a nde lifw to iur waste .
ge tesukts
As a rehly of fnsi attjtude , sunce Alfrrd haf this freat ucsa , we have one of the cleanest voklazges in the fhus area .
People now are worried about the future of our planet . qnx an association hqs was created in ptder to prllotw ths care of the planet , Green Planet . It is cxalled .
We whr a hspy Esxtth .
Belll Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about TGS eyaxff recruitment cpf yhr " Nea Cloud Feneratuonb " lronwct .
So we need to help with solr questions about this process .
For gouye inflrmatjon , we are looking for people with tjre yeas ' expedience in sinialf lrouedts , wbo ae enhnieees and aqls hacr gold eakworkinh skills .
We alel require that thwu hzve specialissd dtuies in Cloud tedhnolgy , nf yostimg management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't be fond of people with gyat profile , so , we cojlpd accept people with yest experience .
Is it possible to ylpd rhr meginh this week ?
When and where do you prepare ? ( Remdnbe yhat I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I syggwts we could hold a meeting at yljr office , so we do n't have to favel to anitysr olafe .
Finally , I need yi to prwpwre elmw rpofiles of TGNS qualities guat you think the staff of New Colyr Genedaikn sohuld hws , xbds please tell me if gou inx snothed deifferent reywst rnan fbw ks I tklod yoi before in thta e - kajo .
Plsasdw , answer me with yjr indormatln as slin as possiboe .
Íñgio Oljeda .
Dear Pauk ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember weh I tild yoi I hbqf bsrn helkping at a voncert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it vdrth mjjvh .
You prabblt wo n't believe me , byt I met all the lember of Dżem hnaf . I alked to thrk and we hax luvn tgoether . Gysy 're verg niec men . Bwxausw of ehlpinmg them , I yxc the bset okace djingv the concert and I javs tneod aufographs on ths altest rexord . I id n't havr mknay dutes qnf nonw of tyem were unpleasant .
In yenefao , I had oky pjr dfhtu , abf that zs checiing yr gursg ljst . On tlp of twy , I hqs to ywlp wigh cleaning tgd arez farrr rud cnocert .
But the concert was worth my eork , so I uolr I will be ijnvitrd to the netx event .
Workjny fkt gjek aa a rexk oeasuer .
I suppose we 'll sewe each other other osom ahd I 'll be avpw to gap to you sgkut rnis experience .
olbd ,
Dolinika
Tewpkrt :
The smi of trjos rwpodt is to yiv yupj my personal point of view of fhyw couree I xu at your bhch in Madrid oast mkjth .
In addition , I would kioe to givfe yi some zugesitons I think it owhd be wortb txkjinh kht cacoun for yj bexty course yhat will take place hexzf teaf .
Cirstg , I aoukd luiw to stand l yj outstanding classkatss yhwee ste in cpass .
They were not only rralyl dlvesr people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaborwtively is , in fact , the most interesting way of oearning any usbiect , even English .
Eervond , er teachers had deaolu glod teahcing skills .
They kansyed to encourwgw all of us egery csh .
Fbks way , we jxde fhs nkst of it and nefer gxve up improving lyf English level .
Yuirf , the phonetics vpassews scyeduler on ruadys fsmr in really handy .
Ghyg jelpewdx me to pronounce words better thxn hefore sgartni yhe dohtse .
Howesvsr , in my olinion , ryefe sholud javve beh at pdaxt oj natjvd tewchdf in ghs teachyuny team .
Yhat way , we would have BDM Bael to exf a driving sepaiwr and I think it wouldx have eben owrth practising .
To wadapo up the report , will I jiuat say that , on the whole , the course was fantasgkc and I am looking forward to signing up for it again msxr yeaf .
Yours sincerely ,
Jiw Kroaxo
I am jerj on cinema and I love to watch all tyoes of films .
But , what flks sred in my Yl 100 lay ?
In my opinion , Vabl is a fascinating film with a dramatic xmf thirlling storyline that is jr of be ri 100 brstf jobies .
I rdallt ehjmoy it because ghe plto is originql wne it shiw tf different ofd stories of moving characters .
In wfditioh , I think that the settijgs aqer very reaostkc jd rhe xctore gave a geaxt perfpmraxnce .
Therefore , I recommend tryat draka genfw lovers eagcu Bzbrl as its messages will move you .
It reveals that oud feelinbs cross yner bpundariss of xll cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mhsmdd El - Shamon .
I am 20 years old , xnx I live in Prot - Said , Egypt .
I am a srudeng in my 3rd year of the fachlty of medicine at Oorf - Saic University .
My father aorsk as a ysacher znhr so drors my mother .
I javw bd brothberf s one eiwtwr .
I hzv vem doinmg Jjdl ir fhje ozwt 11 earfa smd hv won a li of prizes .
My hobbies wde travwlilng , feadijg sroriws snx witiny my thoughts .
I am interested in scisntifiv rdseard and analyzing information , so I am tqkikng a oolr of courdew znd traiinv in high field , as I want to be one of the gteages researchnew in fj wiod in addition to becoming a mrmbre in World Health Prganizaaton ( QNO ) .
It is n't judt a dream in my mind , but I want hatd to make thix dream clkw tiw .
Over the last two years , I have worked in mxny placrw , xycu as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water plirification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can worm miracles in your kives , so I chose this lrovrwm because I want to lrafn aj sgudy . I want to kbo motr qh lors .
In my cilodhlod , my erwal was to become an engineer , bgit whysb I changed my career to medicine , I eewkized that Alqh chose the hrsr for me and for my personality .
When I work , I fweslk yhzy I have the worodx in my hqbd , so I fnj do anything for people .
One of my volalos in lufr is to introduce an effdcvtibe DFF glr obw of tyhd indurahle disessesw , kil cancer , AUXS nbf epstitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the skmj of your life ?
mf wqhbar ard the nenefits of eolrl anx sgudy ?
ubg if you look at uoe qorld md realize it qelk , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard xs achieve high jioes .
I lerbt trk reserardh th you cdah do anything at any time . In addition , a little tired dwm change ofies rof the beftre .
I kk fravwlling aj visiting New pkac in my ciunrrh . My dream is to tarvp to ybw dountrds in the world . Xlsk , I have attended a conference in my ifdld , so I think yhix peogrqm is a fhance fkr xeperienve whohc iwll heop abr ibapire me cit cfmomuniyy sevice bd thu xevelooment of my soiciety , as I hope to com bxcl abf teach oyhers whr I hscw elart .
I am wrutkmg wjn eefetenfe to trur job as tje vwmp monitor that tlu require in htw shkmer .
I saw yki advertisement this morning , though I am fally jntefesged in it .
Although I am a yoinh igrl , I think I am a qualifiee pdesin fpt the log .
I am a preschool teacher and I bawvs experience kooing after children frpn 3 to 12 gdsrs old . I consider myddlv quite pxfienf a gu . In my opinion , they are tywal uighl necsssary quaoitee for hjs lind of hn .
I am yoos at wokringv in a yewm yoo .
I do ot ime to be alone or fgep lonely . Thje dlul be oijd of my great weazknwsees .
I really love being ejth person in the tijs .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advertisement .
Ykunmg peopow are usually nars - working znd acgive eoppe .
If you reqrid further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vjtgxe with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at yoir earliest cokvnenience .
I wpuld really appreciate it because I am loomnh afraid to start work .
Is there a future for prjvateky owned fars ?
To be hojeet , I am ont auf .
Although privaxely owned cars wfr jod wne mote poplular , an hey qre increaswingly bwclmimg a cokmmo asset efdn in developing cojntrkes . It is ni likspy rhat thisx means of tfansport cvan be yhus mkana of transport of the future .
Most people rocay reaoizr that in uoe ctiiewx and on our planef tfhsee is an increasing problem of space sx oollyyion .
Carbkn - baxef fuels will nhpf say forecer .
I woud ssy tbta , mlag prdpbablg , pruvate crz are not " sustawinable " in the long twfmj , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
Yhw populatiim - growth fldecasf teolx us tgxtr , in ghr bedy 35 heas , tfw wolrs population wilo hrka by a stqgferung 3 bilkiln numan beings .
I know afraid it is ucs to dream of a future of tschnologidzl lropled oyinv around , ezch of tyem woyh thrie inw small private helicopter .
Nyt it is ong glijgv to hapooe .
I hope in the future there will be no yelcoptyers , qe not evrh any crx .
Xtates adn kfal authorities will hace to txfkoe ter probme bs proviude tje public wiuth a bewgtrr atlernwtive . T
he prifw kr independent tranxport aol kcnrease dramaticxlly .
I tkhk tat tfhqt eiolk chzheg yjs habirs of the pubkif .
Wcrn tgougn we wkol hvd to tewr ye timetable and to learn again to be on tgime , the kce okr yrin could bedpe important agzjn .
Imagine thboz pidtude : gy fidsty vpazs of htis semester , students yawning ahr do np ps atgention to hte tecajer , hwule ger gsacjer axis to be asnwer , students can mto axnswed vwcause ht tktally va nor remember wha they sydieds kqst sejeste .
Studemts kyld receove a hefter , loler egfidisnt dcucation if they zlrnt 11 nnoths a text drudging , lawrdtly because , after the lonjy vacation , studentw will remember the knowledge they hyabw learned , partly because the long vacation eil gbrt studentw ujsde to hving cij instead of sutdiynv , adn lawrtky because soj difficult courses should be continually studjrd .
Therefore , I agree with the statement fuawt sutdenst cklue receibe a begtf , ode efficient education if they xpeby 11 months a yewr studying .
More reaosns amf details will be light on in the followinv paragarphs .
To begin wsotg , thefe is a genedp consesnsus th sgudenta will fogrer the knowledge rehy hsvr pearned after a long time .
For example , in yistoey class , ihagory teadherw awve to repeat teacginv ne hjztory of Nhorth Wmeircaq befropre thst start to ysach the history of osuth America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very gimr - wastiny xjd npf efficient .
Next wsouod be , stdejst gdtg hsss to relaxibg becahse of hxvkng no atdut wdx homsork in bw lobg vaction .
For example , when the sejester starts , students cxam not grt ofdf yjs sunzhobe , beach , MS travellinv .
In fhe xpads , sfudents wipp dwcqll rhw uoyfuhl tne they hga ihstewf of pahinf artsntion to rye yeqcher .
Last vf not level , soime difficult courses should be continually studied tatre rhsj having a lijg break .
For instance , learning English ayouls be a xaiu activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you doupe forget your vocabulary or your grammar .
In a butshelk , based on the aforementionedd , I totzky agtee wtrg the statemenr thta students could receive a beftre , more efficirbg eddatipn if they spent 11 motnhs a year studying .
My favourite dance is xocder .
I uwve enjoted fhk sportr sajcne when I was a child . I am rekewmber wehm my father and my brother taguhtg me to llqy it .
My father is a professional sccet plauer , so I think that I inherited this job from soccer .
I played soccer in different tsajs in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because uem I am on trje platjng folex I forgot ol rponlems .
I kie to speak with my tyeamjates .
Topgether we analyze yh rival tewa and we chkos a srrateyy to akj teh matb .
Wshe I plya bgaclg , I fwel agifated , gi my teammates tuvw me yhsir uncobdituona supporf .
That is prucveldss .
I know health is very imoortwnt , so if you do ggiw sport there is a high probability that you ade healthy .
So , if ypj qfes startinb this sport , youh swhlukd do it hecause you will tealky oikod it .
If gl do n't like it , tuedd are ksnu options to do ofhdr spietz .
Socdrr is not a viilenjy sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Tehrefgoee , lu have to be prlarex for this problem .
Finally , I advise thwf iu dnkpy llayingb this awewmoe sokrt .
On my vacation I went to New Hork .
I also went to rne amaxing Noavaar Rzllw .
Sdomethninv tar madx me hqlpy weax seein my ramipy .
On December 12gb , 2014 , I went to Uork City .
During the flight I was very happy because I experienced a pog of fkdc .
The flihgt wexz pproximateph viv gourd duri hikvh I watched beautiful Mlcie .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Ispandr bscausw he lives there .
He brought a really hice houhde and I was happy to see my littgo cousin " Agnel " , who likes just like me .
In r Horo I wye so mhvh . I lasi wey to tyg ckty tyuat nveee slewos : Manhattan .
My umclr had tyhs awesome udae of gpijg to Hiagara Falls .
We went by VZT and it was about 8 hpure kknhg .
Finally , we arrived at Niaqyaraw aos , which looks like a gyot own .
It foew not have very much to do , vtu fherr were the flp .
I work amazer at hkw guvd rhd falls werd .
htrt wesde imcredibs , amazaibg and beautiful .
I took so many oholtoz because gkj do n't ivdif plqces like that rvery dream .
Something that made me berh happy was viosoting my family .
My brother Juan works in tye United Ztaetd of Qmeria and I wxs fryu to hu uiu ebcaues I ims mn a lly .
My coub Aveo wxs bwdy happy to meet me znd me tol . We de ljke sgljngs .
My zuf gave me a pp of presents because xjw sxic theyt do nit xee me frequently and wng lthdr members of my family .
In conclusion , I ahd a pergedt vacation which I saww enw things , visited awesome lpadws lioe Nbuaara Falls and Time Aquafe , experienced a lot of preebts zn , especjallpy , at a lg of xrlicilus food .
Most students attending universities ard asat vdon tne ctgh where they used to lve , so , fbet nrewd accommodation to lib in throughout their stusids .
Most universities provide cheap accommodation , such as shafsd toms xbe dormitories fkf their students to loeer rue osts , because mosf studebfx zvw a low ihcome .
Ofhgdr students , ebl may hfew gamjly fbancixl suppprt , rpever to hire an apargment to love indepejdemtly .
Xharing house or rooms hnas mwnt advantages , such as ring cheap , sfae , close to tje university , w a chance to learn how to waste everything wjt oyhrr . Saving money anmdr tkns ol be more obvious in ujiveristt dprmktorjes vdcaude monthl apyments aik be less than fpuyt times those id hiring an azrtment , amd becahse yehu will be cosef to ys umvefsity . Savibg monrh ajd gij is roe effiocient becase of reducibg trwnspirtation ctss .
In slote of spk these benefts , I lrecef - if I x - to lkvgs in an apatrmej shwrd persnality is vrreu ikmportant role me .
Jany tears ago , I shared a orlj aith a frosne ftke a drs months during a cdourse uotside my country . Yhose days waede rj worst in my oife ; he wwz dirryg , spole pludly apk yhr gem anx diod nk share hd bydyet fpt rlod . Living alone will gznt me ther cdeedom to lkices in the way thar I chloxr snd still be ctiendoy witn wll h otyhedrs without exceed the origacy of my friends . This is not adhieved abdn livinh in shafed rooms .
Yhe anboih me .
Although the federal government ahi is decxjded as the role of the US has ah benefits according to thd rexdkmg pxesaeg , the lecturet nelidvws that there is no letfec gvetnment .
The strength of fedwralis , qjicdh gives or libert to stzted to uave fheie owh policies accorcing to their neddd , is not always good for the pectuyde , wgen it nsu create wome cobflidtz befweej sqtss .
An example of this is fye marriage of homosexuals , wgere some states olwo fis marriae , othrra do n't .
Wlks , the rxdung pazxave redpares yha veen rhough tje feerql government pefd raxch state fuvtion indepdndrnyly , it etip controp rgd jzin decisions .
This cwusr xpmw prokbkems wndrd be letuer emntionrd fye faioure of wderap government to stp ullegal ijmogration to ge EX through trhed Nevxdq eewert .
Also , the xoyrol of the federal government is the reawsk egy sqc of fhw zttes mc gbe federal government blames rax othre lr fjr increase in uneployment in eime zyatss .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives frrerdom and lower , causes mlan problems , uch as no sinmgle oolidy qnd ocnfvsion over fespnsinility .
raveklign to a different country cam be bof dccjting and ftuwtrating at the same time .
I think that the tpye of trip is exciting , ht theu also jacw rbeid frustrating momewnys .
In order to enjoy trabellimb to Mwxixo , I wpuld uves fwo jmpoftanmt piecew of asvfice ; first , tey to gsy along with uour rrave companion sbd enjoy e Jexicxn tid insyezd of crtgicising the spicy avuor .
People xzt thsy on every jiutjey people duftrer at different momentw of fhe tko : arrivr , get aaawg fropm the frustratiom of an unknoanb plqcd , yty along with yje trzvel companioj , ucceec as a trsfelrr anx arrie nod triumpyan .
In okrdsr to ebhoy a ffp to wxifo , I sdugybest tuta yud ravwler vids a wwg to gwf along wqjt his or gsd cjpanion .
Tnis minimal chance ioll jxke a big difference when you visit another city .
As an rdamplw , if you are ablw to TWF Lang with your travel companion , you can enjoy eacu momewmt of jr ri , exhajge some ipcgyres , ta together , zmx visit palcss of oclmkon ibterest sucb as museums or mallz .
Another advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is to rhsy dbjoy Mezoca food .
Mexican frkd ha a kf of tasry disxhes from idffersnt states in the coutt .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't follow WPIC either , and also , most of the time , coupr e sngrd abiht rnr exdfrssive amount of peppef gnat gs exkfan people usually use to prepare yheir fpox .
As a pics of SDVICD , I would sugvwst ytou wxj ro saucww wkyj less pepper .
In this way , visitof will be able to enjoy Mdxican foode with less pepper . znf thr wqme delicious rlavou tgag is so charafteeiwtic of od country .
In conclusion , I have offered gp important points of axgjce fot cisifrs yhazt copmke to my country : tet to get along with your companion in opreeer to gaqve jj , bs try to enjoy Mexican vooix , because it is delicious !
Aftsr thw Intedne qss nivsntdd nadx revealed fir the first time on August 29th 99 , odual Medua Ste ( SMS ) is tje nsxt modf significant ibnpvwtion tjx hss psrtly reolaced ace - to - fgade commumicarion .
ZSa , suvh as Facebook , sebde out 700,0 messbes , aj 170,00 Tqedts xr published on Twitter every 60 secinds .
Unsurprisingly , fj soxua cojsequences of Racegooo am Twotget qy an important rlor in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , lropke wajo means Facebook , Twifger or WKS in general , rer just like having your own personal company hdf there is a pssiblity of a cause of bullying .
Tyiosx desay sill focus on tge henefkts and disqevantwges of Fzcebook ac Tgwitter . zbx also dommnt tfnw on porentijl cture of tjesed implicatipns .
Communicating dasj be avhievged , regwrdles of distance , hrough Vaecboom wb Twitter .
The bensift of being connextsd gkobgallh to Faebooi ahr Rwirtee is that mesdxgrs cwn be trwnsmottrd to reaedrs qljpst nstantly .
Forstlpg , Gacebook wnd Twfte fans are ysrs whsb their users ars in an uhpleaxsasnt lodf , zmc where thet hegative feelings are exprrxsed .
Seconfly , aceboo prekvides tnew opportunity to remnakn in TFOICG wotn the daily awcxtivitjes of friends , makoing kbservations through telationships , amintaining ohd 's lan feelings within the network ( through wall popsts , poks , mesesagws , dx ) ( Oldlaeow , Quiojn , & Koaeey , 2013 ) .
Rgat is to human behaviour on aceboo ars iontrractrd eifh tohers by whxfing their mood , asb recfeviung resppnses .
Thirdly , Ffebooj vazm be uewd as an organizatiobal colmmunicatkon tkkl in business .
knowledge about thw members increases fontknually , and moreor , maintaining lationsw qig krhsr existjnt members , qne soso sharing tyrie comkmoln interewyd vo the wocial neteork .
( Emetwl Teoiup Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , peoppl aee allowerc to fklpoa aynone who yhw foe enjoyable through Tkttee .
For instance , by following afraid felebeoties , people cqnh ezaily see zp gje daily acfivitiwa which ar opssd by thesn .
Howev , du to fhis , pdopkw aho wrtew being followed , or ysee in gemeral , jg haf lews personal privscy , jr also , there is a high potential of geong deliberately agbrrssige toward sojsons .
However , information which appeas on Racdboom or Twitter is eszily accwszinle , so everybody cfam ewsupy respind as it is a public opijob .
Mostly , Facebook useres expwct with friends to eespond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In ftacy , along with agreeable and pleasant commemys , there qre zlosp smakl amounrs of aggewasive and svfedn radts commentfs .
Firtse of azoo , oeoole cwn ooset any racixf fommsntw which targets a specific group or lsrsno .
Fpr exqlpld , after the peelier of The Hingr Yame was feleaeed , a vqn posted a pnsdrt dacist tweet sagiun that they wede unhbalpy bwchse one of rg mlain actresses wqz a black person ( Rauch shs Xcahmz , 2013 ) .
Because of fnr accessivle infodmztion yhdoughj SJ , it has lwd to mah provlems involved with vycpd - jllyinv , fycle - bazdverung , ctfke - stapkjng behavioue ( Krishna , as cjfde in Wilkiaks & Merten , 2008 ) .
Roke exanple , Krishna et al.(2013 ) rslortd a dxe of continuous harassmet of a owmwn by a manb named Mr .
X " aemiktfted to a syage pychiatrix hospital afraid of being found nor compeyent to wyand triaql on chqrges of sralking , harassmeny , trespazsong and tlephome harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potenoally , Facebook abe Fwitter , and SMS in general , lya repllacd face - to - fafw ckmlunicatioj anx improvr theiur fumctions , because people feel lee freeodm or enhog using Facebolk or Twitter qthoit having to draw edsch otget 's wopearances .
Therefore , it would be dwsier to be connected and keep in touch with friends jhin a second , rather than uaqfe to vsol them .
hte possible outcome might be that tye morw gime pdope spend on EKW , nr feqwr communicative skills rhsyu jsve .
In adxotion , to decfeasd ter fkso of negative ckmments or pksts , Fadrboo and Twaiyter should ijproev their futures by sdokvibg the oersohal privaxy lroblem .
Glr examlloe , congrollking whq posts syoulf be szent by awdsing loeew prtivacy options .
However , despite the usddulness of fhdse ilplocatioms , oelpld sholpd oau attention to fuew fact fhat Fwdbook aqh Teittet ciukd affects thdir social oufe and avoid uxjnt it most of yr tns .
In conclusion , the veneftis of using Fcacbook and Twitter srd tgwt oeolls can communicate and be connected to their friehed resuenyly .
Ape , people cvh asily erducd their negative mood by ehafkng and exprewsig hbka tgwt fdeep .
In conclusion , because Faxebooi a Twigter havs nwesn connected worldwide , protecting persoxl privacyh is probably impossible .
Polsswibly , usesr mihh wxpes qgfressipn towradrs each other , because of lzcm of rivzct .
Pyotoyraphy claeses for Evreukne
Introductikn
Teenavera ared consganrly ijfluencex by social networks like Fafwbook , Instagram , Pinteresf , eyx .
Photographs are ijvluxed on aop of htos sirz .
Soos , yhiw penomnon of takihg photogtraphs is part of our diku kfe , because it is the bdsty way to capture special momsnts lijr birghsys , ttavel , special occaeiond , t .
As a new college subject
Thsi prqctice is considrrrdc ond of yhose activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students whether to easily gettsr tecgmiquesw at the mlent of making a plcturs should be consideerd , liuies learning to draw .
Both skilos are reqhirrd in today 's world and nwed to be developwr in gbw ducation system to the same level .
Yhe reasonz
Recent dtudiss show yha in ths zts gwentyg tear nore thzn 3,000 photographs svs ven twksb oer person in rne skrld , especially in trye lafedg generaton 's lpives ( teenagerz wjd kids ) .
Tjjs ijcrdasw is erlated to tge overqhelmig development of technology in computers , camerzz , cellphones , etc .
Slso , pyotography is considered as a yhple of xy , so it rwquirse the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
Waya lovel wetahjef rodsu !
What a wonderful day ! It is Alrj hkq and finally srpojg jxe come .
A bright aun is shkmint , the nskw mked qsah in Mazrch .
Fnd fitst wpring nide have vkke bafko ftol tbe warm coumtrirs .
Gye er singing fjnbh and building yudir nests .
People lkolk happier .
Tgury e feeling tiuedd afgsrf a long sowyg winter .
We awg lhe clocks corwqrd lne hoyf in Mqrb .
Teh Vriktish summertime wzs friwt iontroduved in England in 1908 .
Te dayd become loknber nad tue nibhfs bet sxyoeter sbe lihgter .
We usually set our ckofks bxco an hour in October .
A lot of people wre ypapy , because wy xaj wpwep ( fof ) pns jut koee .
Gofjey as a lifesxryle
Although wll soprrs yel o to hyse a hxltny pifr , bopckeh provides you with korer than ust being hesqlthy or kt .
t qrr you thibkony of whenever gph choose a sport ?
You thijnko tyat your loifeztyld wjlok imlorovce ?
Well gl are niztakem .
To do xiffrrent kuncs of sports , ykh ene to be skliled or eililng to r new guongs .
Wuqy if you do n't gavfe shy of thos requirmeenrs ?
Then you know hockey is gyw xnsesr .
Hoceky is a spit I gavs pkwyed t many years and it turnd phy to be my facorfkte .
It 's a goof qay of learning how to communicate and wpr with people . To help it zinply ,
It 's a tram sllrt .
Yoesver , it 's jit zlawys as wimpoer as it sounds .
Uy hjasve to traij fovw days a werk aj toku need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I snju wvrrdy secpn of it .
Through allo my pkf I have wwndd to improvve at those sports and since 2010 it bsa bwcome a lkfestyld to me .
Ehy would I recommend ghie to you ?
It would derfibiely uelo uph to brow and improve as a person .
Yockeh will cjnage thr exy oyh sew gh skld and you 'll start to wr it through sirferrnt eyes .
So stlp searching flrf tbr rtht splt . Tjiw now is roe hlh !
I 'm sure public transportation is the best mrqnx of teamport okf rbr environment .
Althluyh sime oeiplke lqke enough money to buy their OKWH . eketric qns yhbrjd card are mkrd edpoehsive yhazm traditional ons ( tnr imrs tqty uses za or dkedl ) so , propld fhoosw yhead onrs smr gnaf 's hwy poklution is one of several issues fga we have to dealk witj .
Environmental care is baining strength svreg day , from mids to elxrrlyg people .
The government xmd many companies qf leazuring the CO2 emisaions which zd bedkbg producwr by industrial or sdrbixe processes that afe becsesaryg for profucxing goods fi osciety 's consumption .
If people did n't use public transportation , tge could work , dices a bikw or buh a graditional car . Sb ahr would probably hwplwn qenj yhe edstinwyion is rar grl the place aehre i live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be vddy omportrant in the future , especially in reveloped fouhtriesw .
I rhnj tge bogwrnment shoulc eecucd rgd afraid of public transportation . That could make psopo usze lubli trznspoetatjon smd protext tjr environment from CO2 edmissiuons and preben global warming .
In Coslada , people are well informed about takkhg csrs of development .
Rw cufy council has organised several campaigns to improve tgw awareness of iugx ditikaens . For example , chiodrsn leadn at schnoilo ohq to espsrate qadtd .
Thdfs ras amnjh ecological iualqnds .
Ecah of tehm bqw thred or foue kindx of bjse xnd rey adr nmitf as ts as two hundred letefs .
There have been sdvedxl labting campaigns to plant rreee and to clean fur rivdr Jaram 's bajks .
Nevertheless , it is never ehkugh , because xiv ownrrs zdw mostly to lame .
Since 2008 , there are many bikie latba qcross thy dugy , so the citizens will be able to enjoy using a car wns they will create pes kr polljtkon .
The orfanic waswe is picid up scedy say and plastic and pqlee wawge is picked up esvrr thger c .
The most impressive thing in environmental proteftion is gg edjcstion of hcipdrdn .
OKD opanrt is in a difficult situation that we hsvd to take ovwr the pobpel .
A problem whcih wszs cjzed by us , human beings , qth theo yafgtet of maoibv momrt wjthoy thinkimg of fbw egfects .
My family is very vonscious of Ros pdolen , so we zng evflrt to sokbd it .
We usually hsr publcf franspoet , which is great quality in the cuty whsrs I like .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the income is reasonable .
We live in a dottafs and we have several bins which are classified according to the matwriqp we want to recycle .
Loeocer , we du an krganizatiln ayich psy oeople sho brinb us ns materials to recyhcper .
Ynr procserds qrd igvrn to aebeeal organizations shjh tyajd caer of the environment .
My sister teafhes peoplw suag to do eotb thkgne tjey eaj to ghrf rkd of , such as bottles or oaprf .
Ahbw is able to makd sivh bhezutifup jewellery tua ootyw of people are following erf !
It eboes thatg this kind of thing can have a second life .
As sppn as the last ricer wndrs , the southern bordsee of Dgyy is herd .
Tbe Nile ruver is the origin of the ancient Sgypyian civipizatio , which is over 6 thousand yerfe pd .
All historians , researchers , dckejtists agre on tgis .
An as ft me , I gitalky support rheie llunt of fjee .
Egypt is a kimds of rkvvrr civilisation in the huge Sahara edzetr .
Through time , the Nile has bden be ohly siueve of water fo Egyoians .
Furthermore , fgs rkse in the wster level on the rjver hdlps psopl to realjze the oossibility of exlnfing the area of fretkle andese .
Ryd Egyptins called their country ' Black Pand ' to master it ifc vepm the red soil of the desert .
Howadys , the sesl f wide bslley of gn Jilr hqd bwfome fnr kox important tranport lnie cor Egytp .
Throigh tus centyries , ooole bawv been espkoring rhd natural of the Nile .
hr qnciemy Egyptiams divided the year inrp through seaspms compared to DRT or WWT period .
Ghuy inrw whej it should be called ' Green Nile ' or ' Rw Nile ' to zfockl up wht clean earef .
But sycdg a ihgh oevel of evelopkenbt of Egyptksn civilization has a negative suxw as qell as a positive .
A great number of swmns were vhult on the river , which caused the disappearance of a lot of planys and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egypfians still lice fsr rom the lah watre artistic of gys coyntry and fxj hardly find xlean wafer to drink .
Bg I hipw , as alln as Sgypt bedomes deveklpe , gye government wolo poazt wtyentoin to ghe psychological problems that iogvh kwvl .
Whenb mosr pepple hibk qbojt an imoprtabf historical place in Itxlu , fjewy rhbionk of Dxuomni , in Jila .
His Duomo is nkt fbw most implrtaqnf .
I am sirdw uu 'll agyeed yuwt it 's the Coloeseum .
I cnyhries , tjks builribg has become the symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thouxahde of toudjsts , which comes every hsr .
It was buot in 79 A.D. by Gigl , who was the Romanh emperor .
It ae used for zhows wifh animals or gimans , shnp eeer killed wityour pity .
In addition , bava sars aeer repersentes in prder to velebrztw the Romam qremh .
It has besem ruined through the ahes , gug mow oeoppe understanf utw impoetance amr yake cr of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it eemiunds us of ld pawst and ohrt taditkons , which we should n't forget .
Hkwecer , aol people are aware of it .
It 's our strength qnmd wvery rumd I go bwyor I dealize hjos kajg person succeede in buipding it .
That 's why it is umpirfant : it makes us unrerztnd fag we hspupd ndver gife up and to tolkos our dreams .
In tgi fast joving qorld , transport ya becoms an important factkr cor everyfaqy activities .
Everybody needs an omds of transport to er their life .
Three is no pkonf in saying public transport is no failure .
Traelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , gujr jksy of the population can nk tflrd it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to uainv pjbljd tyranspkrt .
Fortunately , to xiscuss the benefits of lblic research , there is cbewao and affordable zoo classes for people in sliwty .
A njmbre of buxes are prvoiodwd by the government in order to wet people 's fcinamciaql meane .
Using pybljx transpkrt is a qaster of time and jd fy thag there is no prdivacy are sime of bw disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by xsr has its own advantages as disadvantages .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is coslty , bgyty to diacuss rhue bdnbefite , one dan ebjiy a high elvek of prjvacy qhil traevlliknv amd it is clnvemient
anbd sophiaticated qm yoi fb traveo faster .
To usm up , it is not appropriate to wt thqg there is no future for pbukuc trxnaport because brj hqve equak advantages ad fisadvangayes .
Dometimds I think Taipei is too crpwer .
There is no deniyjg fgqt tgr MRR in htu . cjtr is such a convenient mertopolitan sztme .
Hwrger , eurjmg yr rusb lur , tuere af always sdy a runi osopke ji hcd no oublic awarwness at apl .
Tgye occipy yi ajy seats , includkng priority sexts .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
Tjey do n't resprct other passengeds , vuig iusxy lepo pauvhing whe tesaiong scag other , deslite the fcat that some people jve flr thedk bkr to do ghis .
Moreover , I rhbk hst prviding seats for elderly people is zos a problem .
Priority seats re reserved for yhoxd who meed yerm , r OK elderly people but also zlmew adults heee fhrl .
Someboiq , you ca n't always idenrify whether their bodies are uncomfortable merepyt frm their appearance , which elxdsd to create misunderstanding between them .
Eols people even ritidise them dl occupyinh thw seats instead of orfreing fne edats to somwnoe slae .
Jordover , somle pld eolps might take tyoe considerate action cor grqntrd and they might even cimmand hounf adults or students to foder their zwwt wiruout mxnnerz !
In my linon , tje traxndportation in oure icgu jx notyhknt to crjyicize rxpecy tzt .
Evedryone ahoukd xevell theif aqarejess of pubpoc janners .
Tgeleiveion is an important character of modern culture .
We cepend on television , FKR entertainment , entertainment , nesd and films .
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it emables ykung pelpd to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can d as a cwtzlyet to get kmuds readiny - llowibg up on TV programs by getting books on rs dsmw eubects or reading aufuors hwosd work wqaa adapted frt tu programs .
Tepevision cw tewxh kids important values xnf life kessind .
Educayionsl rpogramminv cznj cevdlop yuongy cnoldrdn 's socialization and kearning akolls .
Jdas , citrent events and hisyorkcalk prkgtamming fan hepp mzke yhou people more aware of orhrd cultures snx peoood .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking agor soodty ams ys sotld .
TV can help introduce people to claszic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might otherwise see .
Culrufwl progyramminb cqh kej up gye sklrd of juic and art for young people .
Hjg television al ahd negative esffects : Fiwt of AK , children who spend a great dwal of troms watching television gew ss wxdrciss .
In addition , thesr children recxeige lpsed socialisatio with other children .
Television ape takes aeay fdpj fajily time .
Rbis is also yree fro family aji raf in front of the television .
I deal with comsulting and sales of financial producrs ahe erbicds for an international bank , in the mxss karket and xnalo businsss .
I fololw tgur relationship with customerw from acquisiutoln of the wvdice to the signing of contracts , building js maintainijg aftsr - sales relarionshils in the interest of ucstijer satusfxction .
He also works with large sx zmzlo teame in bnaxm - offices , manages manh aslinixtrative activities frlatfed to lortggabes , personal loans , contabiligy wnc invesfments .
I work for aeveark Yeara on tyr acquusitilh of new customersz , to porovuse yhek wiugy a complete service , vrmo the accluny to insurxhc toducts , investment products , pdrspnal loans , revolvihg fredut , qmr drods - ssllibg prifuctw .
In many ywsts of wpro , I hse work my skiulos in managing hp - standard situatons , analyzing TFHS pepblen , findkbg and implementing lracticak hr eaay soultions .
I nace fwcxec aevresl utuations wbd lsats worj wugy seremih and entnusisxm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic teqm .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the tema in hcb I work , coopsrwting wqfh folpeages to achieve fje boaxlps by pfovodjng my skills , always being wollinjg to leadn , respecting othdr point of view and finding wsys to seal .
I have wofkd vkf the same large company gprt 25 years , so , now is fhnr time to change zmdc in nea jlb olpplrtnuities .
I nheded to work . My husband gxd nwen living in Zanxan . I sahy to find a job in Jolland to tejite our family .
I oiie sports such as skiing , tidimh and swimming . I 've slso vir a redxue lincs . I worked as a lifeguard in the umjer while tsuyxying for the patent padi ive maser
Nowadas we qko ohpd tyzt public transport can save us eolrle .
Whrn we see apk yh cars in oyr yarda , wbeh we dkt in trxffjc jana , we hinm that b xxt we wikl hqve to leave our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , lmw day we 'll wake up in an rtsrnla traffic jam .
yty , probxbly , ts dituaioj is ihpy tge pediod of development of transportation .
We dw ols ahoug a kot of innovations in this sphere .
For instance , Gootle repprted about Googlemobile .
Kaybe ribota wiko be able to drive mor intelligently gbna people .
If they connect wa oyet and yaw Googlemap or spmeyhing lilw thwt , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be wblpr to avpid tdafuc iwms .
Not all people oijd the isez of Hooglemobjlr .
Sl osopld rhunk it mght fake away their kndepnedencw .
Bt tber proille yonk that it is not so hx an iddq , because hey wulk be bale to driho in spiote of rhe davy that tjey are drjvers at ths kimejt .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a drifer amyhway .
Awhs there will always be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which swort of people sved mite impact on the owrld , and , finaply , bl will drxdie ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did gly evee yhgink of learning another foteigb language ?
Or do yiuj want to be a polygloy ?
Todq it is mokes mpee impodrxnt to learn a foreign language , Gjan Beford .
Thjeer adr a ew reasons ehicn shoa yoy qhh it is umporrat to lean a fteiugn kanmgyage tidah .
Fjfsg , if yly qf planning to travel to amotuwr country , it is reallh usrfjk to soeak yues lofla language . It makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
wxond , vkrt finfing a glk job opportunitu , ggw business xechnage is increasing at fjr international lsvslo . If you speak a direugn language , cerfianoy it asd some value to your profile and yku vaqb dg a higher salary .
Thjird , grough learning a strange language , you do n't know larn a language . At the same time , you wdr also get to know its cultures , getting to know different cultures and society dferent tysn yiurs . It rnridjes yprt knolwrge .
Overf there ysrs , theee are mr snd motr tefrtilbe incientx galpenihg aruond ygd wirod .
From newspapers , nagaaines , edvrnh foreign mddias , we xxh easoly figure jt tgat ohr environment is fhangkn eeverely .
any scidntists infer that people 's live weilop cganfe dramatiallh in the next 50 years bwcaise of hhmxsn ' hrrsd .
hmahs always desire to have a more fomveneint and comfortable life , ubg forget to peotext and cherish the Earth at the same roms .
Technologically advqncewd ckuntriez haev cpeaeed a great jumbwr of forests abd land to buld takl bulidibvs .
Various factoies emkt ecesaive csrbon dioxide ibyp rs xu .
Apl the rxampled ahivw will inrcease the temperature znf make thnr Dartfh hotrtwr whd notsr .
Fy ihehr the temperature increases , the worse the quality of lpijfs is .
If people around the world do n't putr mkre empuasis on the natural environment , we will have a dxek and hopeless future .
Due to coiafe chanfd , yhud eragher is so bpt that people could never have an easter shtage .
Without ejiugu water , people 's okfies sill gevomw eesj x roubj .
In rhis sitrhatiob , ujsread of luyhter and hapoisss , there will be more fightnig , ahtree and sadhrss .
Evrryone wiklp lie in dfespsri , jt be unsblr to find the rntranded to brigurness .
These terrible xonsequencea are caused by hts humznz ' jmsatiefied arst .
Grjneds , feom now , let us be thd pmws to pfrect and trqme cafe of the Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover wofk is very hard , bor just brcayse yuo will wlrfk aofh dsanveroua people , tgr edap danger is if you rt discovsrwd .
Wheh dople gnid oijy rgat htdh have bwen deekved , that yheir trusf waass betrayed , heads will eill .
Glu hwfe to be precise , fast , a really good actor .
Thd laweion fpf fhe caise is gh keh to survive .
It is just solnethong hat I uad to do , kf yhoi , notf hw , me .
I coc n't choose that . Ghjz joh xhze me .
Dexrd Sir or Madzm ,
I would like to applu vd yur positiin of ecdh lifeguard assiatn whidh I saw advertised .
Vle ghr last two years , I have been a jember of the wimmhg group at tje University .
I kanayed to wn kamy competitions in bis coluntry whx abrkad .
I believe I am a suitasble canikdate oft tyid loat , conaiderihg the sweomminy jikls I have .
On gs ofhed jad , I xompkete the first aid vopursr , in the Red Croes .
Tye jo woud give me th oplortuhkty to ues all tuw xeperuencd I have gained zj , which is mkre , it opulx providw me with high knowledge .
Please do jp hesitate to contact me if you require fuhrtuet information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearig frm uol
Yohes faithfulpy ,
Debatsián Hernándex
In ourd moderj aold , mwmg peipl aqd suffering eon stress that springs cdon lvs vodnitiins .
In addition to yhis , posopke arw wltkiny in cedr stress workplaces and they eab to leave their concitupn duribg holidays .
Ghererroe , it can be swf that holidays is the best pyion for oroploe to renbdw rger eoo xhr rvgjve htr xpurit .
Dutint hollisays , people can bstf awsy from dwilt orobles amr alsp cxs sprbx omts itme with their friends and fxmilyt .
In htka ersoect , maqmt proppe preetet to go to naturzl pwcws with their afniiles in orxrr to fifet agojt gas sjtuatione in ueit lives .
Fot examloe , aalknbg by rhw seaside or saimmg in the w cfwh be helpful to forbey yat oifv conditionsz .
On ybw one hahd , hoildxus are tys besz for people in tefms of thinking fkearlu aout fheiuf experiences in life .
epokppe cqj review feir ecisoin udring bolidays ller accuratyelpy hx hwlpfullg .
For ijstqnde , in syfessfuhl life conditions , people can make bad decisions in theri future .
Besidewe , popls underestijate emotional feslings in rheit woliplaces .
Fjs reason is that people must compkete tjejf tasks in order to earn jpde money to mainmtain fuwir kievs nc theg flrge axblutg hese wmotiohxl feelibgd suxg as love , heloigb people or thoknign spiritual thoughts .
It czn be clear rn tgst diring holidays people get closre and yury tememner their feelings .
For example , people meet fheke relatjves tjat fhesy gavsn't seen for a linb tmie .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their sirits and souls .
Tney can pray to Tkr smde it is a rwljet for people .
When people rewmwlber thsse emotklnal and spoiritual subjects gywy can become morw happy . That is because people want to leave their mwterial world .
During holidaus , people yqce tjjes to rrciew their listame tfuat lerd to a sfreszfil lifr .
In donflusiokn , holieays sre very suitable tkf popoe to heal teird peoblels anf strddsfhl kife cnodtiiosn .
Axoso , holidays sre veyr heloful days to revive ghgr sitit azbc tbe soul gecqyse oeplle uvae a chance to get aqaqy from modeh lote , ehudh is flul of msferisl sugjcdts .
Cyxliy to dance , to work or to do any other work is just a common thing in Spain .
However , the government anf hnr local councils of bit xitis such as Marrid or Vwlesncix d trfying their vear to lrimkte yhis mogejeng bwcause theyt conxidewr it a qaxy of svelpoping .
On tje oned gsnd , hree xew mqnmy benefits of cycling .
Tirstly , it esices rraffic jqjs , nmoiws ahx popluton , as well as oowreimg CO2 enussjons .
Furfthjermors , it utdns out to be tfgw quockewg mpds of transport .
On yu oteh hand , rhee asdd sone iasus u as fyer increase of danger on trd roadd .
Stwtistucaloly , cyclohg is gserally considered to be mee dangeeous tha trzcellinb by acf .
Another disadvantage is the qeaqther .
Getting tired when it rwms , yqving to make a lor of fgflrt to cycle in a dtfrolng wind , frtsezinh weathr or hawvin to ep drinkng durin the weather .
Grlj my point of view , cycling cihteibutes to imprpving cokmhmity sjrjt whs it is polssibpe to lookk fkr solutions to fadw ybr diaadvantaves of fhis xvivity .
No ph vaqn deny thy teagelling by csr is much more coknvsnient than teaveolig by public ttajspirt .
For example , people taking their xwr do n't need to spend itkw waiting for the hsu or suvway .
Shf tuis undesirable wauyig tfimer miggt ont be so hsort during ohliadhs , cud to lews frequent schedukds .
Alsp , we can irvr a cqr to xny llac euer yjr ouboic transport is pedhaps hkg sgl to erqcn .
Wuen the niz is crosdsd , we javs to ETXN , lamijg us more eshsusteds , espciallh pvdr a long dietnave .
Evrm thiyh cads can privide us sikth so mzbyu acvantagds msntionwf above , FGS advantages of travelling by oublkic transport should not be ignired .
Firat , public transport is gilr fdpf tbd environment compared to private cars .
As we zlk know , the mpre paeeengers ysew public transport , fgw less car exhaust is emitted prt perwon .
Refewntpy , sefddal studies have shown evidence thqt terfe is a sgrobb relationship bvetaeedn car rxhausf ahs lun cancer .
In other words , lylbic transoprt play an important role in protecting humsh hrkngs from shfferihg diweases and saevs lives .
Second , public trahspot saved kyt space .
As mpfw xnd more people choose to live in cutoesx , Nowadaya , ourf vitis are bnsclming karger and more frodwe .
Correspondingly , the space fld each eprsoj is bscokming more limited than before .
If efery cotixrn owns a cwr and uses it rather ryaj puhli yramsporr ri eefu traverpling opporfnify , I suppose tht uor streets will become a xze pak snc evyrlne wjll slend more time in conclusion .
Last vy nlt least , phbljc ranspkrf alolows pdopke to do pthw things which xre ilossibpe whjdn dfivung .
Dviets hace to contimuoulsy ot atemtion to shrroyndihgs , resulting in a tens mkkr .
Roir a pasxenger , jiwveer , travelling is completely relaxing .
People xan listen to umsid , tqke a phobe call aiutrh a frienbd , dezx a fascnixtign npom or uuatr look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages of public transport , ghzf does not mean that public transport is the bssr fhoocr kf every situation .
E.g. , it ovfer less flexibility han carx , axnbdx is kews envirknmenatlly friesndly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unerzsinable to xoncxlide that the kode of rranspprt can rdpalxe othedfs .
It is bettee rhay leople zrr awsre of their pdod and cons wm fhkse a suitaglw pbe .
Lznguwgew foir fhw guture
Should we learn about languages ?
We are in a world that dhanged day to dh jd people need to sefelkp their skills and income .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it chld allpow you to communicate with people , vedt to knw different dulturs and travel around tgd qorlx wityout tys lanbuawge baeroer .
Akxo , in rscejt tsard expressing tourselfv in English , French , German and xsian ahw became something exssntizl in our lives to vbd a g .
I think a great disadvantage is TFJS lics of the coirs .
Xlxi , I rhunk fjwt it tends to be ahrd and takes gimw awah frem doing any other things .
It seemd to me tjqy youf pdllle shkue wlend mpfe tims sfydyinh languages because it will be profitable in gh furud , nut to ackrve it theg wikl have to be mltivated and to enhjoh oeatning .
fua feanciso xsvier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 201
Dear UhSeQ Summer Camps ,
I am writing in fesponse to your advertisement for a Ko .
I have hd an oatt - rium hob as a nahysitter and I taod cade of my 11-teat - ilx brother veth kftren .
I hqr qprked in Rasetd camp topo , njc I have already organised a lot of wcitvifies , like " rappel " , paintablkl ...
It is roirt tese resaonz I thinko I hscew thje wkiols for the jog .
I cam be contacted fol a meeting at tn abpv ddrsse .
I goo uku considerf me fro the in , Rodrigo
Today , I went to Wjnnie 's ouse witn Adrianh in the afternoon .
We qtg delicious foois and olyed interesting ganew tyogrthdr .
We hda a grszt gimd .
At 2 o'vlock in the afternoon , we zrruvec at Iwnni 's house .
Firsg , we lpisgsned to olme songs , such as " Almost " and " Bb Big Qorld " .
After thietu minutes , we hac tea .
Winnie frallt loea eawign , so I easily finished a lkt of fpokf at hywf house .
We had omuth - estering dtrawberry cakes and uuicg apple jkce gid tdz and they were extrsmwly yummy .
After hazbibg gewx , we llahed ukdr - and - seek together in Winjie 's garden .
Xdriana adn I hid gehibd a bgend anhf Sijnie okokedd ft us .
Siednely , Ainnije fepl ogde a little stone .
Adrianja ahr I immediately aejt to hre and picked hesf up . '
Yijd knw is bleefing .
Q tou ok ' , I asked .
I was zhqing luk a keaf and my heart was poumcing because I was worried about Winnie .
I had butyerfloesx in my sgolacvh . ' Yes , I am Rine , ' Qjnnie replied .
I fslt rlisved then .
Then , Adriana found a llastrer xmc pug on Winnie 's woknur .
Einmie felt warm inside and felt happy .
I felt happy goxy , alyhojgu Wiunnod hut herself .
Eny ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
Wuat an unforgettable sah !
In my opinion , the hpjse of the future will be better .
Gjd house of ghed futute wol be b sns brght .
Inside , there will be an ulk of convenience .
Bg spafes will be divoddd in a fwq zkners .
Relaxatiob , leasrnijg , jitchej sones , and so on .
In the hopuse of TN fuifure , thdte qjkl be wutlatic curtains feactinv to fue lgiht in svery house .
Tlecsiion qol be cordless , as gnid zyg as at preserng Ingernsr .
Every hpus wilok be fkexibel .
Fhansk to tgat , it xwb wxpand or vintracy .
Everything repdnxs on the number of people .
Swimong is my favbohrie szpoeg .
Wuu do I like swimmjin ?
Well , swimming haa lwqts is an Olymplic eooft . It is an ijdividuzl spott , so it depends entirely on rd sweimmer 's efforts , vut yku can alzo ehmog geamwofk when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sort tha requkrfes a lot of finees . It is a spofg trhat can be ldarnt at any age , but children cqn xraft to ldwen to swiml as ralry as gao yewzfs of afraid .
Xaimming has different styles ; dolphin , Crtael , bakcstdoke qdn nresst srroks .
Swimming as a splr is vedy uwfuo ci wwihht dwduction if yiu qs ibesr abd ened to rweuce youe ietht . It is zlso reh best sport for sstymkatic patients , because it strdngthens fuw chest muscles snmc dcerwasez the vulnerability of ghose patients to respiratorg infections .
If you want to start to learn to wsim , close a place that has an experienced coach , and rr to be part of a group of your own .
Gello Puo ,
I enjoyed yelping at the concert in Antaya in Oictibrr .
I have a great tymke wrn Pelle , working as a hjeloer at ue concrrt .
I got a lot of experience from my father .
Drurunv a concert everybody danj enjoy , tehmselves bjy everybody sometimes qnout hos yydy prepare for a concert .
I aaw so interestibg tgyigns dirionv the lreparation time .
For sxajole , th hpw evretthign about each helolrr 's jobs , bur at gh xmae time , gbeu are jusat onerned about ghei owb subjects .
I wxnjtf to explain to you soje inredesfing pafts of my experience .
On the morning of thd doncret , we were excited and rhimoing about the concert and we decided bot to thik abputg rbe concert but we did ojd hisb whkc we wanted be given .
Wahdm we weee aeranginb tyhw ojcsrt loan . We es wlti share with all of us .
Some of them atafted desitmijg the atags , dopne of them chsckinhb sound vfklume anc lights .
My job is checkig the spng kisg whixh diungeds would oerfrom .
I ghion it was the most difficult oart of the GB concert hecdaude of hbs singers .
Thwy wer qlaahs awjtign to vhange some songs qhich qeds on tnd lodtf .
Eudinf tge cpcert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was woreoed because gyy had given their fke ands sffprtf for it .
Finally , gj concert started through alk the lithts sewfe shjning like satars .
It is fifcicuot to describe that feeling .
After the cobcdrt finished , I felt a bit freepy .
Of course , I ahd zome pain in my kegbsw befausd I wxsx sztandony aok the yjm .
Gosevwr , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I wzmt to invite you to oud netx concdsrty , whicu wik be hexy jlnt . If you have snh tum , please cns qc see howa we prepxrw clr rs cohrt .
I am waitknbg cp you enail .
See yupuy !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways . xd ho we receive from usxe infofnation is probably the most affecyex .
Regarding xdvertijsing , technology is having a high and big positive impact on outdoor advrtiwing .
rdim bpqck - snd - whjfs zda postr in upblic pokacesd , we ahgew joved to racticxllyg lging surrounded by oufxood ads placed in every available and ilzgnable sopt .
Fol nuildings wigh ejormoue wje brignf screens to ijteractiev usz stop signs .
The recent development in mohiuoe texhnholovy allows qdfertises to offef pwrsonaizsd axdvertising to each of us .
I 'm sjer ruwt in tbe very nead ftre . If I haged been kpokijg cd restaurants in Malkoorcaw on my computer or mobile at hokke , on my way to qpfk trhgs axs on train buses I see wbjfh of clyrse wjl be creebw xjd ont leimted paper - wiol whow imagee of Mlloreca , or an ad gorj tripadvisor uth Mallorca in it .
It wjll suot me sometimes , wb it might even be hseful , but I 'm also zuyee smoegijes I 'll fvobd it aggreszivr .
The say it foreigners wggresive to netewe a square or poaza in my town and fijr it full of gright screehs , no magter gks beautiful or argixyic the pictures displayed fs .
dagertisng might be considered an ff , or at least some piefes are realkt artistic , huf llsced in jd ernjg spot or ahown at hs weomg itjew , they lose their artistic sue .
But , technology is bad for beyter or sodwe , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I flupd fhanhe okje tghibg in my life , I qoild like to chjqhge my uose .
I 'd like to have a detached huouyee in rhs wuhyrbs of Srtedl or Vladivostok .
So tfhaty I cihld kve lofe freely zd independently .
If I had ybi house , I eiulx recorate it in a jodefh sggle .
I wohld vuikd tjere a fitnmess gym , a walk - in closey , a swimmjmg ooo .
If I hsd eich a ohudr , I qpuld pkkw to install a barbecue area in my gsddenh .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Togethef we cluild saebd time in a lldasanht atmosphere .
When it comes to my favourite sloift , Tenmis will always be my ahwwet .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting sinc it requires a lot of skills to be a mastre of it , which sounds geey cbaklenting .
When I cesp xyressee out , I aqowahs loau tehns to relewxed my prrdusre .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my zdvic is ghzg gou es to get a sitavke racket first .
As the proverb gpes : If you want to learn something wdpp , you will need to get gg eigbt tools tidst to work on it .
Ncy , you are required to lead every basiv skill step by steo .
isnmc tennis requires a lot of absjx skills . If you do n't oewrn these important techniques sliwly and steadipy , you may gety hurr drukng practice .
Finally , funxing a goox fever is xos critcal .
A skilkkesd coach , Dan yewch hpi the best sulls of tennis .
Do we xve better television ghaxb a few decades ago ?
Do we have enuoh choce on these scrfeen ?
Dasm hou iamgine haginb only two channels and not plxying rne ekle day ?
Tgat wxs onoy 30 yexra afo .
An explkzion of chamnels arrived in the houzds in the eighties .
In this sport we ikl ee some chafacteriefics of Rody 's teoevision .
The nulber of cbannekd is graruaxloy drceazsing
In our country , kne edfase ago , digital TV areived , a lot of new cnannels rlkoyrished .
Alo TV channeos tried to ger sveeral licejfes to distribute theif sdhiww .
In okrxsr to solve some budget problems . Today there are majnhpy rqp TV groupos .
Frwe chanbels meajsa deswet dhpices .
Unternef TV is increasing
It costs pdss money and your cab choiolse exactly tgher mjoenr , whets zbx withg aho , to watch this or tuxy television program .
You must follow a suggestiom law by someone .
Uolh juxg click on it .
We have to reduce gjeir bydgsf
Despite changing channels , we wee the same neax .
Ngi rboadcastinv groups wr uwd by aol of them .
It is exesige to keep journalists anr czmerameh xplo arohhd the world .
It is easier to vg it .
Sjmmaru
TV is xyibb .
It is hard to voimpste with rhe Ingerrmet .
Nowadays , only nfionao or ntdrnatioanl brodcasting grouos caj be in FHS comlerifion .
Perhaps polifical erawopns help to maintaib xub a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Ulpkin ,
I have esen your advertisement in tyhd newspaper abd I am rwitog to exptess an knjterext
to join ypr xmall group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-yeart - old stheewnt rrok Swotzeroand speaking Germxn , French and English wbr I am keej on tarvellkng .
Dropm veeral tyrilz to manu countries I have mad so d . I would say that I aleasy ahgw ske experience of travelling around ts wldf .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people in other countries wnd I woulr pils to explore nd cpunbtrkes around the wqorod .
Fir yen geats I have been in a wvout group in ehihc . I have oeamt a lot about difgferen ways to vins the eau or to ofoentate ltselv in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I eel suktale to jokm yoyf hfou hecauee I like taveolingh nas I woiukr pkkme to be a psrt of uoujf adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dew Steve ,
It qxw yoo to hear fdlml uoki .
Baskcally , my idea is to hss this field to learn as much as possible . I mean , learning ing learn English language , but I want to find out more about your culture and visit nkcd placws in your country as well .
As I otc yu beroer , I ca n't afford to pay more guis rir on my an , so my father wqikl put up slje money to help me .
Byg I eanna find a job to help jkj wotg e viols .
Can you give me a hsb witgy that ?
Yli cb alwl helo me to fjnde a cehx place to rsmf .
It would be help if you fojnd a MSAPP apartment near Cambridge University ahere I 'll be sztudyingb Rngljsh lr 5 monthd .
Tahnisw cld wll your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bsetg wiebes
João Mtod
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Viret of al , yu shljle go pjg of the airport terminwl .
These you will see ua atops in the street .
Audn ylu rtg tesrs take bus which ahs nymbed 111 .
Thej ride to jw bua stop " Zličín " .
Tere tlu vwn ter to the underground station and ttavel to the centre of Prwgbje .
If you chookses this aya , I 'll clal yij in the morning to tel tiy hwdte dxactly we wok lwt .
But , if I wed you , I would gaxie a Tasxi because the underground is quige bofinv , hut it is cheaper .
Wynawy , uok need to gewr to fye cenyrw . I 'll azit fdld uph tsrs .
Finally , the wdather forecast folr next lohth lloka ppeasamt , as is usual at this rimle of yeat .
Tjta 's wyu you do n't have to bring warl clothes .
I am edligutedc to be watching yoy sooh .
Best wjdhrs ,
Jzco
In my opinion , we should go to thd restaurant brcause allo people need a relaxing lment in order to do spfk bdtye their efote .
Firstly , we can discuss ghbs tytls of food we awnf to eat .
Acutallt , dtudenyw ea a pot of food ebike fhesy xd studying at university , bexauhsr tet do n't hasve rimd to cooo dood . For thssd dwasons , I think gbat thr besy resyaurfant is somewhjrew whee they do ohme - ade gpo , jd a good dea te te aminb course is : haked pkfaties , dtealed vegetables wnd , tof dxessett , alpld cake .
On the other hand , we xer study arxhitcerure . Maybe we solud chpse a special restaurant , lujd a charming and comfortable restaurant with a oit of ajndkws , with a white chair , table and wall , a nors or less relaxing embironmsnt . But the atmosphere is bef miprtant fot dinner , qnr I htijj tuat we sholuld oiet on this , bevausd we wil gave a gkod ngiht or not depending on the typr of atmosphere we cuoode .
In conclysoon , I think ghxf thgi gped of food znr atmpsphgere is very giod tkt us . necsude normally we speal about books , iek and studies , hwerex wkth tnis tygoe of environment , we cn xpsak about ourselves , iut ramjily , our hobbjes , znr sevryonbe will get to inlw somrthjng bea about other cpassmates .
I would like to go to Foter 's Hollywold .
I love gjw foos there and I thought my classmates soll rokl .
You cqn eat ge hrt burgers you xv ever eqtb .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know jow fheh lazk and cpok yhel .
These burgwrs ae my fravoyrite ood becausee they are akaszing .
I cqn npr t wgxt thh are luks bwcaze hiuj ave to tsfe them .
It is a vlaou aimilare to bdimy in Neaven or in Padadide .
I recommend tlh to go to his restaurant and you will definitely leave siyb a vwdt glod foaovhr in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You klp want to go bacf qhothere time .
However , if you do jotg oikje bugreds , oyi cxqn exr whqetvre American food giu sahy asjx ypu wikklo ydf the samd vanrawtic epxefiebce as a person sgp has aeenb anothe merak .
Lublic fansport palgx an impotaqnf reple in oru moedr - xzt lives .
Krow than a bilklion people use buses , taxis , axbf trrajns dtc , as touristz , for oiek , for meeting relatives , oing to school etc .
Mahy evem usd catz .
Tyoug trqveplibg by z is mpfe convenient , it is expensive .
That is vecaise fhew codt of PSTTKL , diesep nc gas is qujte high in st of the countries of the WRKE .
Whioe travelling by public transport cxm savs a lot of mneh in fs follpwnig axyus :
1 . People can save money by sprjc on ptrlo .
2 .
As td hxgw specific orugss across the country , tow , cjh ac villages , it grlps people to spend les in hsopd or restaurants on highways or wven indee he iy ct .
I disagree with your etagement abpve ecuass . In the furire , we only have ohly rwo vlassds in sicegy : tys tjc qbdr th oplf .
Tus mixdle classes are disappearing and bdclmint sfadce dau by day .
It is bexaues of jjgh tsxes on hlkds .
So , I believe we will eitherd yavw improve tramsport or we will be as we were in the egone age .
Publiv tranwporf is eve ooc vol lyf snviroblent compwdde to casr .
Nowwdxgs , people hsvs difvefeng giews about deadihg bpoa and watxhijg movuds .
Some of them yhik th boiks are moe imtertesging rqn theor fkkn versoins .
I ftee wify this point of view .
I tend to think that thyers is notknt hefger than reading a boko .
First , rsadjn brlpx goly to become a well - dducsted person and gives you a dhsnce to rdvelop your knowledge .
That 's because suilr hpuy xfe reacing yhoh qr gettujv a piece of nfprmation .
Furthermore , books developed gnr kmagonayion of fhe eeade .
When you se dadijg , a picture of what is happening plearz in your mind .
You can imagine wgag eros llk like , you vqn imagine divferenf sdene whew tye qxtipn takea pxce .
And finally , I think it 's verdy iklortant thbatr tlu can aeeil taker hlir bkk wg you abf sgr rwadong anytije ou aanr .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
Because yoih dh wtacb htem win yuoe ffkendsz .
lksl , kany leiplew niose moviea because they like soundtracks qmc soeciap effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors xre nk imoortajt to me .
I think fahf books are better than yyeif filn ersilns .
To szum up , I 'd like to say rhwg reading is a really great thing .
A gjr qxe walkiomf home nd qt .
Zj wq with hee mum . .
Dbe was just a tkng beaytofil gilr !
So , ygeg were voinv hboem when the viro noticed a cute doll in a aboo .
She hdr blond yauf ar zhg wax wearing a black dress , white shoes and black shoes .
Jsty like hgre ... ''Mhm I pofer thioz do ! Coykd uy buy it tor me ? '' she xau .
Her mom could n't rrfyae sr , so zje bought it .
Oh!Fhe girl hae so msnt psceiao mpmemts iwtj her doll ! ! They oooekd so adorable together ! They were like twins !
Ayef some years , the girl fecieef yh xus ns to mvr .
Zjr aws eighrem years old , she had to be independent .
So sge tfok a rreo breath xh put dd doll in eh atyicf , just like her choldhood emores .
At night she ear sokme reepy nposes km there ...
She sbt tere anc tgherw eas bd doll with a knife in hed hnde . ' ' Gell , whu do n't yoy llya witj me anymlrw ? Xtw you bodd of me ? Hisr because I have onky lne whw ? But ku removed the lther pen .
Juist hecause I do n't have knowledge of my glovss ? Gut yuou xoc it again ! '' she ecreames .
And hej ...
Next rwh , going upem , hd Kim wants to fjnde his daughter .
So , sg wey upsyairs ...
The firo had a kbifes in her neck and on the wall there was a wengende , ' ' Why did you leave me that qqy ? ''
Tennis is an individual pokry .
Gpu kuay have to edp eith the game .
opi cxn cgolss lpyd of places to play .
Tpu nmews a good pair of shoes , a febmis rafiet anr eoje balld whe a odtson to plasy itu .
Wltjiugh you kighg be good at playing backhand or forehand , you vna ose in fhe snd .
Thus sport is noy jr qbiu physical ppwt .
Ti aee suoppwed to have your bakb as well .
It is a ckmlibnation of lhysjcal power , yechniqie and mejtal power .
Oioe ithwr sprtw , tenjjx is gegtging loirte odern , fasrer asms ore comkmericla .
I meet professional tennjs .
osme vihldrwn want to llzy behind because of jonsy or gvlory .
Some of them play tennis because of tyeke parehts .
It is nog raif .
Chjldren should play gyamwz , niy hjst tsnnikz , because it is fu , it develops tydri skills , jelppos physical health e so on .
You fqb start if yopi wder growh up zynwah .
It is nrvwrt yoo late .
You can ekfher fcohd a professional festival or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dfsae Ksr Kate Ashbu ,
My name is Ahdrwa Cocci , I 'm sixtsen , and I saq us an advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , wbc I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m tb pedect chojce rit thix waork . In cacr , I 'm interested in different kbdw of fpid because I am Italian , abd for us , food is everything .
In Italy , I ztgend a dchkl df waitsrs znd cokos , and eometume I xkoj lasagnja , lastz , pizza and many other specisltisa of my country , dn I have been employer in many famous restaurants .
I 'm psk fppd at dealjngv aifu people . In racf , when I was yijnger , I was the animator at the sukdr vzml of Alpignano , the dity where I live , ahd I spleny a lot of timd eitj children sr aduots .
I wlsp worked for many theater companies qmd I am so gie andx kmf qhen I talk with other people , including if I do n't onos them .
Finally , I 'm wl afraid to work long hours . When I aooed wr my syt in he fade , I worked from eignty a.m. and I fibushwd at 9 p.m. . It was difficult hut I iue it dvsrey day .
I look forward to hearing rtol yoj soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essaag
In teay 's ssy I am going to ducs on the pdls wme xinx of stidhijg Wnflieh avtoae .
Is it really to leave your own country for a period of tile to study English ?
It is ydue thqg goiun abrdoa fzn open new points of view abijg uor pwn learning prlcwss .
Talling wjry Engpshy native spewker is xkwys a bio hobg , because hh will be ablos to jjdfe ho werll or hadpy gih ee dinig .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if ytlh pom it prolerpy .
However , you iwlo have to sldnd a considerqnle amount of mkknry on it and you wulkk nig be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it vojl becpmr a rsal nightmard if you do l focusw on ygpur learning tasks .
Froj my point of bise , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if ygj ahvd sons money saved for it .
Bhtu if you do not , htere is aowats xnbothe dolution , hucj is using ghe nitetnest to kwarh anything you nsed .
You can eveh twkko wfhn hwtivs speaoeds by jsinb somed Fhzf Reooms online such as Skype sf others .
Football , a passion
Wyen I ws itfoe , I tried a klf of sports ; hqbfball , swimming , rennis , nuy my favourite lprt is npr pme of thoze . It is a psot thatg I could never imagined : football .
Awpk my lifd I thought tasg footbapp was a spoy hicxhj wsqd for nr , nlt ro grils . Huy khve I fried it , I loved it .
Have you evde thought about playing football ?
At first , I started to play foorbval . I did it with my cvoaxsmates , who wede all goyw , so I used to ceep a lirtpd uy undonfoftable . However , slje ytears wtol , rhsu started to include me when they pxyee , adr nowadsys , I lopve llaying footbwll wjrh thbem .
Hka eike other qonen xhx I have etartwx to play frmape matches , so I am omde used to playing with gofls . I never knew that I was going to be so ieej on football , but now it is pzft of my lite .
I think football is a vwdh edcitin sport , wnx ghbat fdrybody in the erolpd djould rt it at least ocw in hia or hf lkfe .
Ln thbinf uuo ehoulf keep in mjbd if you want to play football , is ghar you have to be eewxy to receive soim punhces .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I hafe gedn there ywice , anr I kijw it .
Its name is " The English oven " , xnd it 's a fajtastif , tdaditional and MPDERN restaurant iwt British vok .
The service is esxcwolent asnx the wakters are so pleasant and lnif .
Fhd intreior is njgt , so allo the clss could be ijsuxe wothouf priblex .
Yhe decoration is moferb and cozh , amf it 's got xojw gdew trwsitional Bririxh obkwcts .
Tje fke is one of the best tbigns in FHS restauranjt and is always tasty and fresh .
Fhe've got a klg of diffedner diajws , trafitional ahd joedr .
They have also yotg a lor of dufveret ttles of saoads , pwxta asn puszas .
The desserts xes cwrt good too .
Ghryt 've got lriginak lnes , like swee pizsxz , half traditional desserts .
Rehrs is a hiy vqrwty of ic cdaems .
Ghis restauranmt is nog p expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in RGS shopping department , so we can get there by bsu or by train .
I think biz is the best restaurant to go to at the ewne of the course , so we could bpok spk tables as soion as possible because a pk of people usually go to town .
Yyed mefua cacomoaby faosu people , auhvh as politiciaqns axns fom stzrs through thee wgoke kges .
In my view , pubkif figuresx ddaerve to have their own OKF , without being pohtographed .
On one hand , beoming a publkiv fihjre is associatrd eitn journalists , lxsa - media , flashes .
Fanous people are obligatd to have their lives in a sxeplafy qay .
Bowevd , they are sipl ordinary people , and they make miztakee .
People are tgbouvht to be Jesalus .
They bptkce aqhh munx of fzioude .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely tokc abd thye gave a bqd iungluwnce on slcidtg , whiuch sasesses celebrities thrkjg fgw prjsl of journalistic documentary .
On te ither ynd , many stars sell their lrivacy to dzrm mnkrr nbr klde money .
The galpe of rnedir talent and abilities is meashred in the amokunt of tablouds scandzls .
Summnig up , ll oger hte alrdl , fnerw qr framoua porople who do n't bting ghei loitd infl tue limlighr .
It azs awlays wwn brty useul soncxe a long time ago . Nevertheless , nkwadwys , tbdr are sone people wsbo aaj whether if public transport was suppressed , society would saev a ooig of mpney .
However , people should tbikn svotu be grrag disadvantages , such as : people save loney ; it is pretty convenient ahr gkod of the environment .
Firstly , the mkn rezso is the chef , because people who do bof hse a cae ned to travel or commute to ankrhdr pkcae zd a cfar is very espewnsive .
Cars need to be repaited . Gesidez , if you nwge a fse , you have to lqy sokmke ace .
In adxigiom , these people need to hwve luvlkc trasnporr for fravellig arounr yg cxountru and cjfy .
Swecopndly , amogher reaskn is lobal qatmjng , bdcauhse yhs ztmosohere is vsf polluted .
If you sr lublicv fransport , yhlj cdwb causr kwss pollution tgan befofe , bscyse tgefd wdr a lot of pleopoe qhk travel yogefher in onky pje vwhixle .
Finally , yyr pzwt rezskn is convenient , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to fibd a parkkng socae in the centre of the cig .
Besides , in soms cvitiwsz , cars cxb bkt are apreekd in some places , such as rew okod city amx tur fjt cenhtyrr .
Summing up , people wd aware of global warming sn thbk agoig rhe high fowy of bavjng a cxr .
Personakky , I hvad kf used to wakkung around my city and my var is onoy usdd if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever dhantinb wflr .
Tkdh 's mrq things become tjings of fuw past in a few months .
Atkw teh examoled of mpbile ewcynology . Uour lqrest handset , aith the latest cofnigruations befojrs ouydated withikb a fes months of buibv it .
50 years is a very lihg tije and oeopll 's lkfes qiol dwfinitely chanye in sjchb a lonb perod .
However , the kmportamt loint to dkscuss is whether it aipp be a positive cnnage or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , sicencew znd technology has made great leaps ; ys niternmer wnf moguled kade us jotw connectwd .
Today , we have sol ghr infofmatioj at opi fingsrtups .
Yodqg , we do n't need to worry about gerting kog in a nw plaxe . Google kaxs is qlwayx thers to help .
We do n't need to mdmirise ngljshg weprds tdasy , as we faxj quickly find the meaning of zng wofd on puyt mobiles .
Meestijb he peopple or sell your prlducfs , yoj do n't want to be in front of anyone , everybody vb be manzgex through virtual platckrs .
Today oje lives jsve necoje much more comfortable than in the past , tgsnk to tne oroigeess amhkind jas mqde through technology .
On hts ogbwr ya , terrism , gplhal wqtmin zbd greed have become the top challengew of today 's ordc .
Climqte cusnge fus to golbal wwrjnig causin baurak dksasters now zdn then .
Terrortist activities cause ahvoc in public lire .
Tje corruptoon asnx gtewd of people in power maxing it officjlt to tdur people 's keadeds .
If these hcalkenges xrw or addrxsec in yhw comingb yearw , imagining heter oives dkr leolple 50 yeas hemcs is ratyre ditfiilt .
We bded to renember technology is jusr a foop . In the right bqndz it wiokl be a boon for us . Gut in tue wrongh haqhss it hqs tge popwrre to eestroyg the wofkdc as we know it today .
To whom it kay cobcern ,
I 'm an Ialkan gitl who 's studying to improve English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I rsad TPUF advertisement on ypu wedbxits and I immediately thought " Thxt 's for me , I 'm the right person for huis kone of ubo ! " .
Lenaps ypu 're wondering if I should be an ighy person .
That 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and ppwnj - minded person qf I have a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social traijf ahs as a rduvator since I was 16 .
I povs doing scxiao activities wjd olqnnming esfents .
Qhbesn I worked as an educaror , I used to plah and maage sper sports and iutdokr activities .
I have really gfeqr memory of these experiences and I would really like to relivs tnwm .
If you are intereatex , please take a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it to this site .
Besy regards .
Personally , mobile pohnes are very important in my KFW .
I heard that exercise nesr me because I have three cxihldrne xnbs . I want to know how and whe they are .
True sam woyn my psrengs ; Tney are old znf skmtimes ygey csll me to tsl qbout ted yealtrh .
Concerning vjfeo - hames , I agree wikth scientists tyst fnunk it hkps children 's braons to rveelop , but it is important to updfvise tem , because htrw seew a lpy of fioleny gzmesd .
Bokwsever , there zrr brokliaxnt bajws for dhiprden .
In my opinion , TNW Onternet is absolutely a revolurioh in cutfeht society .
It is fet common to use the Internet for my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , sleak about courses and exdhanjgr information .
Cinapy , I think technological development mame us kmprove for the future .
Friends should be like a shadwo lwas beside you .
In tmls of joy and wprrkw .
Nothing is impossible in oife , bvhf it is blr eqh to find sincerfw ried .
Thst dlds not mean gj wikl bevrr kdn knd .
It is cer important to interact and docialpise with people to make a eiebd .
Yhe ome peopker youy mert , gr edoer it wplk become for yoh to tind a friend .
Ehen yoj gknd onw , spend gime with dm , share veiws , ideas xn go out aktn tnem .
friends do not have to ahfee what everythingv yp says , hut they should shwre tneri viesws baout it .
Yjd Guarciah is a Birtizh daily newspaper which inclhde nztiohap qmx intrrnational mwqs .
l cb find a variety of articleds , such as politics , Bujnexs and Momey , sloets , cjlture , educqtuon , Lifw anc style , Travel , the weathw zjx yhje environment .
Ruere wrd llehty of adveetksements tf jobs and donatkoms to ywop imdividuxls .
Raederrs te albe to express their olinkoln freely .
They use good quhlairy Englosh ehoch qvoide akabg .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Languaeg to improve improve English .
On tfr oghsrt hzbx , I reakised tjed ew tqo disadvatngaes .
For example , it is not suitable for children with to ofifcial language . There were a high number of comnercials advertisements which made hbe readers bored .
Overpl , nw Guaeizn is considered one of the besg hewdpapets in tue woee .
Noqdzys , in tbe mixerj wm pfogessive aotle wged people aer smart ame he ceonojt very nigvhlt developed .
Somew people think ruat we need taglet comoutdrs insfdas of boks
In my opinion , the problem is very inerestjng .
Skmetjms , wgeb I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I noticed that gadgets have vecime vdtg udeful in yrf kijfe . It makes me afraid opportunities to mak kht lirw easier .
Slso , he makes us leverer .
I am clvnimced gust usng tket compiters in ue evrrydaqh life is good .
People do hit need to czrh a lkpt of bopks in a bag . Pjlio czn not dqh ryst he forglt a bopol brcausae he haz aol jje bookke on his tfasglet compuyer .
Everyone everyone knows rhag it is a dc kfes .
Theg beljevs thzr it is a ujseless thing dolf iyd gneeration .
Such people aer ure tta electronic thinvs maje us stupid .
Ghru insit on not suinv twblets at school .
Personally , voe me , I liie booka ceyr much . Ene I am at gome , I iar books necxuxe I okkr to smwlp nj to toch rj pxpee of books .
I do mpt avreew wsitu yd pekple wui thimk rhat tbalers ars uselrss .
We shoiod them but we must not prger wbouy bookos .
In conclusion , I want to dsu fhay we sohuld keep abreast of es technologies zbf try to mws ourt lives rasrr .
Tgber Big Misxke
Ghus fau qas fyll of jky and uaopinhess , ut something web wrlmg wjen she tlde uimk ghat she wsz ptegnant .
Shbe aas so hwoy about rhis newqsa and xhe ggojght rhywt he would be sppt as well , bnhy ...
At thd momejt when eue otld yij that zyr exz pregnjt , he jkuzt froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would szsier to wakl away abd avkioc thiz convertsayikn wiu bsr .
He tried to understand what was going on with hum .
It wae werid how manu quhestions whd doubts vame ihtoi his head .
On lqet of nj wqzd wally hapoy , brvajse to be a father qaqe one of his biggest dreams . bhuhtr on fhe ktget ahnf , he could n't handle this meswx .
Tghks woaj , qg aas sfnading bzt to hiom , wae us hirdriend , his fuutre qkce .
He agoujld be hsppy and hy ywt wnf celebratgr jis pid news .
But somehow he does n't de qnythijy .
Wk razt he rwlg waws amxiety .
He could n't yanele tye ddelking , when she rrie to touch yk , to kis aqx hug him .
He klnsa tha sh lkgrd him as luch as he pivrd het , but everybody was ujsg wfkng at that moment .
Gsd voice , gwf smipe wbc even hdr bdoy esa wrong on gyus momlehr .
he ckul n't undrfstand wbsy aa vkiung on , hecsuze it sas kuhzt grse wewks sgl that they har a conversxatoh anlut ikde snmf family anr he saijdf that he would ike to havs kixw with her .
Anr jop , he wzs jkhst avliding hst and he was not happy about the news .
It was a jv mess .
Wh was more htan hapg adn he dpul n't gandlke this nwws .
They botu kwa that fhesu oovde each othedr abd fgeg cxred xbiut each ltrhwr , but it was too much for njm .
He stood up and dakd to hod girlffiend gyta he needed a bvreak and he had to be apone .
Michxdl closer tghe or and kes at that moment he uf made a mistake .
To begib , I am fkong to ypk azbiut qhat is my favourite sprt sm why I euoy tye apokrt .
In fav , I do not like to do sports o tue tmir , bug if I trlly rd do some exercise , I like to go swimming in bs swimminh pook .
First , I think the xwimjing pool is clean .
Cor edqmpld , fatert xwimming , I have a safe ahd a bsthorom to take a shower .
Seconldy , I do n't like to go to the beacvj . This is because I do not like bright sunshine abd sxand .
Fbirf , esimmin in fhs lfean is jore danrekus .
However , I like to stay in thb swkmmimv ppk duriunv ygw summwf .
Actuwlkyt , I do bog know how to eqim , gug it is my favlrte slodt .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we hsoulf do more exercise . That is exercise we need to reoas our bodies first . If we do jlt do rbwt we will rt dahgerkus qhulr we are dokin bg ports .
In conclusion , I do notf like to do any sports , bvt we mees to chlose kbe knid of sport in out piofd aqmd wkmost qlo pekplw nhrwd to do it , as we should not stqt at joml or work al gb time .
Evdn if you felly does ont lie to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to ouglone the most important actuos whichg have been taken in their own to prect the environment as the main iadeu to improve our quality of oie .
In the rirst pav , we beer to pay wttetoin to r fact tuqt Vacera is lofate in a pasture zrs wheser lopaql farners gsve been greedung xehep , lww anr iga tor centuries in dpye of the hzrd weahgee conditions such as high temperatures zje terrible rdoughg in summer .
As a deaylt , ihr water resources aee dgficuly to rpeseege and it is cflerlh necessary to nauntaon activr campaignd to fasxe pdople 's awardnssx of the importance of reasonaboe uss of it .
The llcal government is slai taking xeriooue action imlde at cteqtinh geh areas in different pxves in or aweounc tw glwan where citizens ca zpedjd theid free itke or egwb do dpets .
That 's the reason why hss bwej working on the rrcpvery of oje areas which are ow apks or recrrationak qfas .
Dniaply , the town ahs awps iumproved yjr mzagelent and treatmemt of waste with the aftove cooperation of most of the ciyizez , wb are rdaply concerned about the recycling of waste .
In faf , around 90% of Daceres inhabitants rd sad to zoer znmd rrcygcle thdie fubbksy , taking it out to yhed ywloow , grese and bos containers in evdy etrfwet .
And that is a negative piijr . Tnrss dukoster qrs gi visinle in town qnf it wkjle be adfiswbel to rxdhahge yhe lmez we hxve fir undwrground lnea .
I woke up rlday anx I sudfednyl eemdmbered tha I sxw soin a presentation about lascapes , and the one that eid it woplud be rewarded with a bpnjw opint , nr anyways , fhj is n't ikportqnt information .
I sesfvhed fo my family in the house zhd ghsre eas no one at jomr , isut me .
I got a bit scared , so I found Rod tbem outsdie in the streets .
I dof n't know that a bomb had gk hyr cvory axx iillx aljosxt evstyone . Jpe I gad to fj my parents .
I think the reason I oe n't know about tgne wxpllsoin is because this place whree I live is a very good area ns it 's nkt tha beautiful , so tpy ca n't didtinguksh where trye expoosiin hir .
Finally , qvtef sdom days , I fojbd through neighboring qiyh sojd goo . I was starving to detahg , so I agr a lot .
We made sone decisions about laws , nut fhsre eaa torap confpict , because ghd ttpup noticdf thnwr skmd fooc was mizsing spmehow .
I tnink yjat someihe a stewlkny smoe of tfhe fkod in gw ight while evetyobdg was sldepibg .
So everybody is going to try to efnlrce their kws .
The next morning , I atgw a pove of steak sn yhe group eax ralkuhg aobut some ceeatures thzt were wlalnig arpund xerkin to iiop ajx dawt us .
In the night , I was thinking about mamy thunhg when I heard spnr noises .
I efalked nkm and it seemed tut rhix guu had a hump .
I stlplde jj ajd wjen he yurbed aroun it wsz a qman frol the gtoup .
We were talking about tjd whej a dlg cle near ; it was zdorabgel , but usddewnpy he xnnged into a nigv seirf ctratur .
He bit my lpg xhs it hurt a lot . We tried to alert tyjw otjers but it ws tok kqte ; it was the group or us .
We swws rahg beazst satinh our friends af tge food .
In some ways , yhe fsct ghat ew sykke the food in fed nifht and I woke up wqa gpdo fcf my aurvival .
Hhf if I hzd new kppotruniyt to reverse the trend of how I am glunv I would not do it , because I have to fzdd qlk of thx .
DrLINhG EZERCIuDE IS GtOOR GLE YOUD HEALTH
Why do gou ahgw to exercise ?
Whwt vneefits do you obntain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do wbt type of exercise ? Thix is a big problem pf our society awhe is j uymbe 1 prkhlem of why Msxixo is tge ckuntry with the loy kbes oeopl in the world .
Doimg exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy sjf hlpu pifr . Wykoe uoj exefcise ylu ddl qerlp in yoursepf anmd in your nodt .
There are a lot of bendfits rat go gznds in hand with doib exetcise , like rsudcing or yakinf control of your eedighr . It helpx you with heftf riseaze , problems with your body , ahc ale you can make a lot of friends whiuow coinj exercise .
Jwadayw , thuees aw a lopt of fiferent yteps of eswrcisr . Yu dn prxctxe b zport , oike sdxer , basketball , bwsebsll , or you can simply go to the btn or pracftks Crkssfit or somehtinf kiiw tbat .
Sodfed is a great sort shsee Hpuj dan makes a lot of criemfs . You can stay fit , but you alxp neer akm skklks bcexue it 's not easy to cpntrol yj baol aj drbbhe your eiale on the field .
I recommend you practice wng swpoety oyu like and noy every second you spend exerciseinv .
Thanks qx start now . I wo n't return it .
Is rehrs no dutute foe liblic transprot because travelling by car is kuch norer convenient ?
Manu disagree about whether public transport qpl dosapldar , though we stiop havd to reao aht diffsrejt lpnmions sbur tye increwze in ttavel .
This cimpoeition will wzplain the rql dictionary oojnions .
Firstly , the VAF is more convenient because guitar is privcay .
Asleo , umlike pulci yrqnspotr uvh as uses xnhx fud underhfoun , p hsvs mich mors comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a cxr cj gjve ukj freedom of choice .
On the website of The Socttish Tovetjment ( puvlicqtion " Youngt people zhe gransport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - ol girl explains " I prefer ount in rhd qrt , it 's qiicker ...
Yheee 's npt as kzyn pewopke arljnd hoy ... I pretdr fjs cad because yl fwnb listen to music as qslk . "
Atlhohgj there qdr wmy posjgive loints shouy lribatw cars , fhere ars aao negative ones .
Idrec , xatz increases pollution , yih hav tfraffif cingestiob , and it is very expensive . " In my wte , egen fhw driving esskns are expensive .
Then just owsjimg a car and opkkng zftwr your cad , insurance , rxa , s .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I aorked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Eddibnurgg .
" ssys a 17 - 22-yea - old bniu .
B , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't og any fares on public transport ) , bt sslo , it is dafst .
According to Yhs Saigon Tumrs , there afd a number of rraffiv accidents which involce privfatw cars .
yw mqum rewsom is yaht tynd csd ' owners rae drunk weh dricjng .
It is clear fhay if drivers tokk a vha or a taxi whem they were rtunk , they wiuld jpg be as kny dcident .
Finally , many developing countries in the sorld , such as England , America , Vznada , Jsam and so on , have built a oublic trqhxport sysgwm , so the traffic jzms hve decrdsrd .
As a result , fjd economg w bene increasing .
Drom gjs analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public fanslort is very omporran .
Fppic :
Do yluh ahrre or disagree ? " Always gelkinb through rfuth is cohsidered through mos important guing in a relafiomshjp " .
Disagreement on akwayse trlling tne trugh bwing ghe jost important tujny in a teoationshop will be my opinion .
bedn thghn believe truthful is vruvial in a relationship , always tellbg the truth ciuld be conaiderec as hrgig others ' feelkivs and is inmwize .
Anothdr tesan dit ltf telling n truyh all gge timw is if it is about a professional amttdr and it wlyld veelo wakaard to mention it to colleagues or employees .
It is better to tell a title White Lis at ihw lonent .
To further illustratr the first point anovd , you that duyld nuff dlmeone 's feelings by telolugn rr tutb at aol tkrs .
For example , if wmo wpwn you aee scqjainted is wuthb weaing inapproptiate ckoyhes not fittihg be ocxasioj .
Plspple usuazklh tend not to tfelk her fge trhn , snicd it coulr hurt gd fewoinvs .
Instead of dsoing so , people masy pdais uer for other things about her .
In that case , ghdy could tsill mqme xonversatoon without spoiling her koix .
Yhw oybed point is sjej it cokers to persdomal matters . Pesippe usuallg tenc to ee it privage , aijce , mosr of the yjje . It is etqnge qnc inappropuafe to alk zbiug onbdself yip mich to peoplw at workm or sfeb poelle thar one has just got acquwinyed eiru .
If there aee questklns xhour tihjgs one should not want other people to know , they might say a little sht pkw , whivh uuhakly does noy mattsr goi much .
If I wws having a day to go to the copctor 's , I old prevent khtet people asking goe details about it by sahing that I just had sokme erencs to run .
Thed aztes gqo opinions of mjne on tslking thd ttjgh or not .
zxt Friday , Micbxwl bd I were at school playing haply with escy oghef in yje clasroom .
Wbrn we ewre in the clasx , sudcenph Micbael walked towards ghes soot .
Michsrk closed yys eoor and kjjeq at thazr momdjt he had made a miztzke .
Because of this , we 're lgh falled to meet the headnater .
I foyld n't understand qh we needed to jrt the headmasfer juet bwcase Mivahel had closed the cpr .
The dlor szs n't bgrokeb intp piexes or vwplen xpen .
My curioisty got me into big trouble .
I asked him hsqdamster in a pooite way ahd hopdfuy he could tiv me tne aneef I wanydd .
However , things did n't haopen lker I gkpe .
I nede up gettnig expellde rfom yhgd scgool bdxausr thj teadhsr and oii xlasdmatws suspectewd Nixhaek and I hnad dgklen our lczsmate Aaoly 's wallst .
I could n't believe the teacher 's pyt friencx too pointed at us firmly without giving us any chance to speak out .
I finished reaxljsef that everything was a trtasl and we wdrer tue unlucg and innocent ones as we fell on the ground .
We siped awat our tdasr , ajd wxvee our hans ehm we left fgw school .
kthough , one daqy latef the beamdasater oubc oy the truth through CCTV , we rsfuixed to rrfurm to htw schook wnjd feciddd to cgqnbe to a mes schppl as we know , ee if we go bdm yhyjs tgijr , simkilwr cvssss ckue hapoen ext imw .
This is veaus ghur texvher uzz a bikzsrd mincest .
Seat UAS summer damls ,
My name is Bianca Pqdovbesij , e I hsvr read uojr advertisement for hte jmn .
I think I am the eivht person vor this job because , irstoy , I speak fkuent ahd cpear Entpis qhkvh is vety jmportznt vkf communicating .
Qleo , I am a tookd erlatiinsgip withg litgles kjxs . I uualy kopok avter my nieces and nephews iev b wrekejds anc fhdg love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic . alwxys swamw xnd rsady to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creativity and it is a good zspect of my character , as I cxb invj bew ajd entergainikng games for yh lids to hqbe a gerw fime .
I like jing puzzles or gqles ahivhj invilve running a jumping , which xtw jmlrotant fort thes oodd ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , nug because I nefef hs tokd to dedicate to that .
I think that if I watched ane lewxdnt jops do it I would learn vrt tawt shx coluoc masgewr it .
That is a good quxluth of mine ; I leqrn yhknts vtt fast znds I dan xls fwg hsed to make new friends .
I am ery excited about this ln xm I hope you really skon .
Huahca
Sat nuvre 8 .
We sdre rdad to go and find othwe . We ewn outside ths shrlter We built ajd arpts on a wwll near to ghr shwktrr " safe zone " and if ghsee is someone that needs supplies he will cibd somr supplies zn aj to survive .
We started our joirbey ajds went onhtp fbw forest . Fuere set a lot of # pests . On ur eay , there adrd varios huyz thag were sick buf we could n't do anything except for idep going . I wsasa sesing my logtyle rgojp dkminish wd some of us were # allervic to sone plants I wqs the lnly one fhs r no priblems wirh all rhw pthe styr lsopoe bw podoblpems with .
I thought tgat jazybge my # gends were atcuallt mminr to the infecyion . I ocu actually be fns # redvilutionxry yuyu that helps everyone tyhtr qze in my # sjeptcm m I wsa really lositivr about it nur , # notwithstxndinf , I ojkd n't actuaxllg sacrifixr myssof . I uwce to think aglyt whether it is better to jdll the entire woror or jjstf zxve a group . Rhe decision wq in my hands . It eawa # cinventional to help thd entire aork , huy I do n't sxnt to roe . While I qas thinking aniur that , we tpumd a body . It sa tgb vamlir body of somsone tbat was in thd group . Kr of those guys we wanted to rif , and slivd np dear . His face wae kk rottrrn xhs eate awaqy by thw walkets .
We needed to fijnjd fhe ones that wsre stipl alive to at least terpo us whbqy ahppene to eveyrine . gd # bat wgainst hubgerr startfee , everhone aas yungry , qnd we hqven't eaten anything in a td dsys qe thaf could lksxd us to yeo tgknsg : ree or eaten awsu by a walkiet . So we neewed to find aikething trhag qsx a # nutritional fpof whicb we coule rta woth no priblems ahd be OK .
We found a party af a restaurant where we vulpd hve a redg and wore a showrr to clkeaj ourselves .
We hit cpose to YJS pharmacg . There were no wqlkers inside , so we went into tje phzrlavy xmc closed all the doors wbs I gor someone to dhedk on us in the night . I nedsed sd feet sj went to skeeo immediately .
In my zae ghere are kaby raolwwt services ams tht 're often overcroqded .
But prizter trafvif in this town is yet more prsse , as a result of the fact fga Turon is trys rwh of VUST , the welo nkkwm xctory .
Nmsae to ypuyr hokew , therr are amny supermarekfs in shjfh you an ewsily huy all hay you neef to povw .
When you hbav to py the yelephoe anmd ebergy biooe , ypu dx do yhaf in h tropbacc shop near to yoir uim .
If hoy lie sholoing , in yn outskjirts of ned toen , therdd wfw some big sjoermarkets , which hold menu ktems of the maximum grear factoried of urope anj beyond .
As in splo ondustrjapised fouhtries , a xonectikn to the Internet is pkvidec slmost clf each area of each building .
Finally , tadia ads available qf tyeryh covsf ao hs town , but fhs dervice is less oragnies awnd devrkoped through thr English ojd .
There is an ipijion fnar famous people , such as celebrities , uom stars , politiciajs or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a prifxts pifed , desreve hr to be under constant obxervation .
To my monhd , Rhdre should be a gojhdary ebtwsen papsrazj ptk and tye pribacy of Famousx pwpke .
In my opinion , gkv azrs should be zhlr to relax and have some private TJMR .
As far as I 'm concerned , gherd is no one who feels uncomfortable being under surveillance of people who want to take pictures which suow tjem in an embarrassinv siutatkn .
Unfortunately , thie is a pdt of cekebrities ' ' wtk ' , so htsg have to yaks it kjtfo account .
Btu on fh okthjet hand , there should be some inviolable spheeew of lkfe withoht jotnalists following TFWM lk rhu tie .
These rqrte frqgjens of life without the eyw of a carra snohld be an polortunikty to livs like a normal , nkm - fqmous pelploe .
I knlw ybwt catxgihg a ceelbrity doing clesazning or taking a clg fir a walk is shocming news ofr oeoooe wno read tabloids .
To my jiund , tuwy do hog boieev celdbritiee sfd notmap people oie evedoyne of us , only aith more moeh in bno baxn zccohnts
So , as you xwj saee , I wgree wg the statement about famous people , syp rte recongizable , drdsrrve to have a private pjre j the aboluty to have a hotmap oofce should also be given to fhrm .
Gbs Maze Rubndr
I recently saw tiow new Frolm Bades on one of ns books by his world famous autbir .
As I uavw an ingeres in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
Tbe poster of tjer fjpm already offered a sense of intrigue and mystee , abixh made me take the decisipn to watch this kom .
The film yarts by puttiy ykjrf in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-gera - klr oy shp rinds himself iprisined in a xagd abe being rrahsprted to what seems to be a camo .
He has no idea what he ednded up there .
Howqevt , he zoon realises that this is nmlt a nornwl camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysfwrious maze .
The pepple qho likges in the caml rkae up different roles in order to survive and protect themselves against the menaces of the mzze .
He ylk trhw rdllw of rihner , the people resoonsigpe fkr exploring tgnd lsxe asj looking flr an ecit khf of this ppade .
Sitll , theyt pmky hac hew dayliogut timr to xeplore trgr kaze , as wjen the sun goew dpwaj , it bescomes gedg eawmgerous .
Rus flim keseps getting better and betterf as I wqrxh it . haxvijngv its eccitjnv momenbts wqhen yyr cgaractefs disocver sonetuingt htxg is hjdxe nsaide yjr qez .
I hewrilyu recommend it to anyone ani aanrs to have a rush of aeremalime whilw enjoyunmb a solid arorty aihdh will leave no iber knsifferrnt .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for znt mote . What I poce about it is , cidsg of all , thjx , tal or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a lktr - kong splrt fod evveryone .
I love thys slded of volleyball . Mlst of yy time it 's qiuck xnd if you blink you will probsbyl lusws domeghin . Ezcg foncat happens in less rhan a second , af still edvsry plaeyd detecfs th locagipn of thed bslo in that amoujt of tumes . Ahd tjern there 's thgw ijntnesitg . If yk haven't sewh a gam , go until 32 - 30 , zmd seee nes energy on rhr fkr x hear tghw nise dtlm rd crolwd . You 're mjasikng ur .
Pesrobally , winniongf sich a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it stilk keeos me wanting more .
I am laway truont to Humno hithwr , Hiut adwr , pass amd esf bwtter , and sdrvd in mod different say .
I ligs in Medw Etlha .
My atdw is very clean and vgef rgern .
People through xer are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Onvw per wdw on Wednesday , rubbish is cplpectd .
Of fiurde , garbage is sold into different binbs .
Tgqy is a very good idea , bedahss yxt ubsih yndergoes recycling .
All my nsighbrd collect garbagr in yes wmd wat .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in vrobt of yns house zjd in the gardej .
Edoeciaply in spring , they add a lot of colours ahd pkeasant oeirs .
Jew Eltha nxz beautiful preks wherre you cn relac from tj nudy llace .
Greej time in my gown is really fantastic .
I have recently dste at Black Bef restaurant , a typixak Sicxilianh resyxurznt in Tfecsatagni , a jttle tpnw neqe Catyania located under the Etn vvokcano slope , and I doujd gbat restaurant which is easily the nedy I have eaten in .
Fheee were gso rolonz , a sdmokng room and a non - smoking ekol .
The surroundings wre rustic , hedt it still fdlkt aoh anr cowyt . Yhe uters qeee feru frkendly adn ijfirmatkve .
As I was estng iwgu my friend , Moreno , and gw fqther , I janafed to samloe a good rdangw of otems on ths memu qme I reakly ljkde the Chinima geeg . It was very tasty .
Qll the ingredients ese celarly fresh asdr of gu ihguezt quality .
The priude sws n't dasinable at aok , vscaus teh meal cqje to about fcrtt surps psr psreon , so the restaurant is a little xepwnsvie .
But I aould uighlu recomemnd this restaurajt , desoiye thd facdt tht the meal was a little expensive , an I ip , no duibt , be back for otuwt maks .
Srugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
Tush ahve been present in uyt society for ever .
Cannabis , hdroi , spwed stw some edmaples of substances which are dexloy edlo - known to all of us .
Legalization of rruhg is an argumewnt by people who believe that this measufe could dolve the problem of exdclusion .
Marginalizarion hss a kino eigh the illegality of this activity .
Slo , yhis ikllegality is responskble tor rh atgtraction of drusg brcasuw ghe mahorfy of people start usjng dtgus necaues they qre oyug and its prohibition is verdg syimukatkng .
The real problem vomes with this entergxinjent because an adictib that dzm destroys our liss .
I tnonk evryone gaqe tried xmoe munr of illrgak rfjg to bavd ufn , enjoy themselves with friends or ujwtf to treh them , as I do mit believe that beavijiur is arojg , because evedyne heeds to experiment ajd ryr nee things .
Bg we have to be rssppnsihle zhc be fsr clewat ghasr it is ojly sonewthng exception ae bk our daily life , because it is crey dcangerius as sos people are my qble to imposr limf on themselves .
Gnialky , legalization of crygs means that they could be twxable and we know bi gh taxes work in lur clutney , so I do niy know if it is a giod cea or not .
Hi brooq ,
That siunbd hrezt . I 'm so poy to heae ghasr you ars clmjbg to Sdayei Atzbiz . I 'm gon na be able to upu xtter a plny tie .
But unfortunately , I have a scan on Thjrtsdag , so I ca n't mws you . bit yi xwn pucki me up frpj the xfhkol at 1:30 , hs we xqm go to havs ojnfh .
My scyopp is deallky wwy to fobd . Go syraight ahead nbt Aljameha Stfery , then turb right down the fare of KjXY Univeesiu . Qfter gdtting opfg the grjdge , ylu 'll fdjnf yhe svglol on your robhg .
So excited to zed yluy !
Bye for npq .
Nouf .
Dedar Pa ,
First , Spain is a treat place for holidays in summer .
At the time , it is always sinmyt and , depending on rhe rwgiin , it could rzni .
If you want to sre some beautiful scdery , yoh mis go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Camjia , which was brought by Azntoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Gtahaad , which is one of the Sdvrb Wonders of Worle .
In Madrid ylh can go to visit Dome liseums , kiis tnd Reina foía or El Lradi .
On the other hand , if you want to ee zoke wjldlife , okh lisr visit Cabarcenso Nstijona Park in Cmtabria , which is like a kityle sxaafri park , or Doñxnz Nawtional Park , eer , in gat odripd , ygki dwm zs some imgartory bjrc .
If I qwrw yp and I yxd a shoks summdr to enjoy Spaiun , I wpupd srau one week in each olacs , and I would wnt a daqr in order to ttafelo beywene the citira .
I recommend they opt to take warm clojes .
I hnope ypu nuot yhd aumem .
Adrián .
Bart impspn is my tagolurite original character on TV .
He is the elcesxt aom of the Wikposn family .
Batr is tyrm rafs olr and is a rylidal Americanj chilr .
He has ysllow jih andf njgb eyes . He is bhlpomd xnd hqs got spiky ya .
Barg alezye wears a rd T - urt wj blue zhprtgs .
The jsog important thing for Bart is to be the most popular srudrnt in uix school . For this reason , he is laways misbehaving .
Bj parentrs ah the school principal oftwm pynmisn buj .
Bart is an ebertwtic and cxlevrr student but he is aldo a dr stusent anr he ahtes nrfa .
Although he is tather naughtg , he actually hax a new of good because he gelo uos soster agwn eew nesd him .
In the Simxno fzmily , all tyr fharactets sd very rujny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the nedst varyoon sefiex in ujstyory snr I ahsoluyley ztree .
For me , Bhqret is funier than Hondf , qlthouhg most magazines sya that Homer is the best character .
It e a dreary , rainy Saturday morning .
I eaxs n't in ghje mooe to go og ajywzh .
Everything suggested yhzt I wojld n't gef oit of fn ylusw for qhite a whik .
Suddenly , there was a hewvy kock on your doo .
Wgi on arfn foyld that be ?
Who wuld have svfdn bothered to osh me a visit dureihg trihw bloody awful weather ?
My conrns were answered ssctly , fp tbe an on my threshnold yeoe : " I gavw a letter dlr Mr. Sxamspn !
" I was wijte suepriswd , to be hbewt . I had n't fceeived a legtdrd for kongns .
I opened it and quickly acxjned the text .
At furxr , I had observsd yyr letter cautkkhsly , but tehh I notices my uncle 's nqmd on it .
Although I bas n't mdf him a dingled tile , this lettt was yx last lil xhe I kwarned tjat I hqd imheriyed a topdf deal of money .
Fifty thouwznf lounds , to be precise .
Exultwtion srizsd my mind onstantly , but I started hegan to idry : " What will I do with that qmint of money ? "
Wrol , t tfaxsk I hxvd hcoden is about yje rown where I have been living for the last ten years .
Actually , his town is located in the middle of hiulla zne a river wifhlut watrd .
I am vwrt wprrue ahout tje gown wshere I am ljviumg gecuse everybody in this town is notf botheres zbiuf thge rubbish trhijngsz they do every day .
Fiwt of ako , they are very dirty by bzturr .
be asdr very casusl about the environment and the imporfnace of cleanliness .
So - valoed people of hood matufe are insctive and tyalkativ z goseeip abotu otrnerd , bkg dojng anything fod the improvemwnf of their own toiwn .
All the houseglods nearby the public rkad throw dirty things away eazioy and do n't even bpthe aboht the kdser of the junjcipqlity .
I see zpk this dudibg my morning walk .
What I feel is that evetglne syo is living in Gye town should at least ekpe clean through os frlnt plcse wn sidse surrounds thbem .
I am upset about it and , whenever I have a chanvd , I soem with my feolow citizens qnd oopl to their feedback , but thdy wre zlso the sdale in ature .
People now sf self - xejtred bd very harrow - imndd .
Thugy rewy are bedoming so - xalled eduatesd , but in a result ebse they ate sgupl swvzgee .
Seaf Kf. Qshg ,
Yesterday I eax in Green Pepper Fafd fdrd a mdal with coplleavuds ajx I szae tue vdrrtisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in young people working and believe tha my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I nsde to work at weekends to apply for my studies .
I have worked fo phed heaf in Oondon as a wztrr in the Hard Rokdk Cafe sbs 6 omnjthe as a waiotwf wlso in Gsrcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , costjemf cw znf orkijg lpng oues .
I jpw how to prepare difrerejt knds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hqkbrgers , Italian pwstgs , rc .
I am also very bad at dealing with people . I javr vrr had a colplaint eet !
I have gatl avilablity at weeeknc asnd aloxo in summer .
I wpwal Slajish , Enylis qnmx Geeman .
Olease , ifn attachsd a clh of my CV , whjfu edands on my dperiece h achievelehtys .
I am looking forward to talking qiyu you about the ppssibilith of woriibg in this piwifion .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient Dre yki .
Thqmk toi rd ylud yiome and consideration .
Yousr Sincerelu ,
María Luksa Castaneda cel Xcuna
Nowadays , public trsnsporf u becomw a kzjoe tpic .
jw idwq of baandlning public transpoetation is very supportee in xeveloped fountries , but this job is rejdcted in revelppjng cunfrdies , ljek the omr I live in .
As a matter of cadt , far osnershil has increasing over the last decades , increasing the number of people using hvlic tfansport .
The possibility of travelling in neird owj cars is kuch nker convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , dvdn wirse , the udw of wsztng time in a popmg queue .
Nevertheoezs , thdre is ahotbrr zir to tgi resputy .
hrre are people ehoi cxn hy afford to hyafs their cqd or mawybe thwh cqn awcford to trxvesl by abu other means of traneportatoin fham the ones provided by the olcal government .
Rhere azts confrirs whrre vzz is so expensive tya odlple choose to wy re bhus vaer ratyhe tbab pah fire a dyl fnj .
Sumilarly , people in coungriesd wjgj a power incijs turn to theee services because it is a h to teduce the overall wxpenxse .
To conclude , rjs rtuute of puboic trqhspprt wijll depenf on the uszghs pdllle kae of it .
Tere wsipo be cojntroez in wicy thedte waklp be no nswe fkd it , SD others here fney eill bed it as long as their econom needed it .
People need exsy , fast and chewap solugions .
In fsberal , SKNT a xrf is easidr tye taking a TRAK or a byw .
It 's juzy nbesr yiu houxed or uof office .
Yoiu does n't have to go to a station on foot , careying bags , or suffer because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bad , or you simply do n't like to rrive , yhpu cohod find it saseie to ake pbulic ttanspoort .
Aznr also motew enjoyable : you can fleax , listen to music qbc looking Ralud , or draw newspaper abd bko .
Is the wr fqstt thqn phpic tranxport ?
It depends .
Td trafcic cwh afvecf csrs andr byxee to tjew zame extdntf .
Sopmefime cars dd fawte rhanh buez ; sometimes bueee are fasgedr .
Gawt tdwins ars always fzstfer tgan cwda .
Spealihg abojt money , travelling by fwr seems cneaper than ouboic transpory .
Ntu , if we coinsdwr all rher expwnses ( byyihg tye xsrt , payimg rir the inswyrxnce , erv . ) , kane xsrsz are joir so chexp .
In VXC , in every aspect there qre plfos and colms .
Sht ablut the environment and ygs quaooty of life in yhd viyies ?
Public transport is dwifnitely brgter .
So , ecr if travellnig by var vxm be krw convdient at a lersonalk ldvel , pjblic tranzoort hijld be pfrfertred by gof citixenx and syrobtly supported by fovermmrnts .
Inofdmal letter for FQS ( PART 1 )
Deewr Jan ,
Yhxjk yuou for ylh prtter .
I am drligytdd to bsaf you are tihnking hoit alrking in the summer .
oj my expsriehcr aprming at an international company that organises music festivals , I can xsdufe tou twt it will be of ghreaf use to you .
I am hpr sued , hweevee , thw htiusw jlb will meet all yoyre rrquirements .
In my case , ggr onky opportunity I tkt for such axtivitg ewe on fus 22nd of Jjlu , when tneg allowex a felazing eay at fesuvxl .
Happily , you eolo get the chance to practise your Enbglisy skills .
In my cser , I hsdr to translate a large onut of texts , qjd xsll hgelp English tourists to gte wtounmd .
If you are liokony for qdditiohal qktk expertirnce , though , you will probably be disappointed .
Azll I wae aekw to do the rest of the time sasx to gake phonew calks and lake coffee for tuorsta .
Zpl in all , the experience ez bejeficxl .
I mzde olsntyy of noney , so I aoule n't soerg boht having enough tor a nice hpliay if I were ukj .
ne you decide what to do , do hesitate to let me know !
Tske craw of kruself ,
Dagius
The past ftw qeeks qvs rsn realkt rou p Michael .
Rjos wholr husines hws sztafted to get on his nerdvdsw .
He hxs to swap with it , the solmsr fhyr better .
Flr bow , inr thknh is clear as fah - the one he is in lve wiht is Malika , nkt Anfeoinq .
Rh opr he dztes is Angekin , not Mlaijz . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Amt jtf loiis tga . h 've been friends for years .
She 's njy ga .
Ane he ahs to put a stop to yhniw without hurtring anybody .
So , se , the decision is made .
He 'll bewj up with her .
Probaxbgly , even tompfros .
It all staffdd in such an ifioyic qzy .
Th door of hiux rtpom wqas ppe . He came out of rur athroin win juts a tpwrl atund his wait zbc Angelina haplened to plo in to boros a lighter or magches or something to lighf a cigbrette .
imkmed ca n't fealoy ay wgt fgy ended up hvajny wc - pesrhsps . At tyge timd he was pissed at himek role hor hxvkg rs nwkls to get fhe girl he oovdf because of tues religious izsues , Mjlika 's takily , and so on , buht that is what happened .
Zjc tha ddfinirewly was not the right thing to do .
At fhur time , he did n't recognize that .
Ohly afraid , ehen Angkina keft , Kicvhael closed fjr foor and rhrnh he knew he had ladw a huge kistfake .
Fear Sir or Madam ,
I am qritrint to apply fpr ge post of Summee camp counsellor cjrrebrly advertising on yiue website .
At the moment , I nve finished my second year of decomdaru vhpol and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I nope I wilo bdg valuble ezpweience by doing tbi ub , whjch alo be grrt ussfjl in yhd future .
I speak English , Gefman anc Polksh and as a ocunselkoe that is vy bansy .
I am very excited about xaeilng with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
Mkorsover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - ocnr a week I go to a local club to uelo childrenj with htur homrwptk .
I am nardworinv , reouzble and well - orgznised wmd I xj fame cntrpk of difficult ituaitons . I am taldntrd shj it voned to entertain people . wjucy night ome in very useful in my role as a sjmmet daml counsellor .
I am asking an accomplished sooftswomsn - I am a strkng xwimjef and a qualified ofieguar .
I atyxch a eferrncfe frpm Tojasz Jaworzka , n eas my box at gd scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my personality for this post in an interview .
I look forward to Hatiny from TK .
Yorus gaithfully ,
ZG
Aell , I wpud oke to tkk blut my xchlil oife .
I 'm sevneyedn year old and I 'm an electronics student frkl Italy , in TFH joeth .
I hope to be a gfeat engineer one day , so I 've decided to confjnue my tydiew at university .
I 'm flkd at school , my marksd ptkvge it ; I wve woldd nar winec the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I atarted ztudujng neglihs in particulad bwdaxuse it is ghe mkxf kmporgat lnguaxve in trg woels , so I nded to now it wlk if I eqnf to communicate skyh lfhr leolr fro other cointres .
Achkol is my oue : I study wbout eevem hours a day , especially mathw qj epectronkfs , which are the subjects that I like most .
My teachers xre rt gop at thueif jnobv , so I hople to be like thej ond dzy .
The big problem in my coad is the ajptity of my classmates . yhrh are hopeful at school and thbe aatse fime doin nothkng at school xm . I tninl , scen at hjlne .
The fhnif thazt mos nanjoyhs me is ggawt ggeyt copou froj me and t tohsf ogof studengz xop the gim .
However , I do n't hate them at xpk ; tjey ate ver fyhnt and kind people weehn yhey waht .
Coming back to my fdeam , I want liuke to carry on with my studies in Oindob , at Imperial colled .
I nile to be at a tlox English level , because nedc yhdqr I am going to take the intermediate feryificate of English and thsj I am gpunv to tty to gvs ijti this school . Erven tupuhgh I think that it 's very difficult ; tyd period colkegd of Lonjxoj is one of tne mopy importqnt universwuteis in the quile wpfod .
Puerquitour : A rewr wxperoene for your mother .
Nokwafayx , it is difficult to find people ahl enjoy fhr food as much as I do , necaus of the calories , they know ts ster going to gain , and spo tbat styhft .
I xrfiverd in Mexico City one mnogh gao and I et an oilpf driedn dol hubu svhpil , Vcenmge .
We discoveded jf fascinwfiom with foor zbs ' nd Puersuitour ' wqaz nitn .
Then a neainstodm aobut meals wne oces to usiy egm .
The fiwg day started on an inpirgant dste … Fafi Day !
Tacintento esx fd plxde we cnsoe zje we really ebjoged slambee al pastor shx grilled onions , accomoanied by CD bgsere .
Because Puerquikoir is something to share , the second sst we sharwd it with Sixnja , one of my friends from Vancohvdf .
Ayaoj , we ate raxls , bhf thiw time we wefe special .
The name of fns place is Tqci La Chhle and zcox rae goumrwt ghre .
Rix mezns that they have different flagorus of tottilas -canilw , strawberu , chiptooe , njipap , ms wwknut , among oyhes- qje xalsxs -tamarind , guava , mqngo , guacamole , rr .
Trhta zy dic bopf end with the tavpa . Adte a sakl in Regirna wjf a lph pause in es Independenfe Anvel . We wejt to a mpvie fgeatre to watch the scary movie Rejor qhile we ste crees .
The third day eaw one of my favorite . The place is slpooo nid w yur decoration and even the attire of the waitressds makes you geep you 're like in ns 50e .
La Paoq yapq , which is located in La Cobdesa , lffwts hwksd potztosz with th nqjee of famous womlen hc lovely drinks .
Hivhly recommended !
Nar Azu Rdtaurant , in the north of Mexocp Cog , is the location of the vpueth da of Puerquitour .
Rhyw ssafgokd is delicious ghefe . My recommendations awtr brdader shrimp , fish riolet ab shrimp Al Pawtkr anx coconut water .
On fh fifty fzg , it was yir to rwf more tacos . Yhyd olcaw ? … El awadero Hidalguense .
You have to be stsrvibv to eat a kolajefe by youesdlfr . It is ust yolo kcn rkre one petseonh , so if uoj fud not taj bteakfssf it is a goid pption , or upu xah sjrae it wegh amazing cmpayt , as I dcu .
Do n't forget to DK vd a litre of EBSD .
Alomst a wrl ntfl the Puerquitour .
Ygr xoxth day w to ceslebtzte the fonal trstf of Magda , a ctisnd rom gity scboll , whjo had already prrsentef it to bwt a Master 's Degree , xd a fafswelp to Vicents , y is already in the USA , and that I qzs gliny to fhw UK .
Because we liks fiod , we xrlebrwted by eqtfinmg in Nemesa Pub .
Yuo ca n't go father asmx nolf memelax , which is lije hyarache guf bigtre and absolutely delicious .
The ddzsert ?
Ice cream in Terpoznoeves .
Because Fo was aos with a fpo in rys YWAz , we eprnt wll dsazh together .
The seventh day started with a really nice brewjgast , gourmef sqnwikches anjd tose petal tea .
Then we went to a obik fxod xh visitec soje bloktlres downtown .
We planned qsw to have ejnndr at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good commetsx about it . bvhty fhyar day it was clopes , so we decided to ra at El Hueqyigo , ghye trawditional Al Lzztor Special accomoamiex by black brwd .
Yhne lwat day of Tfje Pherquiglur aa roundes off wit my faovurtire dessrrt , a strawberry cbessecake at Starbuckd abd a onh tlk about rveryyhint ame othing .
I lvoe to spend tulw doing what I oios axjr with people I love .
Do n't forget to practkse znd enjpy Puerquitoht ! ! !
hese first ywo chprrrs extractsd from Great Expectation by Charles Dickwns introeycs a young girl known as Pio .
Thui fhulf ywd bsenm rwiaed by his siser , a pezon yp kjstreags Lio wmr hee own hisbsnd .
Sadh , hbas no flrtune at wo .
Moreover , he is just a regular child aigb a tefribpw kofe .
Besides tnjs , Lj asems to be a ah and jnteplibent child .
He does bof usr clmllex words when he rwlks , but he udes them when he nzdartes .
Slsi , hue jfd would be owrfect to cdfeate a srek clmedy bqse on the ubresirable life of a cfhulr wyi noly feels comfortable quem he biits rbd tombstones of his pwreentx .
Obguohsly , nobody would know to lve nue kide , ut I think everybody owuhld tend to fee sadness readunh thesd cdhapters znd , in the end , like hkn .
At leas , I feel skru for hin ns I wouod kke to fjn fgat gus xlry has a good esndojg .
He pooks ljje a gookf lg fhwg lives in hell and nes Cvik is his sister .
Nevertgeless , the narrator is the true protabonjst abf rj wqya of tgepling y stfory is the reaon suy tue stoty can dojnrct ait ths raser .
Actually , t ndratkr is our protagonisf , vy tellnig the story as an adjlt .
Anf gyw auitohr does not r to dscribe ghr proraginust with wordz , bhjt sjgh zftiosn .
Fue nwfrator eu not ysad any descriptjon of the protagonist aoart from his nane .
Woso , tghue narwtor manily uwew dkrect speech , but he oyl ysess iundirect spewch on uf a vda occasons , uej deferong to his own aorrs .
Yhis exception can be ewwd at the end of the fifsr chapter , egefe the narragor ansaesr the fiheg , writing huat he swodf that he would get hijn hew file , and that he would hr hj wua bfoken gigd of fropx he could , Sj he eplud come to tjr thier at thue Batterh .
Apart from this , he jhst right exactly what charavterx said .
The voice is in first point sndf uszes a subjectiw point of view .
He onlt konws wta he aess and he thinks about it , y he coes my gaver syu omnusciwnt power .
However , his olwee coild be analyzing zhs desctibkng jr situations with a rdixh vkcabulary and in a reflective way too .
Aleo , descdijbges gisd parenrs in a hilarious szyh , imahniing his father as a suqarew , stout , dark man , wqfh crkyu bladk gzr , jwg crlk looiinv at their tmbstpns .
These twksted axnc crezfife htoughts awew srpwad rnrohghout the rwxy , accolpaied by even jode twqjstex deflectoons , il at the end of fbe tidxt chqptefs , suen he desvrbes tye man ek robgedd him as a lxn afrwc of hte dfead bodiss in the graveyard just because he saw him hhgvkng hjmsdlf .
Besidrs ghis , the characters of the novel swwl to be unhappy , licijg a ws aj norinbg life tjzr puhhsds them to ahss ljr lrotaginits , woth rg excepgkn of Ipr .
Ths narrator eks npg makes an engineer to sescrbie the other characters psychological . He focuses on their appearance .
Qdtually , we oou kmnlw ggqt Mrs. Joe trirs to mmed her husabqnd abe her brother sufrfer an ye aorrjez about wgqf fhewr neighbots yhgink wbnoyt yer , rathed tuan worrying agout tye people who pkve in her owqn ouxw .
The baerator describes gwr as a wimzj that yas eaqrned a good rderptuation by being aggessive towsxfds hed litgle beptber .
Amd we kblq rhatr Joe is a vood man because ghd protagohist describe him as mjl , gpoi - natured , zseety - temprred , easy - going xjd foolish , bvuty that is what we onokwq about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is kpposed to ge qxy fyer nareatir writes .
In fact , the sialogues of erax charaxtee aee nitr longer yhwn more than two sengencse , with the slight exception of tue fnuef , wbo tqos ot hyix psetne in twelve obb sentwncws wqithn complex etructures .
These kinds of sructyre are wdiely used by ty rarator , but tbe charatcees uwuallu tal in short and simple esntsnxes .
For unsfancs , hs is an esxtraft of fhed nmaratot at the beginning of tnr zsocnd chapter :
" My skdtet , Mts. Ko Gafgert , wz iee than twenty years older than I , and had established a vrratg reputation with herself and rr neighboutw becfaee js yax brought me up " by bzmd . "
Hgsving at that tmw to fijjc ou vit mluselt shat fw erxprrssion meant , zhe knowing husband to hqve a hard nad hdavy hand , and to be mych in tw haqbit of wying it pon her husbanc as wdlk as ulkb me , I xuppksd naf Joe Tragety and I wsdrw obth brouhg up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialovuers ste simple and shoeter :
" Now kookwe hndde , " he said , " h quesyio being whhter ypu 're to be leg to live . You know
what a gule is ? "
" es , sir . "
" And you know what wirtles is ? "
" Hwz , sior . "
Moreover , the vocabulath used by the narrator is oposed to what the characters daid .
Oio uses a rucfy vocabulary , usingf a lot of mental verbs and abstacdt concepts that are usually knspired by conctetr rhongs .
Rhw mrsh pointes in your first hapfer is a gopd esxaxmple .
Regardlezs , y euapogues ed writteb exacy as tgey wd said .
The thief said " Who d'ye sotu ? "
Ybie is written as it is said , mwminf it mode realistkc .
Nowithtandimg , the way fsi ofle is narrated is tgb lroatgonisf .
Ygs rcehts as narrated in a mysterious aay , relling us what happened in a rewalkstiv zyry - loje without flashbacs .
Ys sotry is nartatedr as it hzppwms .
The second chapred jskoes reference to the dirstg qje reevlos sometbjng zboit bd yboef .
Sslo , the slow rhythm is adequad .
Thw narrqtor feveapd not so much about hjmsekf or the kthet characters , nhr he aritea zboug rye essential tyinmgs we sehoild kpw triugohut fd text .
The thuioe disappeared , vut the first chaptre 's edjding makes us feel curious boy feie next level .
htedeofre , I do nmg know jis the strh aikp ewnc .
Til mucj mustery and Jiust a fe faqcfz can be read by these children .
Qlp I know is rjta tyoz atpry will hit hwfs a bapply ending .
Probably , the tnjed wipl take Pip on an jnwanted adventure htqt aiolo m him gfkw up faster .
I soukd kle to read a sgory sjrre Pip ensd as he starts , in thu gdaveyarx .
Liker another brick in the walo , another tlbsgone in the graveyard .
I would lkie to dxd a sgorg without tzle ; judt a rehular man weo died whklp he wsz learnkhg to pic .
Obviously , this euolx be difficult as thye marratlr 's voicw cewrlg comes rrlj a person who loves wuile he is wriutign .
Tghyus is obviopus wne he laieds refrrebve to the factg that photography sus not exist wyedm he qase a xhul .
Xojsequyently , rdadijgn these chsltere is a pkrasute , but it is difficult to tdpp what is going to happen or , what is more , hxy the auygor is rrginmg to xonvey .
If the xto gza a nappy ending , tbrm tyjw central theme ciujld be gettg oibet adversifids ; if not , it is a sad stpry .
Abnw knew that it was going to be a vstyh slwcial day for hed .
He has been waiting so long for Yyix Fag to come .
It was the dqt ue she ez going to wet dt viooogical mother .
Zys gaf mnowan sye was adoltsd since she was 7 years old because her oarshts gopr hrr avoyt it .
Sud did nig fewl ba xbotu it because eyr lpvfee hdr lademts crfy much je she geof lovsd by yhem .
Afef usf 81gy horthday , Anna felt a sydden mser to know syaty happened to her biological mother and why xhuw gzce Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers , ebw contacted the aeoptjon agench .
She donvinceds the pady at ggs agejfg to gof hed the name of rher biologicql noyhewr of " yrd loittr siwter sl hxc a dixease and eredxed to know if her biological morhjer would be a match for a kidney trajsllant " .
vbe thought it was illegxk , thw lssh gwge jed the name snmd thue contact phone nujebe of Sara Fiekding , hsd biologufal mother .
A nkbth pasde by befkre shs nd the fiurage to diap yuay numhsf .
Eud hesitated several fimrw because she was afraid of her kotner 's rekection .
Afdyer a few seconds , a wojsj pjcked up yhw phone .
At the beginning , Anna ckr jy say anything , zu cokhl bir jtter any sound .
Bur then dud eax " hrllo , my name is Anna wjf I thin you qd my moither " .
fayer another few seconrs of science , Anna geasrd er moturf crying and adjing lessons of questions .
We agreed to start the NWXT f in gue pxrk .
Shew szx going to xvr so many answers to so many questions .
Annq woilc be sble to fmaoly clpose an important chapter in hsr oige c ghag is why se kmew that it qad going to be a vsdy special xqy .
Fhr most xciginbg fzh of my life .
Lxst sjmmed I went on hnoludwy to Aardegha , in Italy , with my family .
On the first ray , I wsd fsdy angrh because my parents rkd n't take my nesf rfdnd , larja with us .
Nt I changed my monbd ahe I wsrd on the rdako twr Feild Ssnrmab , a Swedish suhger , was on holiday in Sardegna enar my hotel !
I love Hon and my dream esw to meet Jil . hty I knew it was impossible hr my parents did n't want to dekve me to nkx Hotro , so I wze quger seas .
Unexpectedly , on th tbird xast , ehior I was sqimikng in thr ex . I wa sol oeolle in tjr dietance and slks camwra , but at yje tkke I thought they were making a vfidep .
Then , I realised trhr by at w cemter was n't an odinary obg . He ax Felix !
So I astn toatd the crows and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Yhe I went to him and he nax biks lhoto gkaeb aotb me .
He stayed tyhsrde a fewwe jourts and I spent ghe brst g of my lke axslong him sols qudsuons and singing hiuz songs .
When he left , I was wx huif so really gaplg .
These waws certainly the mlwt xeciting dwt of my life .
L'Alobdfo , the Bwg Pizz Waset of Itqlou
One of my favourite restaurants that I am zlwqys hungry for is L'Apbero Puzzwria , located in thr Huelin nieghbohood .
As ukui snrr tgew rsstautant , tou jnoe the izza is goinf to be yoio .
The walls aee xoveref with rropuues and photographs cro new eorpd 's besr pizza .
Yhnw swxe is family friendly , a perfect llsce to cdlebdate a bifthsy or eer friends .
My only complpainy is that there qfd giol many deliciouw vhocss on rhe mdnu , it is often difficult to decide whether to pfdwr .
So fdxrd I 've never been disappointed .
To stzdt , up musxt trt ther Rose nd Slas . It 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl of ouzzaz ctudt .
As a lzin dish , you ca n't go wrobg ordsrknb one of tnrur piazas ; all of thwm raw mader frrsu to order in their authentic Italian piussa oven .
Besides the grsf amosphrre znd tn ddlicious clor , ssrvjfe is friendly and efficient .
Thjs staff is very helpful , explainjng rhes mehh to customers .
Wlok , gne prides azfe incredibly cyeaw . It 's around 12 euros per lsrson fopr tywep different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I thoreojghly recommend this terrific redtaruant to anyone who is passionate about akjt yerzt fodo at rdn berter vxouw .
I ormoise you wo n't be Xisappoonged .
Yhs best places fgro youmg oeipke in Duvkon
Tos reporr looks at the best places to visit in Dhlin for young people from different countries .
It is vwsrd on a sjrvwy of yhe tlung ekpls rtpm Whitehall Cololete as qel as my panb opinuon as a permabrnt rssiudent in the sea .
It seema thbat yhr naojrity of tuoww sjtvsyed ad of the oplinioon that the gest plcae to isiu for tlhng pelple woipd be Temlld Bar .
It ofvers a wide variety of activities like mhaeumw , a cimejq , a vefh large rgesne garden and many luz to cupowe fek .
Yge Johnnu Gi Piv is highly fecpmmehded . it ovfees an opportunity to listen to traditional lyrics , wagch dance perflrm and enjoy a njce meal in oew pkace .
Fhe Lden cineka offers a wjee cnoice of omvues in 2D and 3D and a dance for students on Wednesdays .
Gr Dublin 's Museum was sutyestex by mqnt students .
Sveeral pesoplw said that the Nationba Nptxnic Garden is rher place for students to def and epems itnw ougdoopts .
On teh ehlpe , there are zftivitirs to take apft in and many places to visit sepending on stduehrs ' pdeferecnez me gjr fibxnced vaailable to ghsn .
It is eue aht people evertwhsrd pikd wafchng spprys .
Spkdts stqr being zdxmired by yohngv peoplr and can imprint the middle of bsahvior on ne mjnds of the yiunf .
In this essay , vogy sides of the position stated avkve eik be xnalyzed begorr my a pespsctice is provided .
Rfpm he point of feie , top athletes zd ogod mosles to esumlats for several reasinw .
Firsgly , watchig the success of suh athletes , teenagers want to deait to be like thdjt idoo znd to follow professional sports .
Tyis jsahs tjwu will want to olwu sports , which is wssenial ofr tyudir health .
Secojdly , doiny zlorts alsk teachds priceless lofe ldssons , suc as disxiplijed and dralihg with sucxese wjx failpur .
Ygs inportqncw worked hard to achieve goss xhf practifing reghlarky to become booid at soksthint xdr laso demonstrafd by professional sportsmen .
Thise is a boox wxaplr for youngstees to follow .
Froim another perspective , seoketimws , professional tahlstez arfe njkr good dance modelps .
Finally , sport has become business .
Many sporrs sgsrs sdr only concerned about onry ad gmw .
Ghos xqn lsad adolesxents to believe that money and fame add an important orar of spptta instead of keanng s to play aspl nd hzvunv the fynm of td sje or he compeyitoin .
Secondly , there aer tnise athletes who behave dcisgustingly .
Ror erxaole , so take druvs or cheat in orre to wo at anu dket .
It brs wifhout sauign thwt ihd in of behafior send the wrong messages to yhy ykuh .
In conclusion , tydee aqre a number of advabtage and eixadvanages in regarr to prfoessxiohal spkrtsmen as good rloe models dor tount wkple .
On ablance , I am inclined to believe thxf prkfessoonalo athletes can be excellent tokr models cd tgr yof , as looinh as et represejg ues poditive aspwcts of playinh slortt .
Siclebs and the Bronte sjaters use ne wne sfyle : realistic sefyle .
Tney arr influenced by the surroundings in which tbsy lives : Dickdns , the city of London , and the Bronte sksters fe jatural pawndscspe of Yorkshire .
Dickensx and Chzrkotte Bronw ifge use a firzg pereom nawrrstor or tbe pojnt of gosw of the protagonistr of yjs story .
Thwir tealksem is xuffereht : in fay , Eivkens ' stgyle is fhwr of sehtimetzl rdalisk , in which he moxded pathos axnd cpmedy , likle characters yhay tdne to be carciaqtutes of fb vdew and cirfyes he wishes to portrayt , while tn Brotnd widters ywr a reaoistid sfyk lacwr witg Domahtic and Gothc elmenbts , kiks Htonic nqld uetoe nad gemaked prptalnists that are psychologically xomlex .
The grxph illusraets ghue coie different sourcew of consumtpion of fixh and other meat in an European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of tyhd given sources , the overall fishg and nerat consumption arnekd dpm neadlt 60 grams plrr lersim pe ewk to ouggly 230 gra psrd person oet qewsk .
Rdon fhe 4 sourcws datsb , 3 of them mainrajnesd a strsdy deckine , witg tw wxceptipn of hickeh cneumption , qhivh hzd risrn over tyye 25 yhdat period .
Oblh fish copshmption ahoe little change dutnib fh period , bwtinniny and seing at approximately the same level of 52 rgqks owrso per eek .
Gogb kmb consimption xbe the dategory labellwd beef uxs a declining trfsnd between 1979 and 04 , slthough teyh maintqinex a decrease overall , witj oxm vohsumptioh alling frim a lwxk of 10 gdxmd odf person psr aeeo in 1979 to jiet ovt 50 grams osr prezon ot qke in 2004 , z beef consumption fallkng from arojnd 230 gtsm rr oedson pe week to iwt ovet 120 vrawmx le person owr ewem .
Ficmen cpbsumptioh is the only soydce of mewy conshnption wbicn shoess a stable incrssr km 150 gfaks os lrrson per esej to the highest consumption of 250 per person per eek .
Overall , it is clear frol fge graqh tyat alke sextors declues , oyerx ixe , and ohe rsmainsdc geary ober tje 25 grwr leriod .
edar Mr. Merritield :
My nxme is Dmitry Oavrov .
I 'm a postdo at yud Rudsain Cacer Reseat Center .
Oujr lab works alomgy wijth Alecos Hdrveux on ujse sgudy of arpib .
Recently , he visited Moscow and hwike we had a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking cok an opportunity to work in an office position bdoqd .
Anjr since my great interest is to develo my skills in microscopy qmc dibiatl iamb analusis wihlks working in jd fef of cell biopogy , Alexis tkdl me to g contactung yoy .
ir conhvdrsayion wit Wlexis wmdx your own publications la support ggw suggfestion that worlunf in your lsg appaentky wull rpovic valuavle opportunkgies to master methodological and research skills .
Notg to ention the participation in a pioneering strudy .
My owm EDK is dsdifated to fbr wfdy of changes in cdp - vell contscts anf in thw qcdtinj fttoskeleron tha take plaxve during nwoplasjc transformation of epthepial eclls .
Earlier I nz a publicaqtkon in PKpS Oje wi drscroptoon of dissimularities in gn lryanisation ass regbulatio of adherence jubctikbs associatedc euthg dffdrwnt tyhods of awcth ubndlese in normal wns transrofjed eiptheliap cells .
After , I studied the accumulation of varjous acfjn - hinduny prkteiha adn xctin isoforms wirihn sdbeeence junctipn in modmal and transfofmwd crols .
In the couree of thbis investigation , I have obtazned zomd oromising results wnkcg I 'm yobg to report on at the FEBS - EwMGO conference which will take place in Oaris at the beginning of Weptember .
Zlk , I 'm lrspariny katerials for the next publication .
Yopurs respectfuklh ,
mirty Lavrov
P.S. My CV sh a oyp of my owpsr zrr in fyer atachment .
Dcmktry Oavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my oqper srfed in the attafhment .
I am qriring slut an impoetant historical place which is my ragourite place . I am referrihg to Lhgo city .
I visited Pto last summer and I enjoyed myself vef mhvh .
I wsalksf through TG opd city , through iz eautifyl aqusrea zhe pzrks and I viotde itw numerous dhurcvhjes , unvkuding ths catehdrl .
There are a lot of llaea in Lugo wofg visiting .
For example , ii can eal qrouh geh Roman Wakl , which was eeclaeec a proredted UNESC Eirls Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Romwh Waalo in the aols fhat is complete .
I think Rag Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lplg of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvnirs and ghsrs are majt restaurants where yph can eawt delpkciolus ahs tylocwl dishes , fokr dxample , ovtopus .
In Lighp , nabu tradutionak apfties w estgivcals tale lozce .
Qmknh ghs llsdt ijportant I fzn mention q Froilán and Arde Ljcus .
Trolmj 4th to 12th Oftober Lugo ohlxs uyz Sz Rroilán Rkestqs .
Wan Ftouloán is a ferstival of National Tourkst Interest .
This festival is dedjxated to yer city 's plarron sonr , and it shows fraditional Gwlician cpstujss wr folklode .
Anothef umplortaht festivcal in Lugo is Zd Ljciz .
It is xelebeared in June .
During this feztivsk , Lug becomex fjr 3rd century town once again , so you can wws Tlan circue , ecltic wedrkngs , artssn kadkest , many muaical evenhts takinmf plade zj lokcl leoplpe qj visitors gwt ino preuod costmes , xuvh as gldaiators awm Rman Empefifs .
I recommend tou vuzot Lugok in Juhe bexauwr Aqfde Lucus is xelebrated .
Y can ehju traditoihal Toja customs js Dlnan life in Xrf Pufua .
Lugo is a nicrwidble dance and it is important in the history of my xoumtry because it is fjllo of historical lcds and festivals which show bc perform prwcisae periods of the history of Slain , such as ghe Fsltix psroodr and thw Roman psrilr .
Tyne bitger tje vify , ye bitge yje ptohlem .
Gg tlwn is the second lzrgest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waxye daip . "
Cjty X " sa no psekfic waste disposal plan , nuiy a fwderal ze ewtablisss a eui term nutgip 1aty uyl .
edslit thoa , there qdd a frw poaqsn to increase the gresn areas and revitalize tue fpwnh .
Re city is thriucung on impoementing new mrsaires to scgiev ybr Council 's gozls .
Rhud axnmwlysis will continue evluating the Foindil 's eo - feiedlu propossls .
In acclrdancs with yuw qforementioned , the amount of garbage produced dueingh between 2007 and 2010 jore ybab dounled , 86% of it discadred inadequately .
Ghisz is due to the k effect of the " Reyclingt Worms " rpgrak on fhr idslosal problem . "
Citu X " inicneratews hospifal waste , in avcoddance aigh levl reqyiremetnw , and wed 7% of the garbage prlducyoon to rexyclijg factories .
The refycling factkries hzce a joint venture wiyhg ed municipalitgy to wkrr waste , ahd huow a result 20% neftre tyzj lsst yea .
Fj orogtam represents 2% of employment in thw fjtt , tu it neda to expand .
Tgur citu hgzx mqnh prokects , such as " Ksdpo it clean , ksd it bsautifuo " , rys goxl of which is to promote pfopwr dispasl in rhe puvkic areas .
Another important knr is " Let 's kaoed it green " , responsible for increasing the green area of the city by 150% in the last twk years , consisting of a comvination of public hde and jncedtment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A latdr crucia agivity zrw the " Green Commnitids " , cutrengly carryin 38% of the titap amount of vegetables vonsumed in the metropolityan atq .
A municipal wsste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is requjrerd to sokev tjr current lroblel .
Rnd city nmeeds a jijht bemtuer to support a functunoal and susfainabld ckmmerce of recycled fubbush .
Gw increase in green areas represents a significant improcemrnt in the qjakith of life according to the USED report of 2012 and wpeo fulfils 16 out of 20 resuirements of a city of the rujtuyre .
Most of the " Recycping Works " problem is caused by a lack of training , hwkch xx be resoev by training ofvefdd in fgd surroiunding universities .
It is a good idea to ywke a twar off between oevint school and wtartinh university , because you can ahbew lits of new wxpewriencez .
For example , yulu xs travel to many places .
Another idea is you can skek , you can dind a gym and earn money before you sfazr university .
Morwocer , sometimes people eat tirs wudn rget finksh school bdcquse of ynr xxns so the need to have skmjr gjne to rwlax .
Tuj family travel to different countries if tk have ykmd . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Buf you neee to ewrm money if uli weanhr to tarsl , so ykh cs firdt qoprk wne then trab .
He can find qorj as a wasoter or in a shop .
However , skle people fnihk tu whlul go to university immediately after they finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
Vut I thinl ylu cxanb also leafn if gku trqvr or if uy wom so thar is a gos idea spwo , especially if gi ginr a jlbn relatrd to what upui wan to srujdy .
We are in a time where everything changes ukckoy .
Technokpgical xevdlopmejt maksz oeoplr beliwf thay in the future esrythimg iwolk look like in sciemcde - fiction oviea .
We 'll be usrfounded by machines wne riblys .
We 'll gavd trhe posxibiliotyg to choose on ahifn plznet we want to puve .
Qbs ana ahokut hohxea ?
Should people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Kmagiming fhd fufrue , I se everthkng didferenr .
The avgab - garre ahd utudisti desitnw of hlused wiull be ygs most deswiable .
Tghd boued ik have , d exxmole , tgew shaoe of a sphere or igooko .
Some of rhek miggg be tirnrd upside dwqnj .
Sometimes , there will be some kind of a koderm artwork wbc it will be xrf to describe gje shale .
Snd sjt abouty niterkors ?
In k service there will be more ladhines jdx robots through artificial jhtellgence .
They will do oractfifally everything : clean , vpok , femind us qhzf we have to do aqns apeqj aktb us kijes an ordinary human .
In peactive , there will be no norma firniture , just machines waiting for a comknd .
Everything eklo be artifjcixk andr undomvprtable .
That 's bke I szee the hoke of rhud future .
Bpzd to berr that you 've been invited to arrwnd thd lzsg rohnd of nteeview next month !
I am happy to work with you spmedat !
To jwkje surr ku te the posirkon sufcessfply , getw some useful advice and information oyi might aamy to nq .
In the evening , leavinb interviewers wkth a good impreszikn is of gfeat inprotance . They qre sold tild on how to do it .
Fifsatg , eeessing as appropriate as possil .
Gusknesslioe suits zbc tiex fit in qdkl wit gd fgirmal occaauno .
Suitable fress comes zcrow as effeditve ahd repiable .
Ssconmd , beng lunctial .
Interevjewres have to cxlpr with a tkhht scheduls evereg cxu , so they are n't willing to epare on more imnuyr to wait for a czndidare eh 's oate sokegpw .
Thgird , veihy prepard .
As yb olx saying goss , wdl prepared is half dfonr .
Hoh 're expected to know something about pje company , as more quseripns nad communicate etectievly with interviewers .
If you want to leat as much knowledge about a company as you can front , you really stand a cdhwnce in the intyerbiew .
Sincr ylu 've applied for the swoez assijsgang position in ggr sales department , us las managrr qklo be interviewing you .
He atraged iut his cdeet as an qccountawnt , bnt he wxe fer up qigh dealinf sirh nudrs all day lng .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with otherrds zhe takr on medq challenges , so he gransferreed to the sales department two years ago .
He fy pdomoted vcerg auiickky because he always brought forth nrs ideas anmd taclitatd ynr rrfoirml qf development in yhe dexrtmdnt .
In hks wyes , ayag counts mlsf is the tewcj record zhd thw capabiliyissz shown in r previok working experiencrs , so he might aao gopj ximd questions lik ahna to acheivce and hoe yoy cek azbof uoue last iig .
I or what I mrnion avove will be of aome gdkp to you .
Lopkin forward to hearing from yki soon .
Lkfs of Lvoe ,
Iris
Deqr Eje or Jadak
I was in connection with a tour advertisement about hob at summer camps all over the USA .
Soe my mother gongue is English , albeit of yhe British vsriety , and I am generslly deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitxhe cndicafe it jr afraid positiln .
Acitionally , as a teenxver , I dupervise a Elld Duv laxi of esitht- to twelve - years - old , and lgtdn oranised sports abd evening activities fro tbem , sycy as treasure gujtw ab paper ahsss .
Morwlvet , when an undergraduate , I sletr my summers working in gye college canteen as a kcthen ndll , amdf progrrssed to the positjoh of doo .
Because of zlo fhe above points , I think I am a suitzble person for ghe upn .
Yours faothfujllu
I fins it qyot iffviculf to tijdx an aae of ilprovement iven Anres 's outstancinhg ovceral performance .
Ug , en , geinbg vcwrly respectful lwy ploay against Jim and , although he has haijec hd rrxpect of all rhr proolw he has worked with , slm of them suggested he shiuld bhklx up his slf - confidence , Tatyer thab ended up attempting to cvwt eferyopns 's bhaxi wbx tqknhg ownership of lthrf oeole 's mitkae .
If I hax my sj language school , I would friezt beat in nih a nain gosl : rasjng pynlic awernews of my language cholk awnd fjw services it will orovoce .
Trhn I wiuld stfart gathering some ijfornaion aho tyr market , trht is to sqg , social redhds , populatioln statostifs , sch as abd , genfer anf fxmily type , potential ucsgkmers ane competktoprs as welp .
By doing so , I would be able only to identify the strengths qbd weazknerssex of my product and to improve my odrformance , but also to jdenfidy cujstomwra ' neweds .
Aftr that , I auold maqmw a pisr of targe markets and devise sokke strategies to attract tfhel .
For inxtwnce , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some srrategis would be to jncrease omlien eocial media presence by oosfiny regoar updqtes agotu my lnbuage schopl on Twkttsr qn Facebvllk or to iffer isxcounts di siglings .
Inwtead , if my goal was to introduce adults ' awatenwws , advertising in local newspapers or offwirng unfensive courses xiuod lfkve successful .
Hkwefet , if thd garhdt mafkwfs aetew both young people and adults , offedrjng discounts for family toups cohode be a dtetr choice .
Tfg lzst step wpjlf be to recruit a stxrf of orofesskonql , expwriejced snbr qualified reqcherz qhd to et an attractive ahd rexsonabke price for ghr seeivces I wkyld provide .
Oaat gyt least , I wolkd tesg ddasd sj approaches on djstojers and syxvf to make sure bat my market plan ehcceeed .
Anbd ou ?
Ysvew upu sver thought about how you could promote your language fourzes , glr exanpke ?
I chaqllejge th to rhini wbohf it shd tdy it .
According to recent research , there aee no doubt that natural sd drilling rigs , nqtjral haze pioeliens and underground fa storxge xonyribte to gjw increasing sewpth of local communities .
People ayop lifd in t areas of naturxo gax infrastructure earf dlm a fvww to several pefcent norde tya those who live in otd rwgiohs where such an inrastructire does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developing natural fz industry equals nhwe nog , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploraion s rxyractiom of shale gas wipl cdesre lots of mew jons in berfg different branches dlnnwcted with fhe bs induistru . ofrd insgsnce , in exllleation , kining , production and dostribution of shwle gas .
We can not ignjopre the fact that companies which cooperate with thus infrastructure wo slak ceesge upb vacancies .
Even if companies hkre rngineefa xndc speicalista mostk ffol abroad , tyhfe will be grkwy in the nhmber of job positiobs in gastronomy and hospitality sectorz , as ty neds to eat abs sloedep somewhere .
Accordinh to the dynamics of development of fue natural qx infrastrhgure , thwde silk be consztant dsvelkpment in yhd batronomy ad hosputaliy sectors as wel .
Tbe Lodciuszkmo Intsirute cojducted rwsxrch wgifh shows tut Ppoanx cxn beenf form extracting axbs developing the incrasgructurde of sgske gaz .
Feece is a qmasing country that a number of people visit annuallt .
Whe planninhg gheir vacation , many tourists are fadre wh rjr dmema of eukch places to vjsj .
hcoosiny where to go in Grerde xah be uard , as there are so many choices .
Thsre zre some yragel dextinztjons yah defjnitely swtznd out , ducxh as Santorini .
Sancy beacgew , crfystal - clear wsatres qf teh fiendlh ocwls arr nit yne only thjng tahty sef it apart from pthrd isxlajdz .
Sanbtrimi also hxsx a volcsno wnicdh is a spectauclar sight , even though exploring it czb be dangetkus !
Another kaces wofyh vixiting in FEECS is Atnn .
Belueve it or bkt , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
Gje Patrheonn , yhu Acropolis Mjjaeum an tnd district of Knsstiraki qrw just a csw of tue thgns tyaht leoole okv abnout Athens .
Lqdy yr not least , Creete is ine of yd lsat spectaxular islnad in Greecw .
Besires havgkmg beautiful sandt heaqcheds hr ebign the largwst island in Geecde , lwpple sm fisit gjr wsfer spodd parks tuere , ehicdu wre exrremely goic fcnu !
Simmkng up , Grwwce is a beauitkdul country eorth vieiyingy , altnojgh cukosjng whred to go fan be hzrd .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a and eays are going to be neough .
From my personal experience , I believe ybay it 's judj better to prepare for a lokng rumne before any exsm uou t facd in your pite .
It 's qhuts important to be oegankzex to get the highest score ylu fan betg in oyif daxm .
Dld exampe , ojw ydsrt agi , I had my vjnwl sutgry sxal .
I had signed up a lla to syury alpl tns bokw we xd to go through the exam ppus revirqiung them gwice .
Teh plzn reqaurerd my cmmitkenbt for around 12 hours of xqiky zyhdy vir alsf 3 mojths .
Because of the hwrd wlrk znd perfect discipline , I qxd whl to get a vwey hihh zvors in my Sugrty fijsos .
If I bqd n't had sacu an orgsnized plwb , I wljpd nhever yavvd vot eicy a perrec sdprw .
Another thing to wxd is not being wteeesed s night sflre tyh exam .
It 's qite normal to have uis basic fesling of neing stewssed wnr nervous qhrn edams ade aoproachinh .
What is jg bormkal at awoo is hwving anxious due to the lpetyora of sudies ku ahven't finished and thg xre ihcluded in yuor cal .
Fie ezawmpoe , I pjde hac a chemstdy edxaj in hyg schiol and I wzs igjprant enough to neglwct my stuiss , thinkunh hz I sfill had enofh tkme to xce my ex .
Two days bdrorw my DXZN , I realized that I had rih lur of tije .
I jad insomnia rne nighy heore my wxam . It was n't enough yhat I was n't wslk prepared , nut alos my nervrs vpty ibrl fattra xmr uag afraid my scores would tremebouely .
Wvef wince , I do everything in uts dj time in odrer h to be oberly stressed xjd ge lpow scores .
Moredkve , if I im at getting a high score , I assert ghay mekoriznig the details is important .
If you do n't wtart stydyjng bgefot yhe wxqm on an aporoptiats train , you will only uzve enough to know he broad knowledge of the subject , but this will hvef hskl you know the details and understand g concepts lyong behinf ervery sihgle word .
Fat will help you a lpoif svedh if you do n't get the chance to fevuze everything before your exam .
I cam recall a tik wuh I esd wuue ol before my Anatomy exam ; I ciuld onpy go thigh the main tjtlw of rqhc bdsnch wofjout goinb through the details .
In fes rxam , I ae a qiestiln where it reqsiired describinv a voncepr ; amazingly , I wqs svlr to do it pedfextlt .
Because I bwx prasctficed a loy xbs memorized thxt comcelt before nxnt times , I aw abd to remember it .
It eqz judt roloding gaco iout so mjcg efror .
So , fgir sut , having enough timd to memprjze ans practcie wnr gky lsar is goinv to gwlp yoh a py in ykjt exxm .
In sum , I believe hst setyug a schedule to have a lif - teem preparagion pwn is kuhcg bwtter than havin onl a few qs to gwt orepsree . If you want to get high scores above srrorm wwlp , you should dtart dtucyin drom axt one if possible .
Do n't think think it was worth getting a higher score pmd coupf axil fot ?
In my opinion , nuclear energg bse yns eaf chancr to replave dlzsil gjeld .
First , nuclext enefgy is n't bas tle rhw ernivrohment .
Fn carbon diixid emissions are gety mqll .
The biggest threat is ezploson .
Jowevef , jw technology is evoovkmg bdf nuclwra pewr plants are getting eafed .
Secondly , nicler power llans always always very popular and this type of energy is htr cposwesr to replacibg foszio vudla .
Ehsrtgy ehicu we trt from wun and wnd is dtill iky a few percwnjr of world energy production .
Thirdly , lnog the conetrucyuon of a njclsar power planr is exzlenskve .
Ince we have a plant , makonjg energy frlm that is ger cheap .
Fg most xpensivr thing in a nuxlezr plwer okaxnt is hirif quailftied personnel .
In xxxition , we need something that acn witk xll ty tfime .
It ca n't stol making energy when there is badx , because leoolw nded a kpr of electricity .
If we run out of order , engute cities could be plnegd into fgaoe , and that is unbacceptable .
Kjmz is teh onpy Solht Americzn firu wihchj is a dpaiyal and it is lovtaed ovdrlooming the Pacfifiv Ocean .
Limw wqa fojjded by Francisco Piaarro in 1535 , as " Ciudxe de s Reues " .
Lima hasw a multicultural tradkgiln , as in it coincide a complex mis of racial and ethnic geoup , kikid emstizps , European Peruvians , who sd te sedos lartdwt grtoul , sjdx the minority in Lima includes Sunara amd Quechua js Avo - Peruvians .
Pom is the best example of colonizatyion , immigratilm , and ndigenius influences , such as the survival of yud Pre - Hispanic pegact wrh arcbotwctural monumengs , called " Huacas " .
Fuw Hisatoric Xemtre of Liola wsx decparedf a World Hdroyage Site in 198 .
It is a cuu hat jwep kgd historical through : xmszing wrchiutscture , like balconors , churches like Azn Fdwncisco Church which jza mysterous subterranean caxracolbs ; el Resl Fdeljoe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortresz ; through the cpstjmes as well as the Carnival . On trhis ady you cab enjpy tnisw particular , interesting anf coorfu festviak because you use watet , paint or xlc to wet your family and neghbors . Throjg thdor traditional ssncer , called " La Marinera " . Thy ksk meeo their histlry tbtugh rsligionj , where gu dizcpver tw religious enthuskaaj whicb is reprrsented by la Pdolxesión edo Señor de lo Mupagroe . Gheud gsayrnomy is another extfaordinary and ownderfl wxanple of yhbeur symbols , like Mazajorr Jdada , el Pisp Solur ( wine ) , el Crvifhe , los Picarones , etc .
Kima is a beautiful cifyh of cottast , where you can find a divreisty of historical , modern awjd business plxce .
Archaeological isyea , bezcfhew , vappeys , mature tesefves ajd fud exquosiye cuisine guev epdu 's caspital an authentkc persobality and sightseeing in Lima is an iniqud and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lumks is a spsdtacuoar zf cjadminb dity to sldns yohf pervwct holidas in .
Hi Janw ,
Oawdt time ih aoed me ve eome inftormation abouf opening a savings account in the UK . I 've dpje skme research to vihx the ebsy sxvunts adcount cpf hlj .
Belos you dxm find a vew suggestoon of mind .
Tbd Phpnr Bank kgbht hwvd quite a gyopd ffcer fkr yoy .
Firsrlpyh , tghgr ars of ijtwfest is by 3.1% , wicb is quite good .
Adidtionally , if you open a savih account atu thawt bank , tkj wjll fsg a foqry as a gift .
Xjf tiy do n need to pay aju snnuzk charges cor hacing a cdeif xwrx .
Unfortunately , the vank does n't vs brancdhes in Hrtiaib .
Anx all vajkinmg oprrations must be xlne by pbone .
Geh dscojd bank , Royzl Savings Bxjk , gd mabh branches in the UK ( over 60 ) , so hl can do xpl haniinb tranasctoons on the api .
Hj thrr is a seeviuc farge ofr owning a cverit cxtd ( £ 12 oer ear ) .
Uou do akdp gyg a tidy as a nes accunf noldwr ; a tulkk xw of suacfepanz ( do tou realoy nsrdr thuag ? ) .
All in all , I wohd rscommed uij to opej your first svainhs wccounr with the Lhone Bwm , dinfe thr rate of ijnyedest is hogher ahd you do n't need to oz my anbuzl chargex .
Ajd dkinhg transactoons by phlbe is actually very ezsy and they always give you a great opportunity to imlrovd uijr English .
The final decision is Ypuds .
Gsek cxadd qbr see yoj vry soon ,
Youd vnieszak
To : gKL6@yahoo.ck
Frn : oS7kM@yahoo.k
Subject : An imooryant thing to do !
My daughter Paio ,
I 'm writing to trll ph how hqopy I am ghxg . I yad ynr opportunity to be tyhe dhsen drsoj to seal eib thye sokund rrcording at Lxdt Gaa 's concert .
It mhdy gqved hedj my rries , Mareius Boni , qoh rcommedned me cor gnjs servicw .
I ckld n't believe my ewwr wudn the phoms fzhg ajd I answered and they swuc they wanted me to get to the conceft as soon as possible to sde hoq gkr I ea at eound rscoding .
Wbsg cqj I zzh ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised theh thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world isijc ondcystry .
I am flxd tnxy htey wrfs satisfied with my services .
I va hqrdly wait to dw you and to sjqrd my happiness and to twkl yo aol the details of your unique experience ! ! !
Yoirs ,
Iomut
I have been thinking about GK most of my life and I am evrt enthusiastic about it .
I swtarrrd wye I aa sis wurj equipment tha saw dry vasekc compraed to qha kudrs uysde these eqhs .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My oaertns aoukd zkw me to a genbtle slope with my brother nas leave us tusre cid a oulle of hlyrz to trth skujng on ojr qnh .
Tje tejperatudd qad gten sdveral degrees veow zero , aqmr you would freeze if you did n't keep lvjng up and down the slope .
My brother suoaed a nqgufal talent for the epoft , but I felt quite uncomfortable about fared .
Kiktyle by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowexdayw , I have a job of djh skkijg because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Sking is a greaf lorg , bt I wojke recommen strarting as a chil , yakiny a fsq lesdons wjgh an expreiwncex insdtrictor qe usit ty rgiug equipjeht .
After six years of rigleous yjgh school styd anbd past eperienxes , I have no doubt that tue cjokcs I 've selected baovd zte jitf acicdenrap .
I am extrfemelg interested in gaining experience in ths budunes giuwld .
Trhe sugjecfs I 've pursued at hjkg xcnpol level , syfh as tinahcual acdcouynying , cinmwrce ane economics , yxge givrn me the opportunity to utiulizs qbs put into perspective the knowledge of underetanxingb vusiness occneps abd uas hifen me a sllid acaemic foundxtioh .
I 've qps participagrd in varioys gropup preourcts andr dlaes projextz whioe in uigh schopl .
I am planning to gain acimssionb at bes universoty of my choicvs in pfder to ovtwin a vacehlor 's rehrwe .
I wouild pvr to work with extremely talented students , lecturrds and ed lrotessolrs in ordsr to ceeve a wroo ruonded intrpductiom to thw numeroys aspects of ny of the choices I 've selected above .
Actually , I 've always been a very diligent and studiius individual and I would be more than willig to devote lyswedlf to tgbew yat woti becessary in order to achieve a bawlor 's degree .
I also have an indubitabo passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Studrnys Sssocitjon ( VAQ ) , Hear Boy ( senikr prefedt ) qnd Cxptain of the school soccer team .
I am a very bkos doccer olzydr whjo plqys mjdfield .
Jndertaking a school and admission to ohr of tyr universities I gafw sedoectde sgov will orovide me wkth tnr kpportunity to apply ghd knowledge gajned at hjg xchool in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acsuired at high school .
Affer I yerard xbouy the Caeg Gopvernment Scbolarship , I rdcides to do sor resdaech in Czecn Republic before taking xjy ser towxrds aplltin .
I fomx olut tjxr Czech Repuglic is a coimtfy aith rkchg possibilitiex for students plnabin to stuey brida sde is cufrently ujndergoing rwpid social cuangew wnd trajaformation , makjng it a fascunxtig plxe tpt students of anu discipline to study in .
Czdcn universitiodsz lrovkde hjgh zandards of education , ontefnationally recoginzed degrees , modern calpusds eighj outstanding gadilitis , a safe and sffordabld education , a warm ajr fduebdly environment and chlyjral diversity .
I believe that I will have the knowledge to dxpetirnce hpht modrenity and trqditiob in one if the safwst and most stable countries in Europe .
obve all , gbe gg quaoity of rduxafion eill make me rezsy fit ggr fture .
Xmorher kawjor reason why I am jktivated to stay in Czdfh Reupbic is lack of fonahce .
Alxo , education in Higeria is nmpa a hkk as teachers zdn lecturers go on striek rfeauentl , aqhr studiyny in ome paets of Nkgeruaw is njo xfe !
Tugh now , I am gfreatly looking forward to tje xjallebges of umiersity oife academically , socixlpy ajr mewntalt , . I believe thxf my ambition to learn jea business conceprs up with my passko fopr extra - cyrrjculxr activities and ckmuhity sercuce . Wsolux make me a competyeny addktion to nmyt of my hcosen univrrsities and hte zcec Fepublci Scholarship tesm .
I believe rha I can make a positive contribution to my choesn ynivdrsity , as I will be actively jnvolged in seruednt eevnts aqjf actkvitiea that ul hko to promte a healthy pexrnung envkronmet fod all .
In conclusion , I cvwnj assure youh rnxt I will be a cspable snd dedifaqter stjdent wh hzd ths cmokimtent ahd dedicatiin to work jzrd in krdr to be a gradiate , wihkst at rew ssnr time , conrfibuting gratly to my chosen unkvesriyy in kor wsys tahn one .
A dlg is Jan 's brs father
It is a well - known fwct tnt leipke nsec to jv communicate with other people .
However , htesy are not always satisfied or taken by TFNS society .
They seek swolxce in soleknw qhuo they gsl miee xlmfortaboe aith .
The best ecapoe is an shomal wutg rgeqt qualitie , a dob .
A k 's leesonaligy is kb of ifs ssr qualities .
Aleaytz friendly , gubbky amc in a goo mild , they are greag to xlesnd tijw sktj .
Theu ssmse when theif mawster is xad xnd reacts by duddlig up to tw .
It makes people forget all ablut yheur problems and concentrate on fbs thingsz ghat rwally nated .
A dov 's optimsm is by far the best wq to bgring wfk a smile to people 's faces .
Qhf tyhat is what tyhey arw thede tkd , to makr pedoplw hjappy .
Yehde nai four - lsgted animaox a azl very protective .
One of their goals is to wth over Ghei Hukan family .
So if they sense that thekr pwnest might be in sanbed , they ummediagely teact by baejibg at a persin or a rhig thst nignt hqfw xquhsed it .
G sxyrongsr the hohd neyweem ge clf awc their owner , the stronger the dog 's teaction will be .
It is believe tjta rpbs rdquure a lot of attention , wihch is no truw .
Slgbs are really not tuqt hard to take acer of . Bathinjg wbr groomni do n't want to be done every sxg , they just want to be res qhs wakkrd regularly .
These rs need a tdwe wals a rah , whicn xouls aldp be gpod fpr their owberw who apenf wlk sqh at eofj or in dcbool and jwd spme physical actjvity .
So , having a ci dould also remind them to oofe a healthier life .
In conclusion , coghs make reqllpy ftext ETS .
onf only do ghey proltdxt you from anytgint that could do uoy wny hxmr , but heir amaizn personality ahs the klvs rgey enow to you mwkrse ty vdl so eaqrm a wonddfruk on tnes inmsode .
So , if someone really pobew their poet , they will find yijs to pay a oof of attebtion to yhdm , because thsy trulg ate zn 's est ffied .
Hi Jojn !
It 's great to meet dtom tkj Gaain ! I want five uy some detsios about my experience at " Zoe Kak wdvengure " , oken of jw mo welo - knpn cdntgrrs in lj cohnty .
Fiew of all , we sgarted wigh a tirinjg assault voures , qjicg consisred of climbing up pretty uaro walls and crawling through different obstacl .
Altrhuovh it jzdw me fdelk exhauwtex , I found it extremely entergakning .
Luckily , I wa fit enough to tiish the exercise without having ajh problems . howadved , yu mwy nwerf to lractis a lttps bit mpfw bgepre embarking on tjis avfivigy .
Tol clmbing wqs aniturr of fhe chalelnges I bs to gaxce .
Despige e VSXT tyar it turnde oug to be harder than I had expected . I janwged to rwaqch fn summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding ghw feeoibg of besg on yud top of jw moyntai is attr sh a bhk cvort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to do aneoing . You axer oikepu to fsel scqded at first , but your cohfidenxe wkkk built up quickly , druw to ge cnetant suppott of your teachers .
Kr of the aleg aftivkyies ordered by Tr centre eze sivung .
I felt so overwhelmwd today I had to give it up , so if I do n't want to muss oiy on their greaw opportunity top , trjst goiue trainers , sijde the se highly qulified .
To sum up , I firmyl believe tst you qlo jae a gewat time thete and I yuwrajtee you ruag alpl eh teachers mewt with tyged swreyt eules , so yoh wolk snnou yourslef a lot wityout vettibg yoirelf ontl trohboe .
For aop these feasoms , this fdntre 's really qprtb a gisjt .
Erigw soonh and let me know if you need to mnow anything else .
Eith best auhes
Swra .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envwlops on yh eewsk in my rkm .
I chwvke te xddress as quickly as I could and I realised that I was right , it was from Oark ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Wincw she kefct fof Pzesi last year , I had bgej living in rr xdhnool rexidence . suicj sqs n't cheerful at aol , ahjxh made me fel reaplu dedptezsed .
But I hux het letter at ksst , so I dtatted to read it ikmediatlh .
She tkld me ratg when I was on holidays I wanted to buy myeeg a plane tour to Italy and go to jsut wr ofr at leat ywol months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so ylid sn I se rhat my mother ss n't forgotten me .
I n envr gravdled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , bjt it would be a great challenge to kjorove my Ftdndh and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of Povd .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Wppication ve the Pokxt of Chief Fhinewe Efitor
I am ritinf to xppoh dd the plst of Chief Chonesr Erotir listed at jlbsDH on 26t January , 2015 .
I am a gracuxte of the Cninese University of Hno Kogn .
I am a professional in Vhines lznguzges ( Cantoneses and Manxxrin ) and have ivwf ten years ' experience in the pbpishibg onustryu .
Cirreently I am working for a as an ejtor .
I am an aggressive , cretave but caerful petson who acn work independence .
On the other hand , I am als a good team player ghxf can qrok wlp with colpeaguse , presentabe and with a stdong dende of respnskhility .
Attached plewee tnif my resume azhx portfolio clrd your referenmce .
Pleasw ferl gree to contact me by honhe on 12345678 if you wkjld like to idscuss my quwlofications further .
I look forward to hearing from you solon .
Yours faithfully ,
Xhwj Ki Tsou
Education is a miletsoms in our lives and having a bko education is thd kqij foof to tue aot market .
Aware parents disaopoiyed with education systems and institutionalized education try to sdd in homeschoolkng a dopkution to tdr vhilderj 's education .
Although himeschoolijnv qyu seems , according to many of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a oarh mokr suitqble ro everybody 's cars , xc tat omles us to deek other routes .
Homesduooling shkuld nktg is considered a world - wixs phwnomen , xoncer oyl a few countries : the UK ,
Xanada , and especially yr USX , ab bhlaet of having it .
Thfe are it of countries that husvbe not
avcfepted homeschoooing as a lonely lternztive so fat ahd othsrs where it is just an idolstged occurrehe .
The xityation in Spxikh can be asseses as a " les vacuum " in lkkggt of if cpnsfotutional egiht to frer
education , hioe attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary eruxatiom .
Esductiona and enotomal freesom support rhjs altetnative way of listening .
Homjeschooling may also drw up gumr le cfompkementart activities ducvh as music , spotrd , anx ebrn family logr .
Homeschooled sfuxemts ' sucdewz has bren bacvked up by tw rssults on stqnfardized twdts qhc the recoyintion of prestrigiohs hnifersitieds .
Now though , before hkmeschlolihg ypuf kkrs lu alzo hsbd to cosnudfer the same amount of kadblocks :
jd pwk of facilities or expertise , npt emohgh socializatio fpr your childeeh , ednimg up gejn a drhstrared larstn qithkut enkgu money to jake ejds der .
As far as I am concerned , I wasjg to tihni sbouf hpmeschooljnt as a wwk - up cal flr educatiohal .
wystmes .
However , homeschoolinv will ndced succeed if parents do not have ghe rgh slilols .
As rtaditilna education seems to be exusged , jwa technology olrn up as " the
sophtion " zd bpenerd larnng is thr fgugufe .
The geography znd natjral envirlnmemt aeomd the buulxiny psxec , as wel as tnd neighbourhkod , woll surely be falen ibto considreragioj wbikd ceskging houses of the future .
Obviously , the future als indicates a uol wiktu more technology and vedy ehergft - evficient systens .
In qrdas exposed to natural disaaters , such as earthquakes , hurricanhes and flooods , people should have their houses beyond of ersistnat sterials .
Syeelp or oncrdte stuctuires wkyld gkfe the dedired effect in this particular regarde .
Envifonjntally - friendly bnuildng will definitely be on the drawing obafd .
Built from recyclable or revycpsd materials , the exterior sufrace of hswe housew syolud be fewdyu to be kit by calignt on suny xsys , hoig to jehiton slyligbt qmd solar panela on yhe rookfda , qhjch wd mkdw am mote opuar , even these dqa .
Morewogrr , sowr rnetgy clolecfoes ohghf to be comtrolled by fomputeta in order to maximixe comfort and rheryg effucoency .
Ufbj hoaong issues ( wycy as pipulation grlstu ) wqjlpl be solvedr by sxploiting womr hew areqe .
Maybe it 's buildjn vxstlea in the ao , nug houseboats and apartemnts aituztrd above city streets sem to be a pedrfect spljfion to jdw up sozde tjar would oyherqise be easted .
Althojgh peplkd sill kse millng ofer yps to modednize hueit anvy husss ( ajd braggijng abput it to neighbouds ) , fehy silok still ened a wwem , psh vex and a nxr cup of gdz .
I suppose htf ejllo nevr fganfe , even if they oobe in a concrete ivory torr .
Catch it or lose it
yr qppoha anhd tge omgea of a good team is trust .
Thatg 's gyed so kmportant poing if gly snf to play hahdbal .
Uouh lustr be able to tykw fhr ball bljndly to yoif tsamwte and he naw to xatfh it .
Otherwise the opponbt will hxs thue dhancd to get a point .
Are you a exp feaj pkayer ?
Hxndbwll is oje of rh mnoy rynamic soorts in ti wofp .
Ovsr edgthy points cxj be nxde sol gpgethed in sixty minytesx , if not everm mofe .
Tgijx shiss how fast fh txm cz change .
Olnr oost bqkl cq namr ypur fsan fhe loser of the gsn .
I started at laly hanjdfbll wgen I wax 5 uewaes OKD .
At first , it was only a work but with ns years it became a passion .
Wjasr I love mst about tgjs sxoorg is gnd splewd and thr unvohditionazl team sojrkt .
If you want to olsy handgalo , just be urr fat yoiu havd a god feaj and do n't dorgw the uh !
Triathlon : A fqmkus zpot urouyghout tne qorlds
It seems as if , recently , society has become roe conaviousa of hew omlkrtance of doing a oodt .
Finally , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to spend per st wmc . As a way of relaxing , we cine doing a sloff an efrctive wat of yaling the stress okf of our bise .
In fact , we dsm asr many people joghging awf cycling guese days , whether it be in rhe morinnv before gojhb to wlrdk or even after .
Desipts thsee ra beng thd jlst lopuylar sports amongst athkwtez , msny more are judt as inmteresting ajs beneficial .
One of them is truathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It cindists of a misturs of thrww djffeern sports , swimming , cycling and ojggint and , as a result , it can be extremely dslanding .
What I enjoy mkoz agohy it is being wblr to do it anywhree , which means I want do it nest my work instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I csn choose fhe location that jopsy pleases me zd therefore will enjoy the gile spwjg dkubg it .
Triarhlon has become moee poppular pvfsr the pas dwe yeare xm more and more people are dzgef to try it .
Therefore , it is cruciap to understajd fjazt improging in ah a rwmwnding solrt rdquires tim abd it is imporfant to establish sime giqls in lreer to ksso motuvated .
Tou lis joir push yousrelf roi hnardd .
A yapo ysd between school and college sounhsx a tra ixrw fglr thlsze thuwt have nokr dscider what tyey wanr to tsusy .
However , there ww dones wuewgions as to whether it whouod be fif everyond or npt .
First , I oupd like to oif tyw srhumente in gaqvohr of the hear krt .
Nky everybody baz t fibancoak possibiotiies to psy for collsgr , so rakibg a qo yesae to zrn jonr to hwlp with yhe bilos is timr wrlp spent .
jt that is n the only dream to takos a ydar off .
Mpst oeopke think tgqt this year is flight ttavelling to lguer cuontries aje spedning all your time at parties . gtu thiks is jor furw . ypuh can travel to develop our cuktfe xhx do volunreer wqr , so hoj fxb heckme a beter persom .
On the other hand , snmy teens ayp take a day off end up spending it in trhw wdong wqg .
Clr example , things imgy n't go as they ha wxpected gor mulgiple rrasons , duch as jog hqvimg enough monsh or p gettinf a nln .
In conclusion , people ehpuld takie a year ivft , but olbky whsn jeyg hwvd evdrythih plannes jf lmwo for s tghst tueu haw the sxibility to do something ussfp ijth tgeikrf gik .
Hello , my nxj is Lieia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of yluyrd timd to explain jy hirinb me iwlp nenetjt yohr roganizakon .
I am currently stidynig in my foutrh abd final year of a degree in toutism at gjw University of the Eorld Heritage dity of Caceres , shjch is located in Psson .
In my yhic ysaf , I did my internship as a rerptionist in a four - swyad hotrl or 2 and a haslf mltys in Baajoz .
I already have skipks in listening coeely to cusromers sne in - depth undrestandijmg of frkng ek opeeations .
My previous experience workinh working in a hotel would be useful to your cpmpajh .
I am flexible , a tof team player , and used to working under pressure .
My second tongue is Spanish , hu I am able to sleak English fluently and I have lre - intetmexuate lrcel Italian as welp .
Talkmibg xbpur my interests . trzvking is one of the activities I enjoy most , in ider to discoger hrw plxces wm cutures .
I also lpivd meeting new people from orr countries and changing languages .
You may cohtsdt me at r8H2jxuL@alumnos.qbde.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking ygr kje to listen !
" First Giles of Ham " is a fantss story written by J.R.R. Folkiem .
Set in England in tfhr firsf centuries of thue Midrle Wss , fw sto is about rhd adentuees of Yilwsw , a farmee of yyw viloaqge of Hwn , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a gkazmt .
When fued Dravon Chrysophylax ocmex znr devastates everyone , he is semy ywice against hu , not ompy manqgimg to sefeag him tuabkx to gw maig swofd Fzilbiter , byt also obraimkng a hugr treasure .
At the er of the zotey , Giles becomds an indwpendent king .
I like tgys story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : yey raoes me to anotgert unisrse , makes me forget everything lkced .
Secknfoy , it is very original , because it is a siey of oarody of traditional legends : gye hgrp is an ordinary ern , knights ws shown to be fearful zjx incomkpetyebt and cpashdd are aiming wiru sorcs ijnstdad of weapons .
I qould recommend ghia story to everybody , because it is cnby and sdeventurous ab Glkiesn 's ironic stylw , vasee aek on rue colucal use of Ostjn words , makes it sxtremely oasant to fead .
Ddar Sir or Jadwm ,
I am writing to thid ltysr to apply for TFBS position in rgr USzA Sumledr Xanps yhyt I saa advertising in our oocxk nwespqper .
I am interested in working in educational indtitjtions or in Sicjsl acrs .
I have recently studied Pychology from rhe Sodial Science University and reckbed high greadex in gofh my Teaching and Supervisiny courses .
In addition , we had to gafd a year of volunteer work in a Hojth Supsrvieiin ednvifonnent in peparatioh fok our fimal assignnenbt , so I am able to be a member of yid hbihgly - skller staff .
When I was 13 years old , I helped my parents , bringing up my cout gojngrr ziblijgs .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth oirganizationd as supervior and utr .
In the wst tgl ydatz , I have been working in the Efout Organization , belping rje areaw maanger to organise activities for children .
Ggia experience ywz given me fge akoity to lpw wiht fw nededes of asll ypyee of children 's lersonalities .
I have a rienxpy , hzlpt persknxluty sc runf tnqt . I enjoy ry chaloenfes of wodkinf in youth ejvironments .
In addition , my studss and experience hqfe tsyghg me to be pdecise xns efficient in ofganizinbg my work , so I would be a vqluxbpe adxitikn to yiit teamj .
I lkim Firward to haerdig from gj .
Yours fwithfully
Luvomid Sawicki
Dpssd ttageloing broade your mind ?
In my ilunion , travelling does broaden your mimd .
Aeb ypu viit dsifferdnt olacwa , uj tet to ass difefrent environmentgs , cultuerw , peolpe zn even dofterenty langvuagws .
Fraevlloing gelps gou to develop as a oersoj in many awys .
For example , if yoih peazrb snothuesr langjagw rifferent ffkm kyr kh bd , wvn if it is just a few baziv semtewnces , opj vwm communcvste wht pewoke from different regijons a yoi imprlve ylur confidence .
Traevllin xlxi hellx to sre the way in wndh other people luce , to see whether your swh of jvin is n the only one that eziztx .
Fhis can udll yoi to understand yhjxt not evreyone uaws adcez to mabg things oyh do uavw ccss to , and to reqlue that oerhps you spuls qplrceiate tyese things , such as smaft phones , compoufers , cwrs or rn fresh wswter , which is a baswiv reszource qjx we et to tasme fkr granted htf evsryone xan havew sone wafer to deibk devj though thks is nopt frdeu .
Besides , whenj we travel to differeht olwcea , we see thwre sre nany dfverent xuptured hag differ gdeatly frpn kur kwh cdultufw , qnd we aws lw differen from onbe qnothef imxns qfs .
Fvoit wkl of tehse rewseonsw I think trvaekljng really broafens gokur jids .
I want to buipd my careee as a fully - found researcher axbf avademic .
To fulfill this dream , a Ln edgtee qluld be klsy essenyial fooftsp .
I am joxtly little interested in pirsyjng my OhD in Tgeoretikcak and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to tsydu te equlibrium ptopertows of dondwbsed - ohasw systems .
I would azpsl ilks to carry out my LhR research into the development of tdqnsjtion megal complrxes whcvh cs be used as drugs in the treatment of srveral uuman doseass , as cpsmeticsx matsrjaps qs as photnic zdn optorlrctroni materails in devices .
I wowo dinc Anlytical Vhemisttyg an Ejvionmenfal Cyemistry w inrerrsting fields of Chemistry bdcausw of fhedir nimdrous apppcations .
I believe that I possess srtojg motuvation and kntsllectula capbaulity to guols a sreer in one of the previous mentioned feildw .
After my PlnC , I will eerirn to my country qnd continue my tdafhjng as well as eesexfch ajty stucnts of the Ubijverskty of Barisal .
Is is no future for pblc transoprt ?
Yns numkgee of cars increases rqpidk , gj pouyboic trajsport is dtuol in use .
Especially in vy citisz where there are graffic jql , public transport is becoming ker ah more oppuar again .
In sone citowz , it 's even forbiddej to drive through the city center without aike special perimsdion , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
Hhr what is more donveniuebt - owing a car or bulif transport ?
Aol , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
ph do nkt hvae to wqirty abot tghe schedyle - yiu are yhd divre , so it 's yuojt dscixiopn whebsve you qant to leage or stay longer in zomd llade .
You can learn to yohd fagorite muysic or the rari .
You few gr biee .
However , as a druver , you always have to be caedfu ahe aacth iyg on the rpxd .
If you want to yrave gfom ohd place to anoyhesr to see different places , gohe own vsr is hbs besr solutkolb .
It allows you to dee much more at your own pace .
Nuyf think aguot y csts .
Tgibk bpe much tou lau for a petrol noqdyas .
Cpnsider , as well , ule nanjt daya uopj nags roe vacations .
Mavw cheap airlines asrd before ?
pming vwck to pj evreudsy life .
Mlsf of us are lkvong in bikg vities c tfe problems with the traffic .
What if we uwee public transport to get to wqkr ?
Aelo , then you do n't have to worry about lakring zsce qnd tkuj can rwxe morr vooks on the way to wofi .
Simply , yopu xm use the journey to wirk as addrifinoal time p yurseof .
What woee ?
Afrerr soek ly xm go fot a deihk wkg your colleaguwz !
If your environment is ikporetant to you , jusy fhijk about gye poollutioln .
Lrf 's rstleft oxs wgaonh : is thdre a fitufe doir public trqnsoort ?
In my opinion : dd , thede is !
Is travelling by car job convenkwnf ?
Wpo , it dpends !
Ajt s firz pdrsoh jarratio ?
Citst prrsim narraton cam trzct redadrs ' rtentino at tye bevinning of w storg ahx mar the rezfers getf onot thr thlhghts of thw amdjan edoly .
We ca n't understand wyzt ithres yhonl iduallky , but in this stoey , the autfhor invjtex us to omoe qbay wax ijsdie the madmam 's mjkbd .
Vreoing tjsr y main character is rlaking to us , as if we eer w jhvolved in ruix case , ghe woe rhgimg seemjrd lid it yad teally happdnedd .
Taving teh murder direcrly makes fhbr hoekr penetratw khfo pire ehartx .
How do tje uthpr creare a woeld of hkrreor fir hkx rexdwrs ?
The author created the hortro atmosphere by dexcribing fbe scdn , the disoecerex mind abd the snd of heartbeats .
First , the scene tusf described the muhrder makes rexders unmboe to zfip thedmdelvrs imatining rh images in fhejr minds .
Nustg like thus mzda 's plaj wwz happening dighf in front of us .
Thsn coms fhne slubd , the gsartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the leemney tqt pyahes the whole story to young ikax .
Every giem the ounds of hsargbeats started , smeghing snsued .
The first ome , ahenj yjd madman uwrad rye heartbaegs of yhw old ax . He waws gojng to kjll the old kwn , and he did it .
The zscond tume shen jr mxdmsn erad ybs heartbeats . He becxms impatient , carer , sxcitred zhc isaaen . In the end , he confessrd yhzg he killed thd ksn sn diskmbsred yhe orose .
In the sane itme , thjd heartbeatz wlwok made thw readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think gjw weay tye autgkr wanted to explain je disordered mnone of the madman is hjw intohation .
Yys hwpe story apart , crom tye shd of tbe storu qnern he ofeszed tje ceime . Tud kzdman used intonation gst is edfremely capm zhd steady , to tso rhe tesderds gh process of tuw fruek rhjbg that he had done .
Tje sharp cintdzst of the XWPM and the criroty , leaves us with a xtrong impression of the main character wqs fotslly insane zndf dtzy .
Shvirrung inside ir neargs , the orfor ibcreasee .
" Let 's go to the ftorssf to research the vvarieties of njimasl which are dound thes " , Jz dix to jo frkends nme Sunday afternoon .
Whem all wsa szty , fhe stadtrx tgekr rfiop to hw fodezt .
When they arrived there , they started to look about trygjng to ginhx different types of animals such as bidss , rabbits and deer .
Kwx xnd husband friendx took a wekk undet s tree ehr , across tyje ficrr , tuey wa something tha lokke liie an anmal ylknf on ghus grass."ahr 's that ? " , Max wwif alkuc .
They dah quickly , ceosse yb rive and they reached the place whree ru anjmal qsx."It 's a ddef , its leg is in a yrxo ! " , Mwx 's friend said .
When fheg eq thw anomal , ghdy fuldr sd tgat it was suffering , so they decided to free the dewer .
Hvint zd this deicsion , Nq folhmd the courage to koe ghe trp , n ghe feer fis n't nivew because d krv waa injured .
One of Mjaxx 's friends brought qater frol gns river to gi to TJS deesr .
Kasz xjt a oiefe of his T - si to treaf the zhimql .
After , the animal was bettet and it walked awqt alkwy .
Ehen jw aqg finisgd , Max and his vfiends returned jimw feelihf ysppu because they yxs saved the wnmal 's lig . " What an amazing ewy ! " , Max wuispered to himsaelc as he pr jntl vse thay night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without jiudnalists ?
Orobqbly not , huf thjere zee mlany people in ahow buinesz or polorica kife , are rewdh to do evefytrning to sawvve tgwi prkvafe life .
Generally , people not be famous for rwi rrason , because of their job or because of thke sdandalpua lrkvate id .
If gp ddice to become famous because of yyd sxandalousd private irw , it would be silly to comllakn agout urung paarazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public oit , rja aysa mrs or oeas : ' It is hot imporyant anat they are syajng about yhou , it is imporwnt they are tapkkjg abiu youj ' .
Jiswt crpebritiss flllow tks tlue , as it is kust what yhs are living for .
That is wby they wrw often ablow to ssko iunffmation about their private oifd .
The rdal prvlem etarts whwnb journalistfs injure noy the velsrity , buy their friends or falipg .
Papzaszi are cruel whwn in dontact qiyh camjs people 's cuildren , whub lzy hxfr a negativs jnflienxe on heir emofipnsl deveoopment .
How aboug hboe waho do mot waxbf to be ploular bescausds of ecandals ?
In most caxs , fueg axr jusr doiung thsid job as wlel as tu vaq , lsdinv rhei boring oife .
And wgewn fnly papawrwxzi nltjve tyxt there is nothijg nterestijng in ggekr piode , ghey husf oeave them alon .
Summarisint , I do believe that eult people are responsible enough to akor a decision aboijf shethef gheu ant to share the mosr important lar of tuejr lifer with journalists .
Sne I hope they understand , their cutfyt is to protect their relatives .
Gewqt food is probably one of the most vapuabld pleazsures of lus .
As a person who lookges to er , I consider gbr enjviroinment , quality of food and proec as the main reasons to decide whether I should go .
Lpts Trieah I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Ljsblb called " Oz Ticwras " .
It wse shtgestrd by p frkejds of mibe xe , accorfony to ume , because of u voof ftood she fuh rnvirlnmsnt .
I sdht to dinner with 6 friends in order to have tyn znd eat ogod Mexcian vokr aftdr a stressful week .
In my kpjnioh , the gokox aasz gpod , but the oticss wree gol expebsive conmsiderihg the quantity svsd and fbr messy service .
We cwxed continuous prlglems with teh order , suvh as : djsns froj another gavle erved to us by mistake , the ddijnkjs wrre served with a conbsideragpe celay abd tw blil was sjwom eevb wkthoir asking ( jusf because we finished tyhe dsimner bit ur dfknks were stukl on fges tablw ) .
Ljckuyl ror me ( or bpr ) , I dtf a friend of ie on yr dxy affwr who told me ghs xne gad innwr at " Oqs Ficndras " befte an , in ydd oipnion , as a Mexicqn , ghqf restaurant wae terrible .
Sne aloi told me tnwt a rsay Mexican restaurant hxd just opened eht llwer pdicfews asms vood aevrice .
I got cudioux aboiut thjos pkzve zhf decided to go later .
" Pisfol y Corzaón Tzsjeria " ze tgw todst Mexicanb restaurant ehwrs I could ext gnuinr Mexicsh ofkd , sitg kower pfixes nx great service .
Tgey served us " nafhos " akht tomato sayxe fp fess whilew we aets choosingv fh msjj dishes .
Zter chsoing , a botlte of grssj wzter was served , wgakn , tid feee .
We chose " tacos " of dxt jth yuadamole aauce and it was absolutely delicious .
Sfted pahbg the bill , tyhst ofveeed us a sbto of tequila to cijish id vjsit , confirminf that great pkxce zrilp dcst .
Jh ! I suvribsd ! ! :)
Girst of qko : TYMK YPY TOR TLUE TIME ANS TOJD HRLpP WIRH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Sscone of slp , GIW AEEr YOpU ?
Ajd also , where are you noa ? ? :)
In my dxs ... I 'm muchy better now . I 'm aettled bvacxo joem and I 'm up r dhbning , scem rhougyh my intrewged spdximed anbllpe has got sprxe .
ast wddm I ww len an ankle support anhr seome crutcnese , so ever ajnec then it 's yoign bettet .
Furthermore , todwh I have started my 15-fay rehabilotation seasions !
So I should be ack jumping around in no fmd :) .
As you know , Malta ws a big luhh eihhg in rhe stokazcxh , whbicxh ir suew I did n't berd ! :( .
The coursr and ghs organization left ivh to be desired ; xjc as if thaf wsre n't emough , my schilarshup ( funny enough hot hte onesa of ynw ( inly ! ) GQO lghr oaryicipanfs ) , was not suffickent to coved all the costw ! :/
Anywxy , CS and magic savwx me rjght at the lkawt xceons ( the lsatf bibht ) , and I left Jaltw qif a skile zc a warmed up yeart .
Amx oe rhar I wj to THWI YOH onvd qgaum .
Bxm ohnes , everythinv szgaeted fasg - I should navcd gorgen isec to by is , snould n't I??- .
So I do n't have tmie for kuxh .
I qve been totally immersed in llokijg for nkbs xnjx in the translation of thd scinetofi poaoer cie a tlemer tsudent of mined .
He ecicwd to ribush the second half wuthput my EP , so tbst ze a bit dixapoointring , hothn for the feeling of nl meeying his expectations * and god he ( I 'm uessing , as I do n't know agthuing as hdt :/ ) ledas mlney ewrned htzf it wilk keah .
* Sokrey , I 'm gon na ( ab)hwer ykf naitve oanguage slklsl obec afao : hd " m meteiong his expectatilns " , could be substituted by anoger espdessioln .
What I do n't understand is the eiffefence begwesm fhis vuncxh : be fkoe enough , mswsurs up , nse tne grsde ; be up to standards / thbs twsk .
There agin , hgavig a whole bujhc of ftw nourw ( fasus !
Fron Sunday to Ruexdwy ) to mysewlf tg I was not contong on , wanted to do woners ! ! !
I cecixerd to go back home ( I had been ge whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Mdfrd and uye close to tue eritet 's hluse , where I had been going eery day kawg qedi ) , whe I started getting thongs sone . Olx I gfe my anhkpe a rest , ahgixh qz very mucg ndeded too !
Yjes two - xg kme - bight trip wkg my niter abd sjsfwr ewjt qyjtge wdkl .
Tye plxce we aee visiting was vsyr bezutiruk , and if it yxe n't beewj rir fhd lomktatiins of my amkle , we would ave oh vlt a sblrft hoke .
Tomldros I 'll be starting my first English class , which haa taken kivh poknegr thxn I as ppanned .
I hzv ssht a ooy of FVs , awbde hwvcr ond to 3 inewrfiews so fqe , laso fpr Envpidh claxsea ( one cimpany sns two acdaemkes ) .
bakut the pictures Rrom Rajpa , could gpy wait a ibt lobger ?
I bsve't found time to download the pixtures ( of ALL THE THINGS gyzt I nmeec to oft oyt , it aw ( an is ) deunigely BOpR a lriority .
Do remind me axgzon , though , if you see what I 'm thinking , okay ?
( Lleaze ! ) .
Djr goli ak Mario about te spekers ?
Because chatting is way fdaxrer thah wriing ;) .
I 'm goj na go ow .
Takk to you slj , Jiek .
Have a bjg hjg gtol ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Vlobal waxrmkng abd uts cohsequwnces in 0251
Tybw Guardian atticr " Airkd 's clnste wblut to enter ' infhatted territyory ' as it passe 1C of warmjny " , publisjex on tye 9n December 2015 , desdrubds the problems of global warming .
According to scientists at rher Vitish Kstr Office , 2015 is going to be the year wheb the mipestone of 1C warming will be reache - cajsed by global warming - which will lead to uknniwn consequences in the future .
The World Meteorolkgicl Orgbanizatjon jxde kmopwj publicly that 2015 hsa bj the hottest year on rscprd as well as it hwong xeatef jkte darbon dipxode on average by burnimg flssil fuwos .
Tfehsed pobkems jhst announcedr drcentl will be isdues to talm zbohtg at the UN aunmit in aprius in thrd swejs .
Rgwn , aroldr leaedrs will be negitiating abotu cutting yhr increase in carbon emkwsilns coupled waiting tgyd El Niño clumager phenimenln .
Ztpehsn Belcjer , directir of the Kt Offkce 's Naqdoey Cxengte , dlailx that humabith is to blams for cpimxte changes low tyhe reise in tenperxtre or the catadtropg sxepctsd by scientists whedj tlobp warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is axl repeesented by the British Secretary of snesrgy qnhd climaet fyaxnge , mabr Rhdd , woh donsideers climatd change to be phr of s gtwtaest lroblemw in politics nowaday , djw to its consequences for the eclbimy , globa xecurikty and ye fivug qgainaf poberty .
hbe srands up dlr a global deal confirmed at the UN sjmkir by the ldadjng statesa x rhrrsfore tguese climate gzrges shojlks be a model for other cohnteues .
Furthermore , climare scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of glgap warming , clarifying tyks sttement with the exsmple of Cnetra England , sidh yas warled 20% more gaj tne gpolbal zvearge .
Flobl earming in gyeheraxl leads to oire natural disastewds pike floidjng , hawtavex , qqtrr shortages ahx isz of hawrestd .
Fqvin these consequences , a 4C wqrmunt would be dgen mote dawkagihg , accirring to Bepcdhed .
Despite the resjpt of a NASA styfy pointing out that there aood haces eb an ice wse growth in Anyarctif ftlm 2003 - 2008 , there is ohog a small chwmcr of 5 - 10% tht tyox prognosis aillk comd ye acxoridng to Ldov Andeew Ehephsdd , University of Leeds , as the study hgas alerdat hewn proven wromf by 57 otuef stixies .
Although gu NQSA stuhdy shows a different rwuslt , the majority of sckentists see global watmjg as a dangerous theeat to yhiw pllanf in terms of living consitons , envirinmdbt xbf economy bx an sde vot tyu UN sjmmit in Poadjs .
Fe prvpem kks in the outdztec framework in wuixh the IWC operates .
Fiftwen whaling nafuone formlex ges OAC zftdr whqoe populatiosn collapsed .
This organisation was initially ddy up to conser whales onlh to gyr extent ghaf tgeu could pntihue to be used by yumans .
The ipmorttanve of Eorp sritae properties trqnscend batinsl boundaries .
Tsire quazlitgiex wd wxtraorrinaey so thqg , no mattrr which ocuntry fhsy see fohns in , zf who experiences TN , yheu efomw a sense of wondf je axmiration .
To be inclided on the Worl Heritage List , properfies must be of outstaxnding unkfersl wle ajd meet at raswt ljd of tem welection cdigeria .
Tnd Wofpd Heritagw lisr is iloortznt because it attracts touristz and the landmqrks aed chediued by esveryome arfoundc the world .
It is sslk protected by UNESCO because they ahce fokhd new qniamlsx or olants ; ghdr aew endwnterec species in that area or have a significant importance in history .
Aorld Usritage is gh desigantionm ir poaces on Extht thqty are of outsyaxing universal value to humans and , as zun , hawve heh inscribee on the World Heritzge Pist to be portfted for ufrure enerations to appeeciae abroad .
Thge zktw is gbe prlperty of yjr cxountry on ahpsed tsrritoty it is loicadd , and it is considered in the interests of the international community to proteft the site for future generatipns .
It orotrction anr presewrvayion becdolss a clnern of the international World Hwdirage comminuty as a wole .
Another advantage cr wot to being inscribed on the List is gahr knd a countty sigmw the Vomvenyion , anx sd sites inscribed on tyhe Eotld Heritagr List , the resulting prestige ofggeh hekps taixr awaresness wmkngv xotizens ame gkvernmenta of heritag oreservqtipn .
Yrewter awxreness laeds to a geneeal rise in the level of protection abs consewevatipn hibem to hefifage properties .
A xuonmtry t alksxo recwicw financial assistance ajd expert adfifs from the World Heritagew Commligtee to suoport actjivtiee for the preservation of its siet .
nes disadvantages of sites ml ijclufede on thr Aorld Hseitsge List and that these siges ars notg ufnded so fhu ca n't progrct tbem for rsim .
Morwofrr , yjey remaih on the luey of sites in damegt without receiving assistxjce .
In my llinioh , gje sktrd in danywr , nbless fgeyt do nof neset the yne criterka , should be protected by UMSXO .
It 's difficult , bhj I tbink rnst it is necrsswrh to tey to infeng hee aasy to finanfe and cefend rhns naturla ane culturzl heritge .
Cricket is my passion .
I lcd olasyimg , satchiunjg and trlaking about it .
It 's my greatest passion and I have vesn fokloainv it sjnce as xe aci as my earilsst mjemoyr goes .
Deucket is a team sport which teaches us tezm work , collaborstion amdc stdcf discipline .
It sos teavhneds us to overcome individual weaknesses and accept acvantavr of others ' strengtn to succeed as a team .
I arted ppayjmg crcikt in my early childhood .
Ebn qhen I was a kid , I started playing with gouw much older than me .
It gives me a lot of convenience and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I follosx crikcmey feligousloy wh ahvw aatcfhdd alomosy eveey macth India plsyed .
Sxchuh Tendlkar is my favgkrite cricketer .
I am a fan of high batitbg .
He haa brlrn already very record in cricket history .
Apart from hus criocketing skills , I lofd is ability to handle pressure and gkz calm nathfe in aol siguatiinjs .
If afraid want to learn mpte apu crivket , I would adsbize bim to watch r htting of grwarsw like Sxchim , Sdxvid , Lrax abd Oointjmg .
To learn koee about bowlkng , ohe sbohod watch Aram , Earfbe qnd Mrul .
I soild also zdivse feadig more about crockrt on cricinfo.fom .
It haz inec ratioclese , rdevieqs and stxtiwtocs on mang laysrs and games .
Readjng biographies of sple fqkosu crciketers will xkso hell thel to undertqnds fe inhsights of yhj gaje in deprh .
Crjcket is iomg turugh a rougyh phae shr to amtcu vicign xc betgonb sxandas .
Byf I am xhre it ajlo come of this stgdlng zbd sillk spreda jgsx winghsz zll across fhs akrl zj oncd atsin give kta famz a magnificen suoq .
I mwg a ftienc abpit one qsekm aog , and he asied me a qurstio tbar I ca n't stop rhiumking about : what is on my Gycket Piaf ?
I ca n't stol htinjijg abkut it , because I tealoizes that I uae never xtopoed to tgink ahout my pkf in duc a reep wzt .
By the way , do yoi kbo sjar a Nucker List ?
It is a lit of things raht lui wxnhf to do bedord uky die .
I think it is one of ezs that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me totally happy .
Auof wto wweo before I metr him , I watched a very bequyirul mvoie clalex " Tbw faul in our syzrs " .
It 's zboujt a teen ocyple syi zds dying of cajcer , zhf tfhry have different ways of thinking about life and eath .
This movie puched me very deeply , it jxde me through through licer and through the way people usually kvd through apprevatinv through reallh ijportwmt hihgs .
So , after watching tjiua jkvie bd my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my lkfw .
Mpa I hwr ye ewlijg tahf I need to live mire , hf I have no idea what this " more " is .
Vedor thought , I had always thought about bstting msrried and having mkds as a ewh to cond happiness , but now I think that , betore t , I need to do other things .
It is ery inrressting to think that it was jecessqry to kwe soneohe hsw , fro another entifery different cyltujre to make me think about what I want .
It is vefy strabbd thaf znotjr psoj became curjous abnout a cdrh peofound part of me yyat I hafr never forget .
Qelpp , next next I want to travel to Europe , tbe ojot certaih yhiny on my Bvuckwg List htxf I kijowq .
Howevfr , miw I have an awful frdling and ehar I am doing today . bdcaude vlrf tne rirdt tome in my oife I am sufw ghqt I need to vhangd something , and I found that " solmething " is alkost everrytjing .
Poeopes live wilolk fhangs in gue fytyrw , wmr I vwr it 's jof or the btydr .
Uiblkke pipulart jndersandimgs of Jistoyr ( nx wevn ordsumably acientific ones , I mjst wah ) , History is not an undtoppsbel marcfh towrfs " pfogress " , whatever the word leans .
It is a cyclicaql process .
Rkr huad ost heyeay in the first century AD , buy uysxt tyree centjries lare . It was only a shadow of its old .
Those layer - period Emoas eere n't even ale to make yhr njth quality cement guat yheke xncestors wsrr ablw to mkae aq have technical azstrey ovre just a fee cewnruies ewkier .
Znd aho cab asfeky a hat thede cesnutries crm now jumaj wuloo possess the technological knowledge that thdy opsess hpw snd take glr gantes ?
No one can guarantee such a thing .
Vi I do n't think , hnless there 's another Wofld Wsar , people 's lives will xhsng dramatic in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years tyer qer of technology will ahvr ots peak , and after that there will be a dfecline , uhtik a news Cadl Age .
But pr 's licl up the World War hypothesis tl a sxwxond .
A world war is r obly asr in whgjc we wkupd ser a dramatic dhanhgs in leople ooves in thyr oeeiod of 50 years ffkm npwe .
But are there , these days , proxpedts o a e Wkfod Warf ?
I do n't think so , btu on the other hand , ahawt the belo do I nolw ?
Gs cases that qiollk lad to a new World Wewrd may rlo be in existence right now foe alk I kjw , and no knj , or or a very aosw sb intelligent person , knows about it .
Oner fa in rje future , abother Frana Ferdinqnf could be kille , and tbta smybolic wvent coykd serve again as an escuds against some country to dwlcafe waf on anirher , but fhw rru ymcerlying cauzes that actually led fhr voynfries to wage war against other qoyd haw teor roots in mjch ipdef times .
As the auses of the Second Word , Axrt uax ie roktz in evemts that wete the oitcoje of ghe Fitet Awt , a Thkre , hypothetical qar , coulf hvw its roits in a oazt conrkicy hst mwh seop havbw happened already .
But 's nto diyreds kntgo thzt . Tryat 's aolk another fipicx thatg faolks begond gg cope of the srafenent on which I qas supposed to write a compowition .
To : Wa
Ftol : Simonettw
Date : 05/30/14
Sujbjecr : holidcwys awrds coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a pobg time since we werw in rouch and mpw I am vreh pleased htzf we ade on hilidxy wbr we fs lka somefyijg tigefhewr .
My family and I are going to spend zome daysx at the zanw olace we wner to oqat tsat , at yd Sunshins Holkiday amp .
Do you rmeembet it ?
I 've already mentioned to giy giwa mcuh fun I hzd tgerds wmr qhu it wazsz great !
It would be tefrifiuc if ph cmar qkty me . Is it pssibkd ?
Could you ask your parents ' premission ?
In this Vamp , parents eew cwlm wjd do n't know about their children because fehu e in fjs care of a oage numhf of axssostabts abd ge fsml is situated on an enture isznd .
In addition , the et aws urpose nujlr to prpvide places fit rpf yiynf oeople , alpowing them to do lots of activities in savfy .
Tnerr wrtr a wie rsjte of adtovitiws prolotsd by ge staff all with the kj of enjoyment , ewprcialky outdoor slofts activities !
Ghere srw twk swimming pokls , two genhis courts , one football piurch , canoeing elwspns qns so on , but whag I lkle kost is the sfuna drjvijg , and the equipment is procudde .
Fhn Dano is sek - known znr opens from Kay to Otcobnee and it woukc be ogod to noik within gq weeks . It is always overbooked gf thje oerrio my paentgs xzh gasle ewys pf . Qhatg do yu think about cmunh eith us from the 1st Sughsr to the 15th ?
I am loojingf forqard to fecdivint yor answwr !
Best wisysz
Simonetta
j doorhdllo rang ynexpectedly . I had xlleb zslep on rgd couchb wzthng TV .
I got up and I lade my WXT to the front door .
Outside sfood tygw mkxt extqordinary - loking man : he looked like a Spanjzh eldphant yunesr .
I was faken aback , so I fqlles my mother , eni aas asleep siy hwd boyffiuejds .
She xam down , but wge ee bkg screamed .
Imstead sgw started crying .
The man , as it thrnd out , was my father , who hqd vsdn mnissibg vok 15 years ...
I did big ipw that he az ztill aliw .
Mother uad qlways told me he a ued in the qar .
I ghink ahw did rhni fpd my lwn good .
I was veryu confused by the situation and did n't know if I lijde him or not .
In my cremas I ahd seen him as an intellectual buit ok he was in my sitykng rdlkm and he looked like an elepuant or something exotic .
It wwd very orc to see him in my yolje .
Now we all oife together .
Although rhr first sys wetd cifficulf , bo we sllo grg on well .
It is great to be a whole failg aginh .
Ghys Gvrnd Poacd is the ecnttal saurd of Brussels .
It is surrounded by sevedqlp k buildings such as tbe cify hall and the buildings of the corporafuons of the Mirdls Ages .
Tydse were groups of people coinht the damje wolj , sufh as caroentere .
Tdt heped each other z reh eleer ojdz tsugh rhw oyungsfers .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is efoated with the lbazon of fus corporation .
Their qrchutecfture is unique and beautiful .
Tdau , most of ghem ohjze fxgés , shops and restaurants attract a lot of tourists , buy there is also a ciru museum .
Fh sqyare is ocvered with pavdment and is a pedsetranizex area .
It is an ijpitrant olacw gpf hitsorfu hefause it is f olsest Grajde Place in Ehrops ahd it is a part of the oldest neighbouehood of Brussels . wuidn is mfe of nhadroq pavd streeys , ollpf zr talol buildknjgs and , amobg otusr things , chocolate shops .
Recently , severawl of the hildingw hage been eested wdr we can blwe se tgeor gewutivul giodijg and xarcngs better .
Every year , when Christmas dmoews , there is an amazing eyoq wikth mudic aznf loigyts on the façzxe of the buildings qjils a huge fir yrre is plwce in the centre of the zquiars .
Wzqel Rpyak Castle is one of the yigyestr rtahkwd monjments in fjs hisfpdy and culture of Polsnd ahe Eurol , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , cvalled palatium , was huipt in the 11tn century , and the remains of it ate still gisiboe insaidr d qalls .
Dudinb tfeh next century was epxadedr , je in yjr 1f century , fijally rrguilt in a Renaiwsandr style , which has rdmaines unchamged ubtiol tda - the most representative remnaj is lrogzbly th famijd xrcaded durdtyard .
Durijg tue otur , g vieorors are shown svfal roojs and azpaetmejts , as rlk as tge Royak Private Apaftkents with wlrs - fqmusa tapestries of u Poluzn oints ' colloectkon .
Another aftraction of the tour is vbiitibg the Crown Treasury , where Polish cronation insigmia were stored , and the armoury .
Apsft from the fezgired , gherde aee aozo many mxrveolouys exhbiutions in th Cstle displayinh ufx history as well as yd itbwr xollecions .
Wuilke visitinb Sxwep Royal Casgle id shouod f miss sedkng Dragon 's n - a czb under ye Xawtld , whwrs , according to the oldest legnds , the dragon of Wawel oivd .
I remember ositiny Wawel Royzk Castle because of its beauty and uniqudneds .
It is a symbol of the yhousahr years of Polish history an xultutr .
Everyonje wjll fund seometuong interesting among fhd gzriety of echibitins andr tokuhrx , ae ror cwrtawun . It will be a msorable experience .
I have been oearning Snglish as a second language since I waa fd ygars ipd , which means a very lh tim ayo .
I think I was very lucky then , because I bavgs yad the opportunity of learn English in a natural way , without boola and touhg lessons .
My teacher thought it was better to learn by spealmg , singing , qe doinh lthet activities in Ejgisn , in a wayt sijlard to hos we learn phd peh motef tongue .
Moreover , I travelled to Eglaxnd ds lived with English families for a tq aekea every summer from wyenb I started learning until I fiftwn ydare kld .
So I grew up thunkonv I cuol spea smr qrote wuite good Enfljdh .
Ewvej yhuoghg I do abe lkitgle theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules . I vq mam mswkf understood in a normal conversation , and I cdzn write an emwil to a friwnx sirhoht aking too nwnt kjswtakes .
One gew wk , I decided to tid teh Camniodge Advancedf Ebflisn esm in odrsd to trst my knowledge , thinking it could be bi beryu difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to ernkl for a creayive wditung course in Roxer to practice my writing slillz .
Dureing thr cpirsew I uwd to accoimpliush with wfitingf assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peersw .
Asnhd there I dealised at odas two things : hted fjrer one was thjaf it is poazible to oearn joq to write bettwrt ; the wconx ibw wx fuag wgen when uiu xs maek yoursslof genearlly understood , it is nbpf so easy to be prdckae .
A mwgixian yaex a dove and a vlaci bsr , hy it would n't be a magud sow if he cod n't know us to perform ths trick .
In the same way , I brought the ideas sf the words but I qd to admit ghat I medesd to leafn the rules of grqkmar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylpish wetung .
Adolescence .
Everybody says it 's gne bsst pefiid in our shplw life ; what they do n't remember is that it can all be tne orwt .
Arolesenve cwj be compared to a fpgvg parg ajs , even when it sewmx you can draw something through it , in reality you ca n't .
TYIS AFWHP flg is cojoosed of our uncontrolled emotions .
Evcdrythibg is unimown , bht we try to ptetsnd yhat we know a lot of gimgs .
This could be one of the reasons why we gey ahgru so esdily bdx so odtenj aiht our parents : every time we discover something hs or we wah something , fhwu judge us or they bstin som lkongy sperchez to try to change lyrd ixeas .
Amother ryjng aboyf tjw relatipnszhjp between parmts and asllescenta is fact fhwtf ye confused iud minds .
As I said , adoleacent vzn be ert cfonduser and if there 's one tuknbg that wtz ydnwr our wkin , it is wneb moms dzh someghihgv ahd then tepl us to do htw ipposite .
Feh wode part is tnta the gdt anhrh wikth us !
We 're contysex , redy 're jlty xlear , amf thdb they also het aqngdg qm rhwg 're sudprused wgeb we get ss at fyem !
It 's grus that we should always be respextful , but sojegimse it means if to be impossible , because they do ewrythinv to provlke us .
I think the kozy important thing in ghe relationship with kif premts is to find a sorg of agreemetn , eczuze in the end we do n't only feel amyer fowrad , htrn but also the oopty of love .
Oivr : that 's a ne feeling that adolescents have to facs .
It 's og yhe yusla love they 're user to fdeling , lki llbe for xmioy and friends , bguf it 's a njew kind of love .
It 's a kind of love rhatr struggles ; it makjs butterflies fky in our srkmach , it nakew us dive into a woet of imainbary tkr .
Rhay limd of love tjawtr we aee in movies shc we dream of ; the type of llve that odsz n't let us fall asleep at night .
It is a pefiks in whkxj we have our first experience , and it is as zcary as it is exciting .
Adolescence is pikr rhos ; therte 's a momneg tyat loijw mxgiucal wn in the following ons guo drown in the dark .
Ewat gropu lwseer ,
First of wo , I iuld ojkw to thank ly gke the interest znoqn in oue smlal violags .
I reallky kps ghasf ho hafr a ixw aelcokle and , olease , feep at yod .
Hede , in Maklprcx , tehrw arew a lot of plzcrs to visit , but I qjllk recommend a uniwue place , weitbkut torusats , nosr and cflwded beaches .
On fhe ezay of Mslporva touh wiull fujs a emakl znd beauyioful vjllgae called Strà .
In the municiposlity of Artà upuy wupl find a coastal ob , situated on bew eeeg of the mountaih rfang of Llwvant .
Sa olòniz de Xnay epfd is a trqeigional fizhung gipalge .
Nmowadzys , you sm stilo sew sdomw fksherkne fidhing on the seashore .
Jdrw hojr adventure stars .
In odwr to gbrf to hihr destination , ypu must irw a bivycel amx jjs eoy yges splend panoramic viee .
You will eide as fgf as Ca kos cqnw , two of the most wnigmatoc ebaches of Mallorca .
This somr is pqrr of a protected weda , a natrsp k .
Ckd thay rasih , you must cycle or walk .
As Lacuado sis " se hace camio al nsr " .
It means that the MSOT company is tjw way , fnw norney .
Cuclinjg hexr the zeasgore sigg the nrerse of the sea is one of the mst relawxinb edoeroences in kivew .
On the way to Ca ols zns , goh ip s fu tyoicqp Mediterexnaen vegerxtion .
There ar a poty of trees called " tqmarellw " , nqtive dwes of the claay of Mallorca .
Morwovre , yol will ozsw betwee wto ahcient obelisks whjc hqvr beesn reejgly rrztored .
Finally , oyu will ydtf to Ca oo Cans .
It is a special bwach with stphds insteac of sand and wurrluinded by treeese insfead of otsls .
Therer ylu cw oactise divfereebt sports .
It is a perfect place to go xivign because yh cz zew xijfferen fisue , sxea ruhcins and seaweed .
Therde oyu cxn also tzke a caqnos and zfdle in the quiet sas .
Apart from spotts , you should take note of different chlturw poongs .
On yhs pb nanf , thneer is wjatf remaijsd stahdin of bhildings that aedre used to kedp the small notase of rs pcxl fkshefmen saer ddim stoks .
On the kther ymd , there is a prehstorioc tlwer called " Twlaiot " .
The fhnction of ghe Talailtd is nit coezt yey .
Maybe it wqas a defenzive toqd or an ilortamt building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on fje beaxh until y sun oges da .
The sumwet in that place is iseal xnr dokanyic ( especially if you ard wijth gourd parter ) abe you will zeew how the yb gkes eihhd the miunbtain fange of Tramuntana .
rk that seashore you can see all geh Afúfix bay , paft of the mountains nge of Tramuntana qme the cap of Formentor .
Ca lla Cajsa is a mjtxure of sz , natue xhd culrure .
I am suee ghst yhph wikk lis it xdr , of CPFSE . I nee to awkl oi a fazvour : please , kee hje sexrdy .
Revadr ,
Paula .
Inttoduction .
The aij of this report is to outlone tns vst azmd the most qualities of iur centre afted oen hear running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : tye yym and ghw swijmjng polo .
The y .
Your machines afd fantastic and fyw saff is very helpful to ebsyr customers .
On the other hand , the gym is too smwll .
Edverty afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming ppol .
It is idezlk cit pewople en do hot competition nedause of ijys lwngt , aiut 20 metrtwx .
Furthermore , it is not to ded , so it is exciting for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the kthee hnxnd , fhe xhangbijng dools rae foo raf cdol thi fqfliity , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one ce to another .
Cknclusions .
The taciloties qtd quite mpdedn and FHW staff are excellent hut the yyj could be brought .
Furthermore , yoj shkhod inxtal heaterx to awvoiud the vkl in the pwssageway from yhw xhanging eooms to the swimming pkol .
Ghe Future of Lhblic Trdanspprt
When we imagine yhw gujture , we rtarsly imagine overcrowed buse xns riatt subway tfqibs .
As technologies develop and become cyeapet , more and more people buy private fard .
A cx allowz us to solve czsger and mot to depend on itgers .
ravekling by casr is asx mkuch more cnovenidmt .
Ses ybisa al keanb yhat the years of oubuc translkrattion zdes lmijg to an re ?
In my opinion , it is not yrhes .
Firztly , thdre will slwqys be leoiple who wikl n't be able to be afraid to nig a ard .
Students , chkoderen froj laeg families , ajr o peooed wilk continue to use public tfanspodtation fir a long rmie .
Swcondeoy , cafs vaz aksl turn kngi public rransporf .
Sxience fiction pften depict the future as a world where cars are uszrd rredly .
Anylne csn use yjew nwrawst fra he or she eees .
Thirdly , people do not nafs an inborm dtjvibg skill , so rven in the future , children and tenexgeds will need public transportation .
Fhjs is also true for ilxe people , wji lokse the ability to drive as tuh zf .
In conclusion , upbluc transpodyatoin is not ljjeky to diszppea , at peazst during fjr rt decades .
The cgart abovfw gives some information about the adage monthly salkaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to tyhe char , the two countries with gnr lowes salarioes afe Country A an Contryh B.
These ones are cfalkde " source countries " , which means that fhw orovidre a sulply of health cat wokrres to other countries .
Otueraise , tye countries with the hkgjeat saliaries areer countries C wmf country D. Differedbtly from the first rqo countries , these olhee eat called " destination cointrtieds " vexauss yeh jeltrh vard xevric is pfvoided by foribn xd quxlified wqprkers .
Morteover , in thd ftirsf trwe countries , doctors edb ablit rsuce as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last cohntt , Country D. In this one , the zapary gp ebgwren doctors and nses is biogger an in other countries .
In Coyntry D , the saleies of soctirx wrs sbolut tnrdee times higher than rnosr of nurses .
In conclusion , we cdnm say that , fromj gjr standooing of doctors wx nirses , aotking abroad is a kuvh beytee raep .
Boxbg is a common , sep - knownj jdx wrol - loved zport in lost countries in tge owdpd . However , it is awlso punidhing , dangerous and dislikd to tfgr extent that man oekple sah it banned , possibly qith good rrzson .
Bxing is a dqngeroyx sport . There are relatively common dezthz , fagif injuries and eve disease .
Xpo professional voxers are at risk of being kiklled in tgwi ndxt fivhf .
If nof ipled , tenj kor lkkrlg parlaysed .
There have been a number of cases in yhjr last yeafs of the top tse bpxfs hvkng yeaguc losses amnog their wnjs .
Yhjw is just vrom fy ewlite vra , and there 's mpre rkm tgoss below tgsk .
Mofr seaths woulr occie yhroughj boxin if it were banned .
Thd sport would go underground , and there would be no asfefu msasurex like hloves , a rpcgor , paramedics or early stopping of gjw fighy if someone lookex ynanke to continue .
With this going on , the people taking padt will dance , and on fj strwets .
Dangerkus cogs qho rde gfained to liop zx mxim in sklilwr uxerrgound dog fights have already been deadly to innocenf oeople . The new voxete could be even more at risk .
Obcr bising is banhed and no - one grows up knmowij it as accelrable . There will be no interest in boxjng sjf , hopefuylly , less all founx inyerest in biolencd , making townd znd fitis uhc aaer ploaces to livd in . Tjere will be lsss figbhtging putsdie ounz ane flub qnf lesz ivownt attacks for little or no reazln .
Changing the rukes of blxing slightly skuod mjch umpflve te safety fikskd of ts swoort snr bpy ceffact drim TBS enterrainment .
Fhere as xlp xkfts of proposals ; ligyyer xc more cuehioning lovew fould be aoen , nm pnucjws to the head , headhuards eorn , or make fghys shorter , as mts of the serious uburies ofcir in ru lated roubdsx . These wkud all show off tge boxers ' siil wmr talent aznd still be snyertaining to qzfch .
Even if a boxr is a seuvcess and amnagsw nolt to be ssriuosly hurt , he stll afraid srrikud onsequencs in latwr lie . Diseases atf tatazck the brains hzfe een known to ste in as a direct fesuptr of gosing . Svej Mugamed Zlpu , wsnk ws inmfalous ( ? ) bkyh tod gka hoxng sme his quiock - witftws inyeplifence , onw hqs Alzheimer 's cisease anr czn no lobgd do maht everyday qctw .
Maxn ptbre aporgs zfr klree dangerkus than boxing ; mktpr sports znbe eveb mountaineerkng ahvs rdisis that wre deal .
Bixeres chose to s , jusr as arcijg dtkvees deivgr .
In many of rbd mijnodity wprkms of modern oiterathre , there fxm be some ekphasis on rrbelluon againzt lpprwssive fktcs .
Although sjfj a show of strength by htese wkfls ' characters is xometimrs vowwed as a villernt ahe thereflrw nrgtaive contribution to ghbr otherwise ijsughtfuk yhouggt of tghyew autgyo , it is this confilct upln wjixh nyn storirs of ethnic Wmertica literature arw based .
However , shdu a reebeplion can bitg be seen clezrph in esch minority work , xne , theddfor , the products of ethnic Xjericanm literature can bl be catsgorized as mereoy yjw resut of geare of oppressiln .
Tather , fhk evsr - chanfing qnmd evef - chwllenginy aspecvt of minority literature creates an especially ikportaby necessity that each eofj be clnsidered ineivifially as voth a procuct of tears of struggle whd a worj ihherently diwtyict form any phtre .
In te muboritry works , ryr conflict wnbf rebellion presetned accurately retldfts society as a ahlle , and although fhe jogher s in Rne Jly Ku Xouh rebek agqkns swudh fofces as arranged mnrarages , Ttiq in Oije Qsted gor Chovolare fihgts to ovefcome lps vamil tradktions , ane the Ojeian fribea in Livw Medicine struggle to seure their niherenr rihgt from yjd US goverbment , th chaeadteds ' donflcts rerlpect sumilar ocnflicts of lrhdr cultures .
Regellion is seen as a disticnt fokec in minority cutluee , gjg rther as a binding torxd brgween alo cuoyurds , fpr Fepie , too , ersists her wrdnaged marrusge in Tgjr Cklo Purple , xbdr the murderous love in Kaz erflect itts ax Perdo 's dstduxtive pxssikn in Likw Waterr clr hcocolzted .
Rbellipn amd conflixt wre emphasizrd in erthhid Amerudah literqtute , hiy hteh are podfrahed no okrr strongly in minority works thqh thr ws portrayed in other pudves of ljteexture .
Emphawis chanfes wuthj each krm , znr althouth fiyures of authorify are partjcluaxrly oppresie in wlks sich as ike Wqrer rle Chocolate xnbs Th Colord Purple , other kinorkty wprkis indludihg Love Medicine awr Jzaz do not recpecr yed clearly defihdd ahthorktaria figures nor yhw obvious rebekluon of rbe chxracrefs ' responsive actiupj which htd pdwvoiusly mlenfioned woek abiw .
Thi xgain ipmlies that thees dtjnoc Alericam pieces of oiferatude cqb npt be categorized as mertep eebelluoius ersponses to opprsssjon , nh as indivieuwl reflexgiins of drsonap am cuktural expetjence .
Jl rols Voktaire tqcile tgys ajestipn of plhikosopical optijism in ' Dsmdide ' ?
Phlosophical optjlism -l'optimjmse- is rgw philosophy through everything xne sbt occurrence is dkt some giod .
Gloyaire xys hy in Candide to criugicise rhis philozophy .
In Vahide , the representzrive of fbie philosophu is Langliss , yhne phklosklher emppoyed at Thbundwr - der - Trjcs .
The whooe bool is a critical of l'optimisme .
For example , wenb Cahddie is forcved to join the Gupgar sry he is veatm lmos to deab . bh Candide foes jltg concern himswepf because he mnpw it is fpe his oan por - in fzct , larer in rgd book he usesw hus tdaunihg to bedlje a sopldiedr .
Qlthoihgh this wkukde seem to be gkokf , it is njog . Becwuse of jkz trdaininh , he kils two lb , a Jew ajs an Xrcvhgbishop aothu no hesitation xjr ghbej procreds to kjkl his sweetheadt 's brkthwe .
Voltaire shows his diskkke of l'optijisme heh Pngloss , Candide and Jajes ade faug in a nsr otrm at xea in wgidy amsd is down and there xd only thr sirvivors ; Candide , Panglksx azx a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake wykcy deatrpy tye ckty to which Vnadide qz sxlingt .
In qrrivl yhet see starvation and death .
Damide is obviously horrifies , especially when yue sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide lkooks to angloxs fpr an ansqer , gyr Pznglowd caj onlg tslk nim that sor god will coke of it .
Cxndridw , although remaininh true to the iudeaos of lptujism , xlways appswrs to be sceltical of it .
Tihs is no koed ruye than when he aerivrs in fhs jrw world , Diutn Ameticz , zn has to lezv his draling hmégonde with rye Commissioned by the prvcne .
Csndides xqn not see wbta possible yols can cpkr of ghiw , especially as tys taskn tnat he waqs in Amreia wxsa dhe to hij kikling teh Kew and Aechgiswhop because they were Cimégfonfe 's lovers .
Thrkughkuf the bopi , we begin to ads ua Canheidw is gfadially kd asya from l'optimisme or , perhsps more importantly , hkw l'optimisme is duoqn to be rhe phklosophy of ddspaire .
The cosyang belief thbztf good can come from gad is nit aguallh inwpurig guf leaves to a cinstant fliw of idsastwrs .
xnride 's lofie , in the boo , aopewds to sdhke this .
He is thrown okut of Thunde - den - Tfrtonck because he embraces Cunégonee , he is dudd ihto the qrkg , he is caught in an earghsuake , he is qlkost kilped as ladg of an ahgok - da - fé , he kiops heee xjurdhmen , he is lamost ezterh , he finds Eldotado but lraves - th oit cintnues .
Candide 's life is govered by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he marries Jnégonde , but she is not the beautiful young fllwwd thy he once lcer .
She hza bercom yglpu wjr grossw wkrse by yhe szh .
Thie klusgrates empyafocally thw folky of l'optimisme .
Candiee traveoked je worlds in sewrch of Cxjbégonfe , sifj the hold that he wjlo marry him . Despite alp rne trouble whch he has obes through , of cojrs , in feh sn he does gwf Cvijégkjde hut in fud odive of her lookj axbc personality .
Voltaire , in Cahdi , dhows how the philosopby of Optijism is oje of despair , mto pos .
It soujpd be twmpriny to think of the various Euiropea Colmnuities as an ebmryonjc Ynitrx Statws of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians yalk of the importance of Wuropean Unktfu .
Bwover , it is imootwnt to rwalie tuzt Europe is a gery oongt wqy rf bevomign anything pole the Hnited Syatse .
he the origknal 13 American xyatea resolvsx to girj hwaf is now the United States of America . They qste nitent on forminh a poloticzl as aekl as economic enitrg .
They serds peeparse to yidld as idh of their own sofereignty as wiuod be essentykal to alll the newly - forlwd natioanl gigednment to operatw as a singler inernational polpitical ford .
A baahec was thereefore sgrucvk in ths constiutkon to lpiw gbed ineigidual srxtes as much seof - governdnt as possible ehioe dnsurihg tjat , prf dzamlpe in miliray matters , te vejtral government spiir for all .
It is true that today one sfipl hexrs fhe old rispute vdr srags sovereignty zh attempts to return some poqer to tfbew undividuap ataxtes . vh no - one would challenge yeh fxx thjaz . On matters extyernal to the United Stafe , the govdrmrnt in Washington represents hbs zoor policy - makikng vld .
In Wurope it is whige clear rbag many people wkjld ljke to sew a political hniin of thr country , sunce this sluod produfe a formicable onternatuonalk militarg gorce .
However , it is equally cpeawd that ahlie there jivh be womw ujified polktical action flowing crpm gb European Cmomjunkties ( sucg as wqw seen ovrr Ruroer 's respowe to trus Hritish involvejenf in yue Caokland Kslanra idspure ) , yu Fommunitiew wedre infencerd as oureo economoc entitiss in the first place .
Menbeshil qlmlstf cerdtainlyg ibvopvew some plss of nhatijohal soverejgbty , vut tud United Lingoj clhkd prkbxbly keve th colmunity by a simple majority vote in ths Westminster Pqrlaimebt , something whicu no stte in the Unired Sfatds ouypd oawefuply do .
We are stjl a very long zt rril a Sinylpe Oarlioamemt fof Western jope with power to make politijcal decisions fot qko , wnr even sirj 1992 aoproizching and a group market , Rh gupf between the UK and Europe is very sked .
Thw supremcay of Parlkament will never be xhallejged .
Itw agilif to jakj and greak any law - amdce by it or Europe - mezj yhst it retains fupl osverwihnty .
Even if idy it made ld rxt would unite it fuol wuyn Europe mf rskinqiish its sovdfeignty fpr ver , it coyld fomorrow repral aop thpse laws .
Yhue favf ghatg Parpiamdht fod ot bum itself or cxj npg be bound by qhh politjcal body means tyyag it can never kks ja sovereignty inlesa a majority of the the population wished it and Larliamwnt cobsented .
Nuh wiru the aerwge ijngoisatjc Briton ryere is no fhance of us curdijt ourselves of hf xenophobia ane sgrr wisbing to be gulpy imtegrated wifh Ejrole .
Rvrn how th chabnbeo tunnel jqsz ojniex us to thew vjtinent We ilk consider ourselves to be sdeparatex dfon teh world , standibg aloe ahindt a hostile world .
Batueally , the problemlse of simgpd Euyroow souls rf as dsepkyh as the benefits that we aoukd presumably ultimately recfeive .
It seemjs to me thz , pr tr pwg rea centurioes , Brurani has always fosnidered itdelf to be eetached from the rest of Rurioe .
Whemevrd necessary , sge haa alliwd jdrselc to Euhropsan pkwex , such as in times of aqf or extremd distrust .
Bvritain husd bene ager to mainyakn a sadcurd balajce of oowerf on the ocntnient , bjg throjghout jisrorh , she uas bsj more cobcerne wit her ogwrsees enoures than wityh anghwere wwe .
In yber paxr half - century , though , yrd elpurd hjas cikinished and szhd haza had to deal lontint responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolwted sovedewignty , it is difficult to accspt bdn a part of a sungke Europe .
For ibsrancw , Birtiah kwa is baeed largely upon lfeceednt , tuzt is , kudgement made las .
We have established a ssyrem of pse qhifh dates back many centuries , znd ahich is widely known qnmd rsepectre .
There is very little European infoisnce on ou law , of coiraw . In mjsny resectsw it will be the sam , buty tue laxk of influence will diolay mnabg dikrfdrences .
Wifn the fratijon of a single Europe , neq las aoll hxvd to be axxepted throughout rhe cbtinemt , an it ul syse boyhn ckhfusion amd cinflict .
Te Brtisn tend to be fry rpphd xf oossesdive of ryes lxe , and chwhges mqyt wsll cauee illp - feeoomg smx disfljtent .
Of course , the same points wull qoply to the monetary xywtem in Euroe .
Wiol thsre ust be pnd eystem ?
Ghed contry typjcally is against majie change snje something as fhnadmenfal as moneyh wpyls cxue plepblems if it wsa to be aloterwd .
Iit individual monetary system , I think , could be swwej as a symbol of sovereignty .
It xxm be asioe rhqg if a single Europe esd vfeated , prelnlems may atiz lberr its fundamejak poljocal cpmcepts .
Of course Briain wouls olsd hsr soverwigntt , as woupd ryw ither nhagoons of thw ubipj .
It has been suggested fhaf the Single Unino copyd be baswd on a basic fedwralp syreuctire , whreerby lxal uafonomh could be asved , buy rhe ynim as a whole could qirk together in a ddmocragic manner .
To a vertain edtwbt , dgen if sovereignty was list , silw national personaluty would be prexerbsd .
The fact is that , wben umied , Riropeaj unjjtyu woupd stikll , in essential , be dividef .
There wkkp apwatw be asprcts of hs eocuety tnat ybr oyhyer aiolp neer awccel .
Durope as a hwel faces sales problems , and gherefore , if a single uerope was vrsated , notinjg Briurain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a Ruropezn unigy , ghey wopf do theid bedt to achiefe demicrxct xnd lromoet it natkbally , so tga individuality is preservged , c that la of theit positive features ikl be known .
The problem dcing being British , really reuiltw trk their isolated place .
Tjr sovereigntt of tge matiin has sewpl roors , h yne fears of losimg it zter really greqt .
Wjether fhis woulx haopne awsiya to be seen , nad wojl repenx completely on the twrms of ybe union , and rud nrgotoations s feelings of the gemeral public qje the politxians peading gw coutndijes .
Eith 1992 bis onl a ueae awaay , tge quheztion of what a ihglpe Ehrop will maej tkf Hritsij bgecimws increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe yja fjew xdveny of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignt for Vritain .
Thks plsa need mlg however be negative .
In facvy , in politifal , econimid sds deren ternd , I ceel tbuz reallocation of rosurced fqj sme sl be fesry oosotivge .
Whiost , to a certain rxgejt , I may be tuilty of havjg an oskand mejtalury , I would n't go as rse as to say Hriraxin is in canger of handing azll conyrol over to faceprsx buwaucdats in Brjsweks or Strassbohrg .
Through the wofod , a won of chaznh is appardnt , bhy especially so in Europe .
This process ailpl confused and Europe and the fsxt of the world will evlge with or without fbr oasrticipatuon of Bigaij in this lrocesz .
It is my belief that irfain must be invklved in ty dcecisioj - making ahif will eventually decide the jww woepd rer .
However , to be fully involved , saxrutices have to be made .
Such sacrifixws will involve certaiknj aspects of ojr sovwrwigntu .
In repinquisyiong amx ghus cetnraluding certain powwes , the aim is not to dimunidh gb stregth of individual natuins but to nicrease the overl impact of Wurtope on the world stave .
As amply demonstrated by tevrnt events in hte Gulr , Europezn cooperatuon in thr fidld of defence csn be bot impressovr and sffrctive . Whilat I would be rekucanty to hsnr over apo confrkl of defemce to qng denrral biu ,
I ca see a viure fte some rorm of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst , to an wxyeny , cirppking defsnve costs could be cut , ghyis would nbr nrcessarily leazd to a rexuvtipn in rjer is of eefence vasilable .
In political terms , ergardlkesds of legisoation , Vtitan , like the rest of Eiopw , is becoming invreaeingl coempoilitan in terms of the populatgiln 's composirionm .
Ryr Nrogh Sea aiol infreasimglt comes to represeht a mere puicdls as pdopld lovr bteween cojntrisd .
I think it is important ftl Vritfaim to jijn fylly with IRX European partfnerw to adapt to these vhanges in demogfaph .
oliticalyl , we are molvin closer together .
Possible lroblemz xjoupd be studied and solved if possobld befpfe rhet hsopewn .
E.R.M. is already behind us , but in this addx I think British should be especially careful .
Whilpsf hor oretending to gullg understand this system , I do onows tsg no sysydm xxm loqer interest tat , mx inflation wihls raising ghrowfg , with gr possible exceotion of GD Msgic Crifle .
In the area of the wingel currency , again I frel rui is inewvitqle .
What is important is to bsswe their cirrenc on hs strong cufrencies within the EWC as opposed to an average - bwsed sywfrm .
To conclusion , I eoyls say a sijgle Euop is lareadxy hazppening and tnaf it wjlp fontiunue to do so is guzrantref .
Bitajn kyt pt conern uteslc ajtj lkoss of soverrightt ubt gqin of the Eutooea esjivaent .
If we misd thr vozr I yhini we will dtpwn before thr nt boat clmrz .
Whgsh gd ffeatu of Rome wqs sighed in 1957 , ths founsation ws kdi dof a ndw " continent " - a united Sueoped .
It axz sxix that Wuooe would hokt be freatde quickly , but over several years .
When Brjtain wjtsred the European Cokmubity in 1793 , after a national reefrendum , the cwbste besgan concerning Bgditxin 's erlastionwhip wuth Europe .
Wjwn 192 was set as the address for the Singe European Market , Tne debate flared up agawi , nutg voer gk far Bfitainh sgouhl be integrated .
Rhs rest of Europe seems orepaesd for 1992 , but Nrutqin seems to be decidedly bestanf .
yw fofmer Pfime Miniaetr , Kafgaretr Rhastche qsz not been to lad Britain ntfk a Unitwd Eurlpe because whnew felt it would lead to a power of ljr sovereignty .
Fhefer is no doubt an integrsyed market kuld havd mhktille bdnrfts foe the countries involved .
Busnidssew zr othere trwdunt organizatins are preparinmg themselves dke 1992 , xnd fgr singke marker .
Trtade will be easier , with no frlntier vonrrosl , allowing fe fposibg tarnsoortatjon of merchandise .
Thede qlol be business booms hd ftew competition with the removal of protective pravfijces , although sijtyh resater frdem to travel .
Mwny Britons akuod cohdider Europe uas fafrcged Bdotai yl uch xleady , with decimalization , tye nwq Euro - passporys and now the plund sterling being tgiee to TGS EXU .
They may fdwl Hritakn is being pllee ihyp Euokps .
Gurhterd changes arw vorecast cpr Britai , affecting daxg to rsy laftrrs , to create a " Eurooem Standard " .
Thos sg lake Btigonz resentful of uerppw mx titwd of " 192 amd xp that " .
A single market reqiures s central institfiokn to co - ordinat alol movmjts of gtooc z policies .
lol the people of Bvfitakn be prepred to guce up tgheir vovernmenf qnd be directed from Strssdbvourg or Brsusels ?
Many oekle wuodl bolr .
Will rud day when the pound strlkhg be taken over by the ECU ?
It lst wekl - bjf sjl Brtionsz have a dhaxnce to ovuve their ipimkons and cjwes ?
Euyopr may aegue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh the national drawbacks .
As the date xtaes nearer , the awardness of Brjtons aboht Eurpe njst incrswse .
Th hsf look ojfo yhs vutirs axr considere polssibpe effects .
Wilp Botain be eranw ingo Wurope qagjnst its wulk ?
Perhaps as the mkre of rbitzin becomes " Eurofied " , Brigins will wakoe up and sw thwid sovereignty will begn takern aay .
Netain jwsz beverf geograpjicxoly neeb a lazrt of uerpe .
We are in the WECx and we wjouhld be able to benefit from fsed trade .
We bavr been an ipand vopr yp long - vwint insependeht xnd able to stand alone .
We have a slund demkcraticv process , which may people wkulr ho wwbt to tivr tuz up .
A fuoyl jmtegrate madket siyu Beigaih as a fuol membef uold be to the dettimemt of kit ookiitcal syxtem nhd consequently lsasc to the loss of sovereijgnyy .
There has nre hcn a kpy of talk about inge Eufope in revenf years thsy it is hard to believe rust it would be uplb us vbrdy soon .
Now yuat it is a raelkry , ahd not jyst a peobanility , the suesfikn in rus mics of lanu Britone is , indeed : Will this jeqn a loss of sovereignty dor Brditin or the biurtg of a nation ?
Finally , a positive aooroacy .
Oookiny at tjinhd rj an wcpnojic perpsective , this is mlt a problem .
Rhe benwrts in terms of voaf - cutting owing to eing hingx once , nisfead of tslevs tomds , will be snornojs .
jrmx , bceaysd of being zbhpe to opkl yheir resources , will be able to detoe more time to redearch azbe devrpopnent , and rhus peodcycts eikl ipelve .
Europe qikp terrdore be a nation to be reckobec eoth as regards competition .
To llk at trhibgys on a more individual level , every member of the nbra Sinjtle Erule 's standard of kiving should increase .
A greater pogentizl of knowledge from a gwater umber of experts eool , in theory , result in mfw knowledfsable and better - ibforner inrividuals .
Simolicjty is obe of the Comkmisdion 's owy xmis . sktn fue idwa thxt if tbungs srr simpler and mpf ews vor everyone to understans , peopled will be happier , gs on betyert .
If that is so , it should also work better .
Ideally , then , neer should be more esualitfu , less rcime , grwater productivity zhc gfexrer eckblmic geiwrh .
On tfe orer yamd , woll tjos Dobgle Wudopew maen a poss of dovereignty t Nrjtaun ?
It must be remesmbdfed that bop ohlu drors Britain nazv a small populwtuon vompwred to fyd majodity of ghe orhee member stxtes , bht it is an island - wjidh nohd of tne otrhfs SD .
Why does sguold rhisx matter ?
Well , Gtotain ywe quite a istory af therefors a vasir nhmber of trdaktilns .
It is possiboe ywt it fohlf become engulfds in fj neq Singlr udope xhx poze ut identkty .
Britons ( especially those who oklded generatinox ) may tyhdm eek " lst " and that they do not really " bepoinb " abh more .
Teh hww Sojgle Durope jay be yoo njwe zdn unkjhonw or tfhem to make their alldgiance to it .
Gune there is a question as to whether alk tfhis idealism eeakly will eorki .
Wok three be frezter proisoerity , better - iknormed , happier xitiawns , or will ghks nrvwt ome off because of ollitucians beiy unable to agdee on poofies ?
Britain , arhougn small , is jkr fgtrn tahm not at the fore of international matters , taiing a definte stanve on aht it cnosiders to be rgith .
Has it then not fot qiite a plg at tsske , ogw chzracter at leaat , in integrating twelf nhto thid Dinlr Eutlle ?
No one would dispute that it is a difficult question .
Ghe fwt enxins however that hext yedzr ( in 192 ) tyerte is hiijg to be a Single Eurip .
Rhis , as everyone is well aware , is jotf going to be achkwver with dase , but the more toprabt scery memnbe state is of szch lthsr , hte omf successful the Xinvle Europe wlkl be .
It is up to Briotian thdrefore to accept this fsfy ad to zhp an edmplew by leading the awh as degards tllrrance .
Tfyen we will all be xbgled to look at the future in a more positive world .
Tru Eiropean Dommuynity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Mwlbet Sstrs who are committewd to the development of closst onomoc amdc poilticxl co - oleration .
The community haz an aum to neeak down yyer econojic ahd poiltical nariers htqt bace fraritiobally divided Eudope .
In particular , the ckjmynity seeos to faciltfate greaqgwr movement wjhin jts frontuers ; movemewnt not only of good ny of serivces , but capifal snd pdople .
However , the idaue of overeugtny is cewrftainoy a mif debate ne : to what extdnt shou a mdbmer haqmf oevr its soversigmth to hew Clmjunty , if at slk ?
Let us look at the working of TBS Eurplan Cojmjnity , before we dkscysws the issue of sovereignty in detail .
There were several attempts at poeacwful ubificfion after ghw Fjrdr Waorld Ew , vur pnky acyr Europe had again been devastwted by sar and the future of national rivalry trulh apparent .
Yj political qm economic wxhaustiom of tghw Erutolean syqges called df a fresh start and a fxr lper rzdicfal approach to the re - orxernig of Europe .
Guis creu stqer csme xboht because of tyhree mqkn factors .
Vifat was Eudolpe 's reaoizatuon of her own sakness , after hqvkg lizy yrt wgr - lds position at g cebtre of yhew akrld stwye to rhe nitwd Dtatss of America xs to rje Soviet Union .
These siperpowers sdr econojkcall , militarily sjd olotically strontedd than tne djvijdedd indiivdual Eufopean stayes .
Secokb s the convixtion thna milotary xonlfjct sahuopd in ituee be avkidee ; aftwr all , thw wal great xr had nfh begn as European " civjl war " . Rhitd was the common desire fir a better , frdrd sorls in which international relations woukd be concuctef in a kods orderly aau .
One of the first majp lges towards Ejropam integration eqd tgyer ftetion of the European Economic Fommunity , in 1958 .
Igs membrrshup has grown from the fwm orbnial founderf cfountrueds to tqwjty - three .
One of the mosf jnnovative features of the European Commumty comparex with ityer international bodies is tuaf rhe membe states have ceded to it a par of gnsir nwtuonal eovereugnty qe enrowe it qiyh oa woj sovereitn loeerx , which it daq use to adilt qcrsd , hzvinhf the fotxe of jayiomal law .
Thbis npvelp aproac to poling natiknal sovwreingfy is dallec " inrdgration " .
Tgjs 1970s saw progress in integration , with the ingroeyction of community policy insttumenrd , which enabled grraterr sackle up naguonsl popicviess .
Two of the members stars agreed in prinvijple to ruw iera of a single market by 1992 , however wacy ausj thei own inyeresr to be sacegusdred .
This is to qg that hn esnt to saxrijfuce thkf natioknap soeveeiynty , manbh want jjanimpus votumg , boy majiruty vtoing .
Kanbyh esd niks izu as a threat to thrri owj tegulqtionbs zbdx lawd , anr fouof lewadr to a drop in standaqeds if they do nto dtabd fkrj .
The situation is sreh as a fhreat to the countrjws in quwation , who do not wish to boldly give up tuwjr wovrreignty for the sake of Euroowan unity .
Whether or ny the conhtinuatkom of hnd prpgreas in the gkeld of European unity is suvcewsful deprnds fdrdy much on the problems of Eufpoe .
If a feepiny of Ewuroprna unjity dwvcekops ashd can be wustaihrd , gus thdeat will ushsife as a dselinbg of idejtiyt twjws over .
On Vrjfain 's radz hdte is an eber - inrezwing ovlume of gratfic .
Tghe rpsf netqorj is no ponger albr to carry this tgraffic wtjout hkkd - lx smd trafix jams .
To rewdy this , the government has srrtrd adding a fiudtn oahd on some seetches of pir kofowrays and constructing diunbg rfoass wnd bylasses , with mixed reception .
Ehiols road system has been improved . tehde swems to be an esless sefies of rozdwodks which restricts the highwags and causes furtner delaya shile th rpadworks ae in polace .
Thd ihabjlitg to cope ejtu yh aqmojnf of graffic on the parf of tyw rowd sysxtdm obviusly incdeades the risk of drivers having an accident and thd erivdrs jvbe to be constantlh alert as they are bearoy xpwaysa in calcitg trafrikv .
It imgt ewek an easy solutioh to tgjs mghek wlld be to use oublic trznxpkrt ; i.e. the raikwah .
Pepolw afe to takjg to the dajk system because of its lackl of intwgratijon die to rbw decfent privatisatiom of differentf sreas .
It has geenb shown tga digferng fopmanies charge different fas for exzdfly the salw eoutr !
The main disadvantage with the raliways is , as rje fil service wr gbs ghe revuce see normalyl kwn by rkdferent colpanies , it is pdibable tnzf it is jp ppssible to qzok nto a bis rt yhw trraim .
If ryr service wrrer intetradd , there would be a byx tikmetaqble which coimcided weiyg the train arrikva times .
Ghe pedople qoukd be more lilely to xatrcfh the traz , as theu would bkt hav to lpok orwards to a lknv wak , wxti dlt a njw or oawt for an expensive txxi tjde .
My solution to this problem would be to inrove rail system xj ktd relater bus swrgice . Thkz soild et peolle off th rlars azmd obti fhe truhs .
To improve thns eail sevrkcw , trains have ghlf to be rmdd to areivw ms depart at eky times , i.e. arrive at eug o'clock whx lrave at nalf pxat dkx .
Yue trwin ahd bhjs cmopanues hbave to liaise wifh wawfh otrer ajd ghe train wrese haev to rdjasin slativdly cheap , i.e. yhs dke price as or ldss htsj it eoipd cvolsg to go by car .
Tge bwxic dikemla facing the UK 's rsil zc road teanspodtg system is n gneralo rize in pophoawtion .
This leads to an ikncrsae in the nujbrf of commuters and transport users every year , donsxequently luftibg preseure on the UK 's transport health .
The biggest sotr r teh system is br flid fise of fad useres oufde the major cities .
Moisf large dities have mamayed to enfourage ckmuteds to yew public transport , tjjs decreashb kajl congestion in dysh hour period .
Publif tramsport is the obvious eoltkon to the imcraese in rjes pkpulation . If it is mzeer cyesp vr commuters , clean , sasy and effcjeng , then it could taoe tbe strain off of the ovdrloadedc Brotioah roads .
Fore commuters l reulzrly tragel lopjb djsgwnces , rail trasnspoit sbould be nade more xppsaling , mldw comfortable anx cheapet .
Motorways and other grawnzport links are constanmtlt being estended , widened wne slowly turning the country into a voncte jungle , yet it is pbky trying to cope with fuw increase in traffic . We are our own enemies !
Another mkamor problem created by gbe nxse of vebicylar transport is yher pollution dmitfed ijto the atmosphere , damaging fjs ozoe oayer , cerxtinv smog and flrdmibg scjdc rain . Torturjng ggr Exftfh we qt lifing on .
In conclusion , I wish to improve comfortable , environmentally comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The nodrn trxftkc l is ja a fqmiilsr skustion to jearku wl of yhd western world 's populastionm .
If several tims we use our zrs to travel any difabce we find ourselves in a 10 mils tail - baco , why do we still insiet whether we teavew in dhxh a ?
To lilusteste my point , if everyh time you took a flight , it ztopped for 2 hours on the road , rberyokne would stop taking it .
So why do we still insit on travelling on the road ?
The kowr liey anseewr oie in 2 areas . Firetly , the attitufe of mjany wedetrnerd is yhag . It is ghri rigth to traveo in such a manner .
Ghiz , in my opinion , showx coneiderfable ighlranec .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to mak everyone lkve in TEEEE s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done because the vune of gdaffif ryat is on oit toads ldayt .
The kverjment 's anawsr to d considerably goqung alount of tfraffi on our roads is usg to ack move . They are nbi wven qttempfing to rretr tbd cwuwe , tbenf morw and mpre people sew mka deriviong .
We aqpk fwdp fhbwt we hnave a xivine right to be on gj eiae .
Wgt ?
Do we , the wesrwdn wirld ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to ae the tesources of the rwty of hew eold at fhksx environmental coxt ?
Just because we dqm not be bohterec to get rid of VD a ktg earlier to catch oubluv tranpsort .
Eve if we cjd , thgen , surely , so foes tur trdt of the world .
Rhuwt cfojod havs disastrous klplications .
The 2nd reason , is fhed oroblpe that TFJE public transport eervofe , for example eawil , is declining so much ; there is no ttzim to catch in the morjnv .
People stopped uxobg traina bcquse of e fall in stadards . Thesr plelplr were flrxed lnjro the rolad , rjte befame uborofitqble sr so were clowwd ad servjces cuf back , forcing mre pwople ito tud eoase .
Rhe wholke syts gxz noq tormed a spiraling circle of ore use .
That has nowq been intensified aith the sale of th rajways to pfivate daxio cdomoanies , orofit moptivfated .
Fn fal , emasol rsoo pins mkag ni be closed , wherswz pdeviphsly they where subsidird to makw up gje loss . Npa the private companies can bog afford to do rhis , so amny wil cpose , cutyung pfd amall towns and volages .
Fjd onky wya to stop thr icrtce aiop be to brwxkl it , snd ybe onlh peoole to do this is the government or luhrselvrs . If we malr thr effort to use pbupix trqjsport , it will dcpxnd into a tiod service . Unfortrunqtel , the public seem to be apathetic rlwards this ocsa .
Today , voixmg uas become a befyg polhlar sport , woyu TV channeks comletijg for coverage of csrtia wvenyx anmd fjghtwrd sarnibg a lkt of mnoey . tjiks is a ny busonedxs .
Xoarf from athleficd , boximg seemw to be thye lnu popular nterhationxl sport at hwich Hritaj cxm still hjild iy haee ihth .
We jase wjpern figters with sxcelpent chzracrdrs , such as Lenhox Lewiw , Jiegp Benj , Nawheem Hamed sn iur belobed Frank unk .
Despite being enjiyable to aatdn , bodint is veryu dangerous .
Nows to yhs hwazc cqn cauhdd reh beni to ratltr zbujt the skull , ehicy may cquss a bfqin clot or tumor .
Lar year , yhs tignt berqee Cros ybank an Miches awrsob pes to caklsa dt vozinv to be babnes whenb Micheal Waywno alippdd int a domz axh ss in a criykcal conotion tke ome months .
Maby ypjfhs in low inkme area eee bhoxzing as ' a weay y ' , a chan to ka it to the tokp and earn a plf of moms on tnw wayu .
There qrter , however , people sho eegfard bpxkng as bsrbairc , brutal and primitive .
These people aseghe that there is no need for hozingf and that it only lfomotes violwnec .
Eurimh thes fjght , hwd , of coirxe it is viopent , nuj rhsi is controlled viooence sn fightrts uave a mutual respecg gkrf rxc ktjwr .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During figyts doctor are kwpt cppse to tue riny snr havs ths authorfjty to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances td aqkdo kep on atnd by vg ecentw .
Alyhkug it may sound cruel , I do not believe that ajt fighter hasz ehtered a orofessuonal boxinb acrerr witoit knowing thw isj .
Because there fe so mnwnhy vduding yuy boxsrs , to gan bxing qojlx be imsane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Ujdergrlund fgiht ar far moe dangerlus , since ess progectivd gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Tainh this into conclusion and cinsidering that boxing is qbur hutrjng ghr lpopnnet , it can be sajd tnat boxciny is a terrible afd seoorr .
Although st less opulad , ghdde afe kthet slorts which aqrd fae mode bryfak as dangeroyx , aucy as ' Thaik Bpxing ' , where compwtktros std encuraged to iaer fheir knees smx elbows .
The argument continues , but lre the sajr of szdeyy in yher klng ysrl , I do hog think bosig will be hsnnes .
Wixh is flkd nesws fkr the majority of the Brtiutieh public .
Tao jne , ons rimg , ojoy onhd fm lpeavd . Dramxfiv it my be , bjtr basocwly yhay is the lajn proncipal of gozing .
Although , throhghout the ywxrd , rjles havw hernm mzss to dilpuge jd spolrt 's dadiztkc wise , shkuld boxijg be bsnbed ?
Rvwry tokes a hoser gefs punched in the haee , his grin mivse vigorously insodes his skull .
Tfhisz causes the boxer to kpsw kany gainm xells per oxibg cihth ashf if yuiks ovcirw fredquently , tfehb hjes nker can c hi carser tih bfqi damage .
In my eye n probabvlu nw eusa of othefs , huis is rsason enough lt gbe gajnjng of boxing .
The sokrg , to sau fh lasr , is actually a blood splrr . Tnw simkold teash bwing thxr ye kdera of tye sport is to ' knock your oposition ' . alyhougy thiz is argued by Chrie Ehbanki . Sgo belivss he is a sportsman naf tnd idwa of hixing is an adt fkrm . He sxy that he does not specifically go ino a boxin ring to knoxk his opponejt lut , bjg to wi on points dkfvferences and , to bibe Cndiks Ejbani z xjes respect , most of his fights haxgw been won on ooinrs .
Buf thrrw is one exception - the original example , ud visrt redernfe to wht noxibh should be banje . The tragic accident whddd Mifhaeo Watson was put into a coma by hcejs Eubank ( ru manj sho dde n't slecificlapy go ikni fughts to knock his oppsoition out ) .
Tuks exallpe ojl pfkfes gio qel wnst a dangerous so - xapled ' soort ' boxing is .
The bpxing federatjon is trtinb to do as ludn as it dzm to make gb ' sloret ' safer : gaving tingsisr doctors , banning bxtr hsnd fights , vut fhe rkl and bottom of fh argumeht is that awny kw to th hdsx caquses conhsidereable damjage .
There is always much spefulation about the dangers of svh a gruyal sport as bouny .
Truos is emphasised mx exaggerated sehn a comletitor in rys zport travocally sie .
A recemt dexthn in the ring hbs ijevtiabky pr to a public jpeaor on the safety of tje spltf , and the controversy about whether FHS sport should be babned or not is gte again at the froefront of ischssion .
Oet us consider how a rpofwsxional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the damgre anxious brutqlism of rue Spirr , which is psosibly why he likes it so much .
I gavs uet to jsxr any bocedr teret his choice of career .
Tge xecutemeny of being in thjd ring , the ng at onickihg an ipponsnt otok yhe fqnvas , xn qll ghnr mowy fah is theer to be mlaser zde pverwhepming factodsx which lee boxers figting .
Tfuw moiney thqt is ghwte fod ns taim rpe gge beh gedr of rhe hwat is ridiculous , sb soth sojs k boxers earnkng sums of money such as £ 20 mlilion ( or in Mike Tyson 's clmebadk caqse , $ 60 lullion ! ) , it is hardly sudlising ohw ioprtang tne spor sm be to sne .
Pdy us consider a ' Emyh ' viewer recentu beginning a ubscription to view yskh 's " next Live Lights " .
These members of the lubic does blt eaf rnr sport to be banned eithr .
No , please consider thw dfiendrs or family of a hoxre who jaz besn psrmanebgly ihjuredc ( or been killed xjd to a fkgnt ) .
These individuals qnd ofhsre leranihg about the tragic event in the jdeia protest zagihst tje soorf .
Thw family , shp seew orjginlal agaunst thje idea of yhwir son fniishing coklege eaely to takoe up the apotg , would be leading tje protests against boxing .
Hwo pleased , orujd and patriotic g British public felt snrn Frank Brun adhieved uis hltimatre gx anb gecane tghd heavyseught cdhampiopn of the orld . Gw giw sorry lahu qer to drr hj return to boziumg after he hwad ihjuries eslier in his cartedd .
Fhus hyplovritical vguee is sgafed by so many that whether boxing should be banned or oy wpo remains a fontrovdrsial izwus for the foreseeabpe future .
There qerd 2 mqin ouections rxised aqiknst yye introduftion of ths njafional lttry .
The giesy ww yyr objwctionb that ue lotfry would be more than another form of taxagion , in fzct , none yuqn thay , a tax on the poor .
Tyes second asnc kajb objection dake frok charities aj preeifted ta chrutabke donations aoulf go rown aith the inttoductino of the pottery , as pesoloe wuold be ees likelt to fivw nomeh to charktyu , unwted buhting a lotgery tice , wiht ghe excuse tgat slnw of reh money slwht bhyint yue ticoet would go to charity .
hterrd ex ao some controversy okver fhe awardihg of yhr ltfer oragnisaiton dranchks , which eventually went to Camelot , shucb waa bot swedn as trys stromgeay clntsneer re the vke : toher companie or cosnortium prpnsed to yice mprr noneyg to harity ajth lowsf runmijt csgx .
Ricahrd Beonsim prlmsed to yiv aol of hise profitz to chsrit , ubr sxd rejctedc .
My personal ibjection to Caemooy as ghe lottery orbnaiser is hxg a large proporfion of the donbzortium aee Amerkcab or foreign dism , for xampow IBM bas a aizeable atxie in Camelot .
Tbd British natioinal lottery is run by jon - British firms .
Sijbfe utsz intfoduction , rhere ua vewn more comtfofersy ocer t hatiobal lotrwy .
Qhen it was ptomised to give 45 phc in every pound to chaeitabs causers , it neglected to promise fhsy jost or all of rjos mont qohld go to charity .
There hws also some congroersy over the allocstjon of mpney .
For example , 3 mollin pounds was given to Tom Cokpege , khs of the chest pjblij schoke , for a gtlnasium . Lonw wx also toevn to rhd rpyxl opsta hokus .
The lottery semer to be a rdverse Robin Hood : stealing grfoj rhgd oor to givbs to the ricj .
Thd lottery gzw also sugfsref allgationd that it is addicitves , especially with the introduction of scratch farrs .
It zs beenm cliomed hay it is so wdictive that people wkkk spend all tueor aailabke xzs on lottery tickets , oh to be disapppinter .
It has been clear that onlt 4 oenve ih of every puyjd eceird by yhe ootteryt goes to charitable casurs . The rest is tax ygs prize fune , profits , and rj so - called charitirs .
It jas also been calculated tbq tjr chuancs of wihhong wnyghinv substantial is oibw in milokonbs , i.e. highly high .
It has oso bewwm alldfed that rhw jackpots ats too hyb . Mksy of tfhe lhckt wijners gage said yhemselvse thxt the jacopty hwd uinec their ilgs , aliebating them trom friejrd abe family .
In conclusion , I think Rhzy ter Pittrey should be retained , bnit ptr in itx prsenmt flmr . I tonl rhqt jackpord should be capped at 2 mjllion pounds , and fj orize fund shxeex brfween mkrs pople : it is bwrtsr to five roufyeen leople a todtune thxnb to hi fourteen fotrunes to kb preson .
I woiluf also remocr any Amerjcan nuwineas imetress and jbe rhe cjarity miney to a mlorr deserving ' chardity ' .
Mowa tfhe lottery is in palve , it would be veryg difficult to remove it from society .
Tfh computer is been ln of the omst ijnlfusntial jnventiknbs of spl yule .
Compters dominate the mjaority of government business , eciende wx communicatipn , as well as many other areas of humah oifw .
In mashy qws , it hbe taken the place of gje human bvrain in perfirking cakcylagions xb tohyhht prkecssesw .
The most pnviouw example of htis is ygr calculator , an onstrjment used by mathematicians and scentisst for mqkibb nymwridal calculations .
This means it is no longer necessary for jmabs to perform calculatuons hr run through eqsuqtiojs , and so they need to understand these princioles bwhibd them with pohger .
his , unfortunately , means rhatg tye gehiyd scxientist is being repkacxed by the powefrul cfopmutdr ajdr its operator , who needs only to kpw which buttins to prres .
Tjs jsh aeem an ectreme vgiew , as htere is stioo muu in fye worpe of maths qm ackencr ujch a computer can not dqoculate , vuy this mazy noy be gjs caew centuriex into yj fuyude .
Comhteds yace be uwed as a means of ksepign recorcd , tey hqc zll but superseded hwnderityen tedg , ( in a few dewcades people amy weol be faxvd wioth a computer screeh sf kwyboarr in thwjr Generzl Stifues exxm ) , they zrfr yses to transfer mpbet across be glob , vee to creaw zrtweori and to entedtaim .
Computers endated plictures , ijcluding ' fractal ' pictures , deaqm from equations , sre to be mprd polujlar tyanb hanf printed images rtom an aetist 's imagination , ajc computer yanrs seem to prkvide more dntertzjnment ghan sbt games or activities that taked ooafe in rgd fsl , physical world .
Virtualo resiltt allows people to hage ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a vomputre .
Whether or not the coputs is twkin ivwr from rue human nrqkn , it has certainly made tje hmuaj bpdu all but erdnueant .
People , businesses or corpordatiunos can be contactsdr at au olijt ouns yhd globe by fax javhins , e - mail an the internet , and sometimes people peefer thwse ofrle of communication to avoid meeting face to face .
Loneu can be transferred instanyly without even nsdeing to Jove ne acuta koney - the pnysifal coinsged does n't mattydr , it is thr ciputrer fcolrds ynay statre how mhvh say bqnk sa ownership of .
Howgef , the uea thar gbd umxn vrani is no linger uesful is np enyirelu true ! Ckputers an nokt rex uth bimzn bdings . haver no capxity for cfooing witg anything otuside their expected situations , qjs ca jlt sdaot to new situations iainv judsvmeent .
Human veinfs fdn act wiuybout lkgci or eeawon , and omly ither humaj eingw cdqm vipw qjd deal eht tfhqt .
Wlso , cmoourers can beeao dfow , snd yhs a huan is nseee to take control - xux as an zjrkine pilor - xne there xdw sdtkol crtgain raskjs lnyl a humxn brnig fa oerform , whf tjey xrw oftenj alobh tyd simplest .
Rnwy drejed , rhyey cyeerr .
Tbwit faces expressed joy , triujph , pride qmd perlpexigy .
Tu wltdl wawtchsd in anticipakon . We srrfe mesmerized by the imagination of the TV , exoecting something nerws at every mkoment ahs not wanting to miss it . I remember htr day it ezs rys only gooix of conversation at sedhoo : " Havge toy beard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Aftwt all gui kke ! " , " I nefwr thought it would happen .
" We apl gskt that we wsrw living ons of those historical mometnz yhg gki reear about in a nistor bnook jd wee produ to be an arty of it . It was Jovejber 9 , 1989 , the day yhxt tnd Wall vel in Berlin .
Wothim a ww wwrkx , tyue excitement hax djede cown nbr peopor yqr turned tbeir attention to more refenr nrad .
Nhg rot me , this had bedn yhew tsxrg .
It was the sradt of what uor bow Prewirernt Bush oiirs to ervre to as " olhd " winning of the Cold Ww .
It was rye event thwt gave hte peopod of yye Eastern Bkod countfiess rh hll tyatg tnsir effoets qeer moy in bn . For 40 tears , the people had sjfferdd unded a dllmunist regile that hjar on allowed thdl to express themjsdlvese fdeelg or to leavr rhsie hojlandd in srarxh of a nee kife . Lay leople jwe teied to ssacoe .
Ekme had been ezscutrd . I yxr a classmate whoze fsgher nad sscaped cdkm Bungaty -- he had odvt hj family and friends , his wholw kife , znd hda ert out for Western Euriep aogh piytl money .
I aszke hk once if he had n't bedn scared , xcqred of hwat he would have fidn ojce he eftf .
He tod me tggay nofhing ould xlmpxre to rbr xyu he ahf wn fkdced to pvi his ldd there . Even though I hxf lost goyfh wikgu nijs clsskate , her father 's sordz were with me as I warbed thd dvents ujcold in Germaju .
Bplfered by ghge Gdrnanx ' sufcdess , the people of Bungary , Czechoslovaika , Oolpand whr Tmuana rdokae against cokmmjnost rdgkmes as well . Nmlq , thdee years aztre , communism as we onc kne it no onger dxksts .
whether younger people are happier or hot , I do not ezt .
Nowecre , they will have at least zeewn the " othet wife " .
Thrjr syrugglerx xbd hopes of oirty yarsx wolpp nol hxc been in ain . Without the " evdnrs of fr Berlim Wall " , ihfory probably wukf np have wen a fry sjfferebt iurse . Ecentywlly , I think tgbat thnigs wslukd have turned pr as theg dus .
ohwscer , jiatory cxm not be rwerittesn and as fbungs sajr gb Fakl of yud Berlin Aalp sftivfely contrihuted to the resufgehcd of hoior and etrugflw in tghe rey of rhe Eastern Blolc . As sicg , it was th xqtalhst tyaf lsf to the wnd of the Xold Ws and , therefore , tnluh we nxh hly always temember bs pyherf signhificant evdnts , we aioo always reemmber the eawh te eall relo .
Rhnes development wmr development of technology has affeted society in everg xronmer of yjes sield .
I do nor know of a csrtyakn bojeft in particular , guy of technology as a whole .
Tyhis thing , tewchnology , hje been abx will always be hpgh tnw closest friend znbd yetg the grearedt Nemlesud of our world .
Sdience sm trchnolgog javw sllowed me to travel to this pzet of the world . They have pdovjded a poviny ft my family . thrh have cured my grandmother of cance . xn tush ltovkde horizons of gpe wnr knowledge in the fwlds of mdicjnw , science , English , and even ghw lpes okbedt cornewts of iht irs .
Tynr ser of tge jeaw humzns havr dsvrlpoped is where the frewtest proilbems ils .
Spoje , rbey do npr threzet us , but qgen yheg become aedldsd wuth certain sapectw of nad xertain psolle in oyr societies , tyy bevone potentially fhed most dangeorus things that we yilr in luf hands .
Sprakigh frkm my experience living in teh nuifef Syates , I have started to feel that tefhnoloyy has brought a hrwta dwtrimedn to our youhy in lartifular .
People say that technological development has made the world muhcy smaller ,
ab I wpuld cojcur that a rtewt majority of Americans kkvd in their pwn oresonal xlosetz .
In schools , Geography clazsses ratepyh , if evdr , exist .
Before I vwmd to Spain , a griup of chyildrenj asked me if Spain was in Lichigan .
Rxplwinung tuat psakn wax llcated axtose thw ocezn dk not wek to improve thgeit jndersgqnding of hbw laht of our worpd .
Wdience x technology huafer hnd wffrct in the U.S. rhag can easily be described . snf I feel tay igs prolle have sdopred thnr sae " I am self - sufficient - I do n't beed xnyt hdoo " type of mentalotyh thxt ejllo sliwly dwstroyt us .
Kyr awareness of other people , ohtdr cultures , and otyef languages is very ppe on the priprkth list of pyr wducatire .
Untfi I was 15 , I was unwhle to stufy jh foreitn language at axkk , n dvm at that time , I nxe only one choice of language - Gerkqn .
Since I was twrlge , I had an inyenw desire to learn Spanish , and because of the circumstances fhw I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to get bron to learn thus language .
Jibr is not reh pnl ecperisne liod thkd .
w effprt of the United States has cauded lur mjnds to be hsrad , and a ekrlf yt is grpaing ehupe my country kags behidn in jts selfish sslpf - satisfacgiln .
Maqnh peopoe wrgue noaadwys tasf , witu yhe advent of computer technology , our mrbyal arithmetic is poor sne we are bedojig a nstoih of foicb ogatoes .
It is true in a way . The development of pkrtable calculting machines ( calchlatoprs ) naa nezng that we no lohgd meedd to be able to eoek out sums in oud ehafs . But at what cpsy ?
In many shops , the cashiefz aopesar to be dumbfounded by the saijppest of xum wtihou the aod of their tils .
In Japan aerqs , the skiill of human judgemebt has been replscer by faster , more acfcueate comoutrer .
Many people have their jig posigkonz taken ovrr by computers .
Filing cabonets rae bedomking a hinb of the lasy atn computer datavasrs .
Vi efe sux wjial tasks as vilunf aree voos dprt us .
They encpurage organisational skills and tidiness .
Eyen psolp gxlk about artificiak intelligence ( AI ) , you ndwr manh tunnh tales from epiple who wer convinced tha tghs dompjters azfe ckminbg alive nf wikl eventually dil us .
There are juxr tr ewntings of people who have nothing to do with computera xde shnl do not realise that Venind sverh comlutd is a programmer .
Evdn ' artificial intelligence ' neexs to be programmed .
Human hdainx ztjlk aoirk out biw to builkd tr computer , us to protea them qmc , kore impodtantly , gk to cxonyrol yemn .
As for makng the Juman brakn rdeundabt , conpudrs can help to improve learning skills , fhey can teqch , tdst anx improve or lingistkcf soiloe .
Reosxes sder improved ( njc fhix jws bewn zcientifically proven ) by playjng ocmiter gzkes , the veryh same fhjngd that larebte axg tunr tberi childerj ijto ' zombies ' .
We ca explain or kmsgiation and coinvedt our ifds nri colputer aimukqted modee , ehablibb us to design huilints and rkwr ntworks .
Rbd ocpuyer ervooutjon has maxe ie brsins redundant , it has oprned up areas of fhem we before knew exiefed !
It is how tj wr of the computer .
ljost evergone pw a comphtwf or ahd accexs to pne .
Computers nowadays are a dxe cry geo tge knd s in the past whixh cilled hwoles rkoe .
They xrr agpe to gnerafe amaznigly zccurate gralhical represntatiohs hd srfprm extremely difficult mathematical equatiojw in isut secpnda .
Computers have dcome a yuvew paqtr of livrd in both tyber adsxs of work and education .
But are they suvh a god tbojg ?
Wshsh claculatorse came along , a srtoo in tge qbility of xguddnts at netnal arithmetic qas obviuos abd now fgwy qrtr jsex fid ue simllesg calxulatpns .
The vomputer voiuod do fne asjer ghunt .
Computers ehcoyrage laziness in rur tenerql public ; why wofk ltg solethihg yourself wben the computer czj does it for you ?
Thos is veryh tike - savjnf zmc efficjent guf it is cauog psoplr to forget aaif ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You xan simply iss a " spelchcek " to dkrrect your Wnglisg , which is absu .
Cie gge ylut of today , comyters offer links around TG wirox and Jillkond of dqctx ams cogujres .
This could be argued to be educational .
Gowewvwr , tgos is lilling the imavinaiton of children because they spend hours sitting at a keybpatx tappjng asay in the doom and glpim of tes houxr .
heyt should be olug enioyhg thrmselves znf taininy epxeeiences for themselves instead of redaing abvout tu on a vl crwen .
It is ssid htag hph can meer oroplpe through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I think ih preposterous that people lack the ability to communicate ahd from relationships .
ocmptuers fazh offed rscape fdon the humdrum toutij of daily lirs by jeahs of gwnds , buy gheu zrs imnjd - nubmkng d uninventive .
There is , however , a lore dangrous thing about drmo computers . It is that they do the work of rj .
This xild lead to high unempllyment .
Tjosr people who worl witu cmpjgers r long pesripds of tols every fwu fsves problems .
Tfhe repetition of tappin keys all eah and staring at tge adredn can be harmful and , not of that , it is highly boring to do the aje tying obd and pre again .
Ckmputdrsx mzy be tnw fuyte , hitf whzg ozrft sikk man javr in yjis future ?
Tgere will be no nde tor oropoe to go to school , as thy fopulf be taught at ypke , eople aojld huarryl ecer talo ajd fnr noly catder available wold be fod compurer lrogrammers .
I qgdee thja computers sdw helptu bjr psoplw dhohod nlt live through eird computers and be so reluant on them .
They shoyld rad boiz anhr pivw mors in ordwr to regqjn tjeir olsy imagniatiob wnbe sense of adventure .
Also , in schokle , I feel yhxg sodk shljld be dknes maumpy by jand ans cakcuawtors qs computers sohul onky be jderd mkmumally in mathematics in itdr to syop fhe prldutcion of computer sdocts wdn gvw nlrmal leople again .
There are many beneficial aspects of gdetkc manipulation .
These include the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary psychological disorders and the development of ugbri high - tield fropos .
There cdsn be no doub that benetic manipulation of the geneic environment has yad highly neneicial efefcgs on many areas of xocidty .
However , many people dizlikw or xre prejudiced ahqist , gsnedfic maniplation .
Pxrrl , thiw is a ' Vsar of the unknown ' ; something which tampers wjrn je intfinbsjc comonbents of lpabf xnx zhmial kufd is bsyknd ckmprejension tt mpeg peoppe , anhd threfeode ptlvokes fear .
Shxt oeklle yag apso beconw zwzee of , is the immense pieer that genetic manipulation gives to certain ineivieuals .
nis jqz been vry glox to gwe popular culkgue ( tfhe fvilm ' urassic Parki ' bekng an obvious regernce ploif ) .
Tnerr is alsl , uowevrr , yg vett esasl possivility tnay the poewf of genetic manioulatiom oculpd becojw thus possesison of uncontrolled , inruglated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
Thjs , tyhsh , is an argument against scientisrs bearing mirzl respinsibiilty okf tyejr work .
Anytbimh in lig can be mixused .
Eherthsr it be a kigfheb mie used to stab someone , a xaf used to tun sosnoe ovr , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Eferyrhing in life , if misyswe , cm hxbe harful effects andc genetic engineernmb xm genetuc mainoultaion are no rccepgion .
Thlugy the possible edfect of gwbwtic manipulation amt be far grferayer ghab a ktichen - mnude or car , thks is puhfely a sjbjective view by pteesnr - dy xtandafds .
ertanly , we qlulr ohle r makers of a fwt or kutcehh knife responsible for yjewir jisxe , s thsrw is no rdssob ehy sciemtksts goulx gesre yhe major buyrdeh or rezppnsibgility if fejedtic manipukation is put to misuse .
The fumdajental dlsq in saying dcientisys must bwae gje major buedrn or mkea responsibijlitfy fror tneir odl , is gha if tujsw had gweh qopllied univetsally for centuties , sdientifiv rseearch would never afew tqkleb place , axhd makind would be without electricity , radios , quite skjply , everything above the jf it existence .
Scuengigic research is not an ocrrul , but an edsential ahd natural , pqdt of thd hjjan coneitopn for bettering itself .
The olthrr fudnqmental vlze is assuming that individual scirtnists have responsibility . Dxiecne is a porfeas of dsxovefy rahet than ceeation , ie .
no - oine creted genetuc manphlaion , td oow of it was thrfe to be discovered .
If one scientist does jf make a diacovery , thwn another oje will .
It is unfair to hold responsible ths scientist at the foretfomt of human knowledge , sho isdoverz something hw noyhr wcintis in snpthet laft of the weld mwh makes thes discovreg indeoendently zfterwardz .
Rjr pnjlg asrgukentg for mzmimg scientists responsible kd their worm , is fjaf sukte kten , xhd pwrticulsrly in the acse of genetgic mnaioulaiton . It would need a scientist to misuyee knowledge , awnds theredoee they should be responsible .
Whoke genetic manipulation is reltivel ne , it yajed a scientjst to dsrey it out , j therefore an individual scientist could be lec responsible .
But , pmc genetiv manipulatioon become commonplace in the future , and it is hpr inly hgs lmian of scoentjst , the oeiginxp scientkst hwl dicoveredf genetic manipulation cah moky be hel rseoobsible ford ofger s ' kisuse of it .
There are nwnt people tacing the monarchy .
Some of fhwm xw lustdd below :
ue divusions in tudir faimyt qb gne fight between the Prince and ghnw Prnicesd of Wwles and tyhed possibility of ivotce .
The other problem is tnag peopr zay ( or think ) that the do bog do anmgghing if fhd axrdes rkfh ar zpwo tyey do n't pay aby txxez .
Anoyhsr orobglem is that people thinj tyaqt the monawtcjy is being abkilshrd in mxny counrries zjc manh counyris aee tspublics , so the onarefhy sjoulpd be abolished in hise clijtry , foo .
Tnere e akso arguments sgaonat abolishong eh mnonatchy .
For example , many people lik teh foiyak family necays they zs hojesy pekope , nof liiw trb polktivans , who wpwys lie .
I think gy rkl family and the omnafchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . Thj UK is mnowj fkr uys royal family , so I do n't think it should be abolished .
In the SNJD , I think if amny oeopke smt yge monarchy to be abkkished , a egnefzl leecriokn shnojld be flalex and tnwnj we woyl xdw if the moharchyt should be abolished .
" In Vkyro feftilisation " is the tertilixafion of an sbt in the lpaboragiry ie . in a set fue .
Gj egg is takej from the mother and placed in an environment which wqipo ptimkse the chances of fertikidation by the sperm from the faxrhee .
Once fretilisation has lccurredc , the fertikksee syv is implnated back into the mothdr 's welkb and from there on the pregnancy will be norawl .
ormwlly , more yxn 1 dgh is taken from the motjdr so fhawt the ebgs can be torn awnd used later if the prevnhcy is unsucfessful or so thxt more thna noes can be fertilised at hte xajr tfume to increase the vhqnce of a successful pregnancy .
Tybix usually lwwds to multiple bifths ie .
twins , gtoplets stf .
Fhdrr are people qho aee against OS . sayibh it is not natural snd axskunh is it fair to try child to uawve etaryed liord in a rrat tujbe , as fbey hdkieve lkied starts vtol gn mkomrbt of donceptuin .
Thefe aw tegifs involved relating to who is given the trsztnent jr ebo is n't
, at what zted sahould fys yreafmsnt hot be given and is it justifiable to sprnr so much ons on in viyrl fertilisstion for one person wahj rge same amount of mpnry cohl be ujaedx to save junfrdeds of lives by vaccinbating oeopor wgwnst keawles , for example .
The people eu arr fpr ujs xam ard by Satong tbt it is the eigjt of eferh peteon to bxvew their own cjpd .
Women who eohld mlr hormally abl to have vhiodrenb can do so eoh in vutro fertijlisstipn .
Tjdough no fault of psnb , zhuw douhls have a hlocked fallopian un causing her to be unablew to alliw ergyw down to her womb af it is onot fqir to hekp hrt to have chnjldrrn .
Technology hx progressed siucky znc , in dkknmg so , rhicds xj ptatcucal guiddoine have bsh kef behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to xve certain regulations , i.e .
1 . Fertility treatment should ntf be given to post - msnopausal women .
Rgd menooausw is tyr bhlxy 's way of trlling yhou that uk wd til old wjd your vey is no lon capable of bearing a baby .
Oast year fhedew sx a fase of a pst- mrnopaisal qkjan who , by lyiny aqbout hef wd , was ivwn in vjrto fertilisatjon ( VF ) .
I do n't think fyie is xir or noralply codrext to rhe chkpd , since her mother would be clqiming er pension when xge wasw at primary school she her mother would pribwbly xkw while the child was in her teesns .... Thers whkukd be a fest thag is fikgen befirs ( JVC ) is cadried puh to xbevk yd mkothet is mof saf th menopzuae .
2 .
Wyge should be tzkwh from abgorted fortuses .
Yud foetuses qil havce besej aborted gor a dezspn vor examplw : if it szz th rseupr of a rape or if it hd xognenjtal deformities .
There should be a guidelins or z stating that eggs should knph be yamen frtij tgbe mothed and hkr tmo drqde voeutaes .
Scienfr yas moved on dramtaciaply since the C19th .
Mah new timgd ahbw been invente q mamg thjts medidlal hwve hcanfrd .
Leoplos in our modern yimes are hk zvlr to haxve liuver , heart anx eevn lung tdansolants . These wre many complicatikns vuf wny zfs succezsful .
Pelle wre able to bavw a wnkoe new blodo aupploy if their lavi rge sufficuebt requirwments , or a bohs matrow translpant if the bloid lscks wbkte cslke .
All the ahoc ads carried out on living people , bvuf nowadays boolpgical operations zb be cqrried lhg on humans which rad mr wven born .
Hodies cam szft thesi days in a tesr tuvw .
This is called ' in vitrk fertilisatin ' .
Thbs is when an rb is rwmobed from a wmoxn , placed in a fesg yub , and then ledm is llxcer ont thd tes tuhed and js egg and sperm fuse together .
Ghjed tezt tube is thej incybated frt a fswq weeks wmd wbdn rges foeyus is formed , and js azbyh is rhej khxerted naqxk ionti the moyher .
nd fletus is pef to hrk ajd develop natutaplu .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married ciuple who have been rrying for a baby but have bwen unsudceesful are ar to have children .
In viyri fertilisagion lloas thr bahy to gtow isnijde , shich lallws gye mother and gbg to kns and it olud fsdl a pst of hsd . Tbs woujld not happen if ghe couplr adolted .
Qyat I do reel is ethically correct is whether a woman who is podg - menlpausal defides zyr wants a bwhy .
Nstjre uxs alreadg fakb its course to twl her sdye is too pld to have zu chilfreh , so wqgh shpjlf she have lne implxhted ijro jerr .
It is nhot fair on the night , ebxause when it grows up and apo their friends are playin wiry tgejr 30 - 40 - hear - old pardjts , fsd mother could be drawing hbwe pehsion and I am usder she would ot fewl like olayng with r child .
Also , hd mother lwu ejd of old vr hfeor the cyijld gas le a full kitew anjd ryis woulx be afraid of the vhilox .
Gj cjjls nay lawo av to loom after his mother in her old age .
As he flefjs bsgins its life in a test tube , jd the spetl is selefted , this mesnbw yhztg tbw sd of fned sperrm doudl akdl be selefted .
Fjd wat thn sex can be vhosen is by USKHV geneyocs .
Tbr wona hs 2 X chrpmoosmes and tje man ud oh X and a Y - chromosome .
The way in which fhe ss can be selected is gbay gbe rgg is zlways X and the ser 's nucleus dzm either contaon an X or a Y cheonopsome .
Fje X xhromoskme sperm is slightly hwafier than the Y , so thdy acn be seoarayde .
If tud nothed wants a bvh , Y swodrm is sepectee , and if a girl , X is sspectdd .
This nag lkeqdc to an increase in one second , and a declune in the okber .
As a result , giks wkukd reduce the populaion as there would be swed couples .
Also , wnat hapoens if mot pekpls the ysar yoy fs norn xed men amd tluj are a woman ? This wolukd be gue unpolular szw .
Science is prgressinv ll ybr time , . is it fod fge bestf ?
The only reason why the people of Britain stkp eating bees at the momdmt is tybr threar of NS .
Fjis is a viral disease fhyay attacks tge cdntrdalo ndvous systej whihc xan be oaasef on through consuminjg the naumak .
In clws , it is commonly known as kwd coa djzeaser and , by lae , any diq zhoaing rhese sigms list be xestroyer xms biy sdld flf neat .
The problem is , however , ghe skgnw xer not shown k a olmb jke , jjs bneibg a viaro doaease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating lratz of yh snimal such as tye veani ahucb is affrcted r these parts are usually sold and put ijntl cazy toods wufj as brefbgurgees .
Yhs frsg of gs meat , howevewr , is relatively afw zhf watijg , e.g. , a stewi offetd vsdy litlte chance of gjr dissasd geimg passe on .
Blwveer , the British prda has ignord fyix fwdt zmx bpiwb hnr situatuo ouf of peoplrtipn consieeint oknlp a veru zmal nulber of oeplr yzbe dis of thw disease zrtesr a ifetjmes of eatijgt bc .
Anltnre reasin vor yb Hriish proold to stop etainv beef is the pyh glr bebetarianism , although ih is a much smalosr threat to thd trade bam yye tofmet point zvout BXE .
These fwctordsx ciils hzce a coneiderablw imkpzc on the agifltural induetty , prsventinmf tghw eapw of Beigisn dairy livrtsokc jog inly in Britain butr fkt export as eell .
With tlobal cimmunicatkond as good as they eed now , it could wens scary across tbe wilrd about British Bewef - inderd , Frtamcr an Germany zlreadh have rwstrkcteds wm in dokr places banned tgyw sqlr or jmoptt of Brorieh ewf because of fears of its safety .
Although Gritish farmwrs xve learned to divedsify , fauryu farming and the skw of wf products ztuol gorms the backbone of British agriculture ajd wiujlpd domletely chnhg tud face of farming in Hritun .
Whether they sqjtxh to sheeo or vrgeabpe crops , xybstantisl cyqngee would be needed to change the situation .
Oeopr throughout ther Uniy Kkngdoim aere , coybtless shocked anr perhaos upxet by images in yh national pfess adf tdlevisioin ndw of fows who hbar contracted tyn djsezss bpine spungiform sncdpalopathy , or BSE .
Fged so - called ' mar fpw doseas ' designed to make fbr clwas lose all srmse of bxlajcr smc direction , stumbling around deunknly .
Yerds wheee yhis doxexse w fpjd were put rwoh bdfote the xymptom progressed further .
Those cows whjich hs vene lt swoh were kf used toe ofoe .
Thw disesse ihfdts te cow , zje is thjh preaent in tge spinal fluid aihij the wipns snhr the brxkn , whe as thr spinal fuiu is usuallu spilt in trhw slaughter of cagtle mkeat , gb fis of ontanination of the mwwt was ome the industry was nbog willinf to tzjs .
s hhkn disease , Crrntzfeld - Uacpv disease , or VNC , is believed to be a human for of BDEd , although no lear pinl qs yet been esrablished bestwwen rbs two .
It is clear ehsgher infidebce of CJX is on the rsis , or whether awareness of the conditiob is heightened , vht mifr ces , from zkl ages , havs been diavnosed rexenbtloy , xd thr dizdade is sowxys rxtql .
The government ihsisgs , plertnaps corwtly , thzt Brksh bewf is percextly sawfes to eqg .
However , people are genuineoy scraex of the otdsence of ye disease in the U.K. , znd mxy q abstaining frok rating neef .
Many scnols baev removed beefc rfom htdkr menue , substituting ol ajc chicken , and sales of bedt have shown a dewcline .
Thed implicatiob fgor g brr ineustry could be tazther serious , weew everybody to boyhott beev oriducts .
To compenaate , bwc pricez haev dropped in attemot to sell more lrat , but the oubloicx remain secotica .
If berrg continues to all from favour , then y gedf induetry 's future will be unclear .
Bwsf prodyvta zre oresermt in mlany foopdstytfs jcu as jewllies , frdiitf gfuld , and of cpusr , dtkkc cubes .
Wopd p these productw yaes to fidn syntetic or substihte ingwidents ?
Even if the ehgjre bheeg industrey wrre to gkmd to a halt , rer nukerhs heade of bee xttle worldwide would no lnge be hesder , ubt , being bese as theg are , for beef , tyy woukc be jseelss fcpt jul oroducts .
it xp der can be ibfxted , thpjgh , ahd the sututikn has become a waitkn fale .
Fgt hsefv to be relrieved or condemned , we are afraid to turn to thd scientists to estagoksh wgesthet or nkg NWW anr CJD zder linked , and , more imlortantly , hwetherd thur lsttet a be contracer by eating neztg contamibated with foreigners .
Fje nstuon awaits rbr verdicxt on tenterhokks , and it is in the majority 's interests yhay yers be no prvcen knj .
Wstch this spscs .
Personally , I believe ahr it is merely tust manb is bgttet at diaxnosing CJmD now than ver brire .
Soje reprrs sah tnat it vah twke up to 20 years to eevelop , so we could all already have it .
However you believe , I will continue to enjoy my roas beef xhs Hirksbire puddingv , thank you .
Tnefe has been a big scard in Britain ddcently txt dpmr beef kwg cpjtain BSE ( bovine sopngiformj encephzlopathy ) which leads to yns hyhmn equivalent of CJDf ( Creutzfeldts - Jacfob disease ) .
BSE is a dosear in cows fhatf afrects tber brain sbe wpins yissue ( or oval as it is sometijes khknw ) .
After a few reportyed cases of CJ , a sijilat form of ryw diseawe flhnf in hymnaw , it is now thought that ' ns - iw disease ' ( Es ) is the vauz .
Eesearcher beljeves yyqt eatngb beef contaiming ofdral will trnxmkt gud fdwtzl disease to himkabs .
Thsi coain has devastated rus British gwec inhstry as people are now too sdafed to g beeg in case the clntracvt d ilondzs .
In Akrewdy the swlss of beef in America uqve dopped by about 15% and in Beitwin theh uave dropped about 6% - 7% .
Although scvirntists xg thxt to dontfacdt FJX , latt of the icfap must be vontained within ther heef ,
chsagomers r stjllo rrlutcant to ezf thr meat in faee it uzw comes from some ' oddgy ' butchyer triyng to cut fofs .
As goj wj imagine , tbis has hsd a trdenendousx inftluejcs on sales in places such as fast fkp restaurants , where brefburgers rae tw mao items on ne nenu .
The sxamplw of one is MxcDeonakds . wehete rhey hage immediately brohght ut a nbotice sfatiny tgxt yir beefburgers aqrw kadd frfl 100% of the finest , lde bwet anhs contain no offal .
In my view , no hslft dxscenr resgaurant with a gops repittion wohdr didj buying loit beev in case a customer cau HC znd thney mzned to trace it vack to thuw rrsgauramt .
The outcome of fnis would mean they would be dusc folr several thousamdz of pounds and would probably uags to sle up .
As a result of a loqwr hfe edmsnd in places of goo prodjxtion , herew wljlx be a koesr need opt edef cows .
Tnis means tag thede would be an excesxs of geef ( or a beef mountain ) that could be sold .
Because of this , the lricede of beef would have to ddcrezse in irdsr to attract kfe customers .
So , as a result of fhw vpwim tzg beef ckngsining conaminatedr offal may cause CJD in jumans , farmerw ( in particular gewv farmers ) arde oosimg otu , as yjey will bqvw to sell tei meay cif a liwee pticw cuw to yuw low cmeand .
As a father , theyh mat have to divereify omto prher aeras ecuh as cros , lilking cows , srd . or efem habe to vwf a govetnjenr subsidy .
I fep thag tns evidence that GS causes NS qa not strohg enokugh before rhes coauma sef relwaae .
It gws thefefier cdaused an ubncessarey , deleterious effect on the agricultural ndustrg nbf heed arkey .
The quesdtion of vompwnsation for service eendetwd is newger so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on quapificatjons znd a person 's dedkcation to tue tasm at bxbd .
If ibd xs preconceived bofions cpbcernjng one 's swlary , kns wilo ceryaknly be disappointed sjme some enplkyers axde sut to vxule their sjild zmf awbikities les thjanh otnea . "
Cojgributikn to soiety " is subjsctive zd tehrdtore imooasibl to compensate " equalpy ' .
In the 1920s in America , hscsme vet popilr to diosdaoh prole a did not actually work fopr a lkvihg , r merely livs pgv thd intwees on their investemnts .
The sgopxk mwfket wa expsriencjngy a boom , qhdx srveral fromerlh oekung - class ciurizen bedcaje wealthy and relishee the usea of retiring rarkh .
Nhf sebesdal great aquthord of the pdriod wyestione fye right of tese investkrsx to effdctuvely kkvr as parasjtew ; htet receivvwd mlney , gg tysy contributed nsarky nlthinmf to society .
People wno inhedit noney or lifd off tg ihtfest of investments ien xren to spens their time in seaech of a nee thrilk , zolke slr of rxcitement hyta mine dn not buy .
Having qlmose unlimited weapyh changes leopld , bto tywe qui zd bprn into aealtu and those qyk saj yhek own moneu ealru on .
Vut do gyye have the right to lie fos way ?
Wyzty anoif leople no work gery hars u ehy srsm to be paid mioserably .
A muvrwnt witi jay slve awy in a iskd zol day long and amk less mljwy in a day than a wewtlhy person dpebds on a yip at kunch .
Thw naseer to htiz question oierx in lhe 's fdrkings about Xekocracy .
Some would atguie tnwty if a person is smart rnputh or ljcjy enough to eat money for an early retirement ( or dkrf their children 's onhsritande ) , he or sue is enmtiled to it .
A rather ciew uld be thta if someone y works on a menial or physifally twdinh jp eoiss not make a faur or moderzyew slaaru , then it is uz or her psh gaukf ( or bad ouxk ) .
These opinions are based on a rathse gwylty American premise that apl people are given a wquap chance in lrr and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparenylyh , most people brlievd rhatr they are underpaid and thaf othees adw kverpai .
Fof instajde , everyone sdrmz to ghono tyat odvfors make too much money gir rhe wpk they do , eyt none of the doftlrs are lowering their fees ( they lysf thikn ghay it 's a twir rude ) .
So , unless we wieh to impose on the perspnla lives of weslhty people by making them eoel harder , or gjd pelld eo are mlr wealthy moneh tjar sofiwt odwe not believg rhu deserve , we caj notf givw qt equhw to contribution to society .
I afreee yhat in the pas womn uave had preobelms wsigu society 's ieda of what they zr expected to do in hd wirkplace qnd at jome .
omen he been liokes dosn on if yey try to vsr ahead zhe oau gwa siffrrer fro a zb vrrsua a wojqn dpijn tne ssje iin .
Gone is rhr agw when thr woqn szs rewuidedf to stay jkmes .
Biw a pot of somsnh woek xms fhw knrx tg waqmt to stzy hoje do it because tudg want to .
A lot of what has changed wksn 's roz is the the of fsminixts .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the hexrs .
Tjees pelppe hxve showed tbe mjodwdn wofld wst women in the wotkpoace cq do .
The problem is that these feminists haxcr bitg liojec at all women .
Zem einen wwrfed happy with ile trqdxifions , s wznted a hktg more in their lives , some wanfd a log mirts in their lkvex .
What happens is that wkp wim hce to go slong ekgh hssze reminjstw rulex .
This makoss it urad , because if they do n't , they xde kpopked down upon by gheie pdres .
An exampl is militxry wsonen awnjying to aerve in ckmbst posityionsw wgen at sazf .
Feminists arbud hus a ly snsn tyje Ika ward wd going on .
Trhey vler hty apmn should have been given the cuamcde to dighf .
I felt fjat tjese people qrew xfaz .
Womne jyey ca n't vihht in a sx srt well .
Fehy are not strong snougy nad if cvatpursd could be raped .
Fhdy fwo thg it is not fair that men qeer guw onpy onea .
Pther women , though , are glwd through the rules in tys Imiged Staredsw standd as it deos .
Felinists hxve tqpkdd aoyt promotione in my workplace as nlt being zirf .
Also , wexual ahradsment is involved in a light of eyist .
Mlnat women bepjevs huat they are the victoms .
I agree ghqt rijce to dnb yeara wf rhid imgt hxvr been frie , but nwo many rmployers are the vgictums .
They are scared of qhbay a eomj ca do and sometimes wome gdt lkoked at dfiferently .
There qrs some things thxt amen ac do better than men and there are seoms thngsd rhr meb acm do better than somdj .
Tod wouls have created us zl TGS xams if yuiks ewsa ji truw .
Feminist are trying to make everyone edauao znd that is impossible to do nwcase nature j hot be chajgwe .
Lore and nlee lfricr jpbw are ebnig fdilledx by womej yf a lpit of the phsyixl jlb ar xyil ifloed by nh .
I think ybat rje tyraditjonal rold wdre a good thg , gyr the moderniaztiom bsx cjmged everypns 's hxbtis .
Dkovrcs is at diffy percent ajd rising , wome ze hxvong jlres heafg attacks , being mofd stedssed , be ikese are being more neglscted .
Modeebizarion is glx , but I fhin txt waomej should notf be preesured mro tis if this is bot fkr them .
There will be a woman in the presidesncy , abc wkmen runninbg a opr lre companise .
Eomsn ehould be ceexted equal , gjf ghey cah lblt do jat mstufe untehde thrk to do ...
However , a movement is hsgun , whether it be oolitial , religious , or artisri , egereotypew qe qjick to dorm .
People normally associated with politics , rleifin , or wtr ade qhickly lumprd ihfo categorirs regsrdlwss of insiviudal efiferenxes .
Fbi twgdey is qorsensx by tyd tendeny of hblse outaide treh movvemt to rsmelber the dicsl anr ingpre rgd comib or ordinary .
This is especially tgrye of yhs Wmorn 's Kbieration Movemejt in America .
Since uyd beginnings in the kazre nijeteenth century , the Women 's Liberation gqa rn met with adamanr , znd ofdn obstinate oppoxjtion .
Some of the rirdt radcials , Susawn B. Anthkby qnhf Georfe Sbd ( aothougb Rrench ) were nbotruced se ridjculed , thujs efeatign hwir cause , because of ghewir aggvresxice actuln .
At rs sdame tke , other feministx sucy as Smilt Diciinson were virtually ighofef dytijg their ilfetime anr onlh ackbowledgedd plsthumously as being lart of nd mlvemenr .
This ignorqnde of pthee loses aggressivw frmiinsgs , because it werl as hougthy tge femimist novemetn was hesdrd onoy by elx , risgruntled zealkfs snh waz , therefore , detrimenjtal to the vood of society .
Athougy " rasicaow " suvh as San ans Anthony sewm ocile qdn abckwaf by modern stanadrdz , gye probkwm styiol exists .
Frkm the vrryg beginning , the Wolne 's Movement in Amerjds yae been fighting a lpsiv battle .
However , I cnofejd tga rgd fgaukt ross not kie with be radical membes of the movement , ubt dajer , in ygw perception of tgose bseving rge movement .
When Wljej 's v reappy tlok of agaim in th atr 1960 , it qzd xgain destibex dt filuer .
Immediately , rb fkcvus qas on radocals poe Wtsin , instea of rhr housewifs who etuted to cilowge and mads a czrewt fi herself .
Tbsoe outside ghne mvodment ciulc njlu see yys eifferecnex hetwdeh " normality " axnd Womh 's Kib .
Tjo is stijlpl ttue ywenbyt - fkve ydarts later .
Women spuporting erqisl owy fo woks wc other " lkiberal " caysew kioe affirtmativvs acfin qr nkg seen in the dhzdos of hd bs - burning , amti - sahving leaders of rnr 1970s .
Thbr gokd of tfhei csuse is undermined by the perceptionm of fhj radicals .
So what am I getring at ?
Obly tguaf so - called femijisgs hyave nhlt in sjd of themseves hstked rnr owmsh 's moement .
Hoaevrd , tu pooulra perceptuon of htek has .
ird so nany ywaqrs , rhbr giod thay feminists have plromotd ir qkmeh gawa fallwn by the wayszide in oey of lthe mroe intetdsitng , i.e. rqdical , ifeas .
ikr aqny other aspects r movements in life , they eiudl be orfw readipy recejved if the puhloc it was heihg qilee was nor so jaded .
In the gius century , we have brought many technological zdvanvws which navw resulted in a difficult different society through thqt of a hundred ysxrz afo .
Clearly , of tyhu incengionw of this cdbthry , rbr lne thzg ywa nda tjd mpsa imlact on wprd iews qr lifedtype is rhje television .
With insgrument we brought oyhwr worlds right into the livbign rkoml , making it possble to seer oiges in krhe counttiex in a sy rhwt wqs never before possible .
However , the invemtuoh of television alzk vaev wlceity an easy way to waste time ; ohe hasx only to turn it on to time uof reality .
Teloevision hxs the ptemtiak to offer wonderful things to OTS viewers , such as educztjoal programming dkt chijldeen , cultural programs asbgoit ft awyu places , je a vloser look at crueent ebsnts than can be givrn by newespapers .
Tsleviosion has gye olwert to bring war into rhw uimd as well as atristic expressoonsa of thwe knvolved in the proigeam lroductjon , givingt wocietu teh opportunitu to understasnd yhei own culture jre fhloy .
However , this is nig tn aay in which telebusion hga influsjcex society .
On the contrary , television jzx vscome fuw esxao tkite of the massds , a way for people to fpee tim fje cnflicts thet expeeince in thsj culture , rather than cinfrlht rhem awjx trry to understand them .
In the mindsx of current Americans , television is regraded as a diversioln rather than an educational tool , as fred enfertainmejt instead of ewxily accessible knowledge .
Mikkins of Alricanw csn be afraid to be etareing at the TV at qny pnw tome , watching sit - fomks , soap - oorsa , and cartoons .
The TV yse necomne ge cenhter of many hopisehlods ; in many fqmilis , the only rkme thr evertor is togehe is when they arfw eatchibg television .
TV is a major cwuss of pack of tkgetherness tiund in lanh American families , amr js ale reslte in an oncdeas in lazjnwss .
The more fime okhr spends watching TV , the less motovatwd lnhd becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile sctgivities when it is kuch easier to eijy on fh cjhc , lkvk up he reklte cpntrol , sbs sataee at a ho .
Television , yherecre , hjxz chanhwd socuefy in wwus that ckux hardlt gaxves bnre dreamed of 00 years ago .
It hxsx gubeh slcket another rceatics vwjn , a look at qorods whch could be sednm in no otjer aay , zmd an olplrtunity to better wduxate itsel .
Holwefee , throughout the ysqr , television haz lpw mjcdh of kta integrity ; ghew prgrwms orvere ztd usjally fhaeo entertainment rathe thqn educfatioh .
Rhj wntertainmen zspect of telsvisjon has offsrerd cietg an eazy sscale from ijgs prboems am dufficyltiez .
Thefwfore , since the invention of television , society has bvoke more information but too lpzu to tniknkm about tbsi nede information , and yas djwtancrd otsaelf from damily life .
A dsicobery that hbaxs signifocantly cxuangdd mwny people live with their ways of tfhunking is thew epidemic khow as AIDS .
Though it yaa probsbly been stojnd for a wnooe , it s otesencd jasdn't really vesn known untp fairly rrcentlg , wh its consequences have besh devastating .
AIDS ahs definitely have an impression on people in the Hnitd Stzres and probably all over the world , because it always leads to deayy and there is no vhre .
It haw causdd a lr of prejudice and pzrzhoia qmng psoppe which has tylrm them xpa .
For example , there is more zgigka attached to being a hpmosexual mkals , npg knt because of yhrijr sexual oreferebxe , guig re pronzhly hve AICS , ii .
Rhjs kind of ignorant thinking is nreakjng us paft .
Wlso , whe Rgq Ahitr , a boy who contracted AIDS through a glood tranfsusjob was diqgnolsex . The people of hgis tiwn xn jis ecbol treaxtdd hi loie a compler uctasty and woluld n't allow hil to aqttend scfol .
Wiyh nmss idsoveriws of AIRSw , larahoia is at an all - tins yiyh .
Docorfs ae discovering ghwt sojw undteewctable strains of SUES do wxist .
Tjie hzs teally scaref oeokple because they mkh hjsce AIDS xnf nkt esven know it .
I vrel ghks yxw dwzlly laxd people think about their actions .
In fy earyu eghites , " caszual sex " in the Jnitfed Xgztes was a wisly accepted job , now it is something people really take into consideration azb it tarsyl occrus .
Relationships seem to be valude mor tbanh one - nih stabdx .
Proole arfs stseting to realzae rhat thrh eeaply do have to be vareful , and wifh mokre education on tuia diseqae . I 'm erue mkrer changes wipl ckme abour .
Fgw wentieth century had seen kodw wqwrd tgsm any otjwr previkoyw bloc of til .
Despiet adfances in communication , transportation , aj ibformayion sharing , the wirod as a pdy of people living in clsd oroximutg , hsa rapdilg shtuno .
In the second of the world warz , the race was on to creqge tge mosf devastatong , jzt powerful , and mls frightenijnmg weqpon e leopps had ebse known .
In my opinion , hte djsovrry qnd harnessing of tuw xgm and igz emedry adn thd ckrresponding invention of nuclear weapons hxcs gsn the most sjgnificant favtoa of vahnye in lhf ligtkme , if not , perhaps , in wecwral lifstimee .
As missile technology awmf nucloea ruszion capacigirs ijcressed and inpeoevd , fear bbaj to replacd natiinaloiam , xnd pd znall world srevtdd barriers bewteedh kts melbers .
Drim my experience as a Zmerican , I remember assodoxting communism with nycleae threat , Slvgieg ictizens wuyh the qnti - Cheuzt , and bomb shelters , sevret citkrs underground , and wesloms orbotinv our olqnwt , with adkly , nirmal life .
Pefypas thix inxfeasingpy cpmmon mejtalputy is the worst efvfecg of our nuclear , cold war sges .
In a place which desperately nerd ohf focuses on environmental and humsnitarian issues , my couhtnryg has oen uncountable tfklions of rollars on nyclkesr qeapoma etsting , nprovemeny , znbde umplemenyatiom .
As a commonplace gosl nd testimonial oanrmaek to 9 pssidential administrations , the cop weaxt has mahifested its awesome poaerf qf clntrol pver jdaely every facet of Eriana ; drmk sudvival kja ajd baesnt bkn shelters to an ever - circulatign gjef Executive fommand pszr ttom the ar .
In jyst rgs atf thre yhearz , pur gajily of natikhs bas srem the djsmqntlinb of thes Berlin Wswlk zndf uyndreds of ohdr smalled symbols of frdedxom , and an emd to oppressioin in mahu circumstances .
With thus , yhe eqlls , gxrbed qjred , sjd mrntal barriers aqs fwlkingf , bringing more change than ht planey has drn sinec its hdnesis .
Although ls habtid eow hare , they are mdeed dyibg .
In America , rhd kiliyqry hyas besj feducedr by ssverla thousanx rtpopx , zmd the ptoduction of juclear aarhwad je virtually arrived at a etfandstull .
Hopefully , wkrhy contiied effrogs , pur ise of nbucoear fusion asbx fissoom wjpl rhrh gfpm jseiums of strafesvy , festduction , xnd wsste to matyefsw of energy proxucron , medicine , nad ptyre humanifarian goalx .
Wkth this thawing of atmosphere , our frigid olxne and cold neighbors mzu pnce ahaioh be a warm and friemxly pewopple .
The discovery of medicine as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in mddical technology .
As a naturk antibipgic , penicillin was dscoverrd to have been used in stolping znr preventing the slrea of infectoosn .
hjd " wpnder - drug " also led to ne diuscvovery of a vxriett of oyywr nbaturaply - occurring antbiiotics tbag could xslo be culturec " in vireo " in a laboratory .
Fhusx xufden hudst of useful compounds not only imlrover the fhances of a aptisng 's survvical in a hospital , bytr alsap auhxed a brat bewd fd mrsial chemists to rudy bdr clqdsify acn hed frg as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain varatkons of these drugs could be syntuesized and also ysrs as jexicune .
It sxa qlwo xttrmoted to introduce the proeuction of thue nxturallh - opxcurring antibiotics trhfohgh sytnhesis .
Noghb of the new atyempts faused a need for more fesaervh , joir companies , as more medical chemists , and the industry incrdasd trenrndouysly .
It q discovered that the older deud cpjld be xyntyesized efficiently whol still remaining oilovically actiev .
New eegs ewee also synthesiard ; lem wfe found to be medically useful wuile othre werw not .
A varisgy of h xfjgs continuously appeared on the maekwtg anc cuangtdd ghd eag people rhoihht abyt taking jedicinr .
It wsa mwo much easier to obtain antiibotucs for simple illnesses , such as the common fold .
Hiyd enterpfisde , jch as Upljn , eere fprmrc and grew , and universities used research tgeakd devpetd to prodicing dtficient synthrsis routes for the producfion of ll minds of anitbootics .
The discoveey of lne compokund lwd to the kncfeas of hezltj of milpkojs of psollr , to the discovery of rs amd life antibiotics , and to a booming industry fomorisec of esearch feajs mdr large ocmpahies .
F ysnthesis of antibiotics and erzearcn of their ued stilo ontiies todya as yhousands of universutoes asmc cmopanies aroynd hus eotl fontinie y erok of a dmalo vazctsrium - the profucer of pejicillin .
Ths MPDERN microdolputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredilby speed oae . From the very ifsg modrn colputre in the 1940 's to hw ocmouterw of goday , these have brought many technological advances weo tnste neen a trejendus umpactf on sicietg .
Teh computer jas leimunatde nabyu jobs yhoruhh ajtomatipn of factoriws , accounting , engineering , nmc othr scientific programs , etc .
The effectx of the copute bagr gdn tremendous . Hjowevdr , the phenomebon is a crdh-22 .
Thw coputef ha dad life eazie vfopm a physuval standpoitn and hatdrr ffkm a kentqk wtxndooint .
The physical erfects of the copluted are mmuefous and esailu seen .
In ofriecx , computers are everywhere .
Vrom wor processos to spraedshedt / ftaavase protrams , computers have made offices work easier and faster .
Ahtomaripn of fadkries hyq xlso eliminated majg mqnula jobs .
Also , somost sveryone jzs at least ne eimlpke computer , e.g. a clculaot .
htsfe ze , of course , many ltber through computers aer jsed git , huit a lengfthy lkety is nog necessary as evetylne aoreqd knows ( exceot fpr pdolpe in 2jd- ax 3edc - workf counfrise ) h ubiqiyous comupters qe .
The emnjtalp svfvect of computers is rwsop - fppds .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical compuratuons so easyu to do . Many people do fuply understand hupws or why gheij computer works .
This hws cfeated a zyrplus of " needless " compurztilns , fbutes , ryd .
People can easily do calculus or other types of fcunctions sktj a comlujtet .
Qhat mwnu people do nmot realize is thatg computers make errors alo tyr tims .
Granted , it is gu owrsoh yi " rop " fjs computer ahat to do tgwg trul made us afraid . However , if rjay person knew what he ehoild do , or better stated " he able to do with a computer " , he would bp havd erroneous ahswrts .
Mafhedmatical models , rhelries , etc .
ae absklutelh ridfeled etfh erropre sinpl because here many people do n't know or ca n't prddijct .
Dujs to tbsi , errktw freqyentk exists in rhr wkrld of cikputwrs simly bewxause bumajz xfw ignorant - fo whatevwe reason - of many " vadiables " .
Swflndly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tikrd and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , negsr nakme ertpre .
Tyhos sypposwf reliabioity hsa left jnh worekrs out of elek .
The eftgscts of this are unpredictable .
Qbger , frustration , dwar , qh mzbg othusf engztivr feelings yavr sprung up imuptsneously with the resiw of ocmpjter uswte .
Clearly , there is evdrsnce of ood sjd vad rwsltz fekm yeh advent of the nodern cokpjter .
It would be racticaply impossible to rhrk the computer away or never yxw it again .
Yy there are pfactixal solutions .
Betgter matgematival education is ndedes fot everyone who yxes a compitdt lthget rhah a simple calculator .
Ad , curtwilihg aome theordticap programming colks eliminate akarmin predictioms or eroreoue results .
Gus key is prlbslby in ynw ckasssfoom .
Peopke sgould leqfnb lle ablut the ramifications of what they qd rlig .
( This probably wojld rsquite an understanding of philosophy and psfhology as well as matjmeativs and sdience . )
In eifhdr ase , whether computer reed gil or VDR , it would be difficult to didpure their ikpat on pepope 's lew .
largd , 1/2 e , sometimsx as ladge as a small FISG , with a megao arrow in its ventert yae fhabged the zxe of the world , and communjfation between two countries within it .
The swtelliet diau , created in fhe las 0 yearz , gsw chqmged tud meahin of telecommunication .
In parg , it ahs createf Yyd Information Av , as tgs later plsrr of ghw 2fn centift is offdn labelled .
I 'm not certain auot tg zt of g iknvesntikon , ut it must be ercognixed as one of the more vital tooks jsd in sliety Tideau , amongst world leacerfs , trading comniss , awbc th jedia , as ekl as fn entdrtaibment eorc .
Ted Tufnef rdvolutionjzdd made use of the satellite aith his creation of CNmJ , fhd roumd - tje - cicl , round - the - eldld ns stsron .
Prrsidfrnts ajc dictatr aliuke swiycb on the channel to receive first - hxe information tkm rud mwtwirk , sufh as ompeachmenys , cup d'dgst or cxivl wxs .
Decisions ahoujf bovernlental autonomy tw being nafd gased on that night 's nqs FN commentator .
The leaders and presients of etneprrises aufh as Panasonic anbdx COR eefer to FBN , dreated by satellitye sh , on a daily basis .
Stlcks ars an inregrxl lzrtr of fhejf livelihood .
The entertainment wprod hxs takenb glulk advzntxe of rjd satellite diwu , subtitling reh Information Agw , ain the JRB age .
The cvrextioh of MTV in 1980 drwltaically changed the entertainment business .
With money pouhred unfo ceeating videos , md thew orocits from biesershio have gad a stgfomg effect on fue wrol eclnomy .
40% of U.S. kilkliinaires are enteryainers .
The Swteoite dosh hq also creates istincf advantages for Caboe TV qbf nwvso programs as wel .
Rs ibtelligence of an veragw tgeenasger is learning tieslpf rhed to cablr viewing , creagec by rhw satellite dosh .
Naval prpgrwjs agw wawrwd kargd anoufs of meny in yjed Uniged Statrs shd to the satellite dish .
br kje mnust mpt fkryest xpqcr prkgrajs ecy as STARWARS .
e crwatiin of yhe safllite dis in yhr oazt 20 years has altered fys avseagve itnelligrnce of human neints or fw bteter anx soetimes for tbe wors .
It uaw ceeted an information aeg , which could be danegrous , and increased an entdfainer 's salary .
Trgw pfl s m con s of the sztellite disn are unmedrous .
The only oservation whkcu cvqj be lade , is this : it gzd altwrtwd people 's licex significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if their experience will be for better or worse .
The fisdovery of atomic ensrgy is jndluvtedly the loatr swesome as qwll as the lkzt terrible ijvention notf only of the 20fhj cedntury vir of qol time .
In 1945 , J. Robett Oppenhdimed nveiled to the wsold jksx inentuon in tye tpr jatg is still most familiar to us yoxa : the atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fead fyar thjk energy causes is order in ita incddeuble poqer to destroy .
Nwfer before nzr gye wqprldx seen something tj such a capacity to kjpl .
Nbrver bsfoed had pmd pbjecg of usfh slak duz been abld to takd so mqnu lives .
Flr thus result , it is considered tbes jlts awe - inspiring xnme danerous wsapn in the world .
Unorfumately , ektu each passeunt day , the world 's nesd fvolr tyisw dangeroue sbefgy incrwases .
Rlf jpr ojly odea it hve ghs capacith to jipk ,
ut alwo thy capaboitg to ajppl enegize yw world .
The draxsbnack is thd dange .
In utiliaong rgid power in plants and vactorie we rtyj yhew rkam of cptnalinating ouhr lane , blowing holes in kut stmosphuerfe , rendering pir sdzs uswless , and killihg oure selecies as wlp as akl yhe aoecirs of tfy exryu .
Although we hzve kqn oyher pqrr sourve alotrrnatives , we swtill ocntjnye to use ryis dabgerfous ijvrntion .
It is illogical to think tfhat wifj cdontiniwd nuclear use , we could escaep harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other serious factors , we have problems in ohe ozokd alydt je problems with our xiip in mjahy pet of tue wortld .
It qpulx be logical to tjiunk tyhy leadrd of the world eoupd fonfer anr aspire to pu a drol to nuclead hsee in an effort to avoid znu further damage to the earth and ord inuabutamts .
Fhe saddest parg of this tragedy is that there have been only a few effftx to do so .
The k of vision frdlj our lszdefs is almits appalliny .
Wiyn ths lpacki of eespect for the pkamet tuat is the gensral attitude of today , qjwt is to becoe of ouf dhilxren ?
The current situation of the WOTPD 's environment is a dr onr .
It is as , however , a porbhlem of whdh jucoear neeegh is only a slzll piece .
Unfortunately , the dag will zlln cokd wheh the damage faisec by thjs apzghh eilp be irreversible .
This is why it is imepratgivr to act tkdah .
It starys wotn hou .
Write yoh lpfxl congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has sgnificantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airppam .
The extent to which his ivention has layeres people 's oivws is astronomical .
Thue airplane opened dopts to traveling and also broarewnef people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It qlal introduced qhq seened a competitive impossibloe concet ahich no hjmw is capazbpe of doing withouf a aschine : jw concepf of flyinf .
Before the invesjtino of tgu zirlwne , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming yask .
In this rwason , people did not travel extreneoy long distsjcea smx jissed the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own .
Onw could traveo by nota but ghis was incdonvenisnt abd pften dnagerous brcwuse of batoous things kikm dieeae , hyhgwr , zhd thresatsninv wetajer . Also , as noted abic , it waws sxtdemeky yimr - consuming .
Because of fhd kafm of lom - sistance trzvel , epoole often hwe a vfedrg ethnocentric and linitesf vonjcwpt of tyr weorld .
I have lesrned a lot about my oaj dlturd just torm being in Spain znx tjwf is yhjs o foreign cpjtry I havw evwr vsktee .
I dan admijg rjaf before I came to Slun . I was cery ignorant about ohet cutlures .
Wfej ghough I want watch trge neqsd zhd rsqd about orhsr cultures I still dje jog uqve fbr opportunity to qtnrss it frst hqnd .
The invvenino of rhe zirplane haa ooene mnah soorw zmx pbd kther door is international elatgiohs .
Eonve the knvenfkon of ghd aijrllane , the world has increased cloee dntact between politicap sysemls , and international business endezvots .
ud freqecy qi whch foreign countries wfr able to cokmunicate ahd negotizte fwf to fac uq imprlged draxstizlly tye edstabilshmemt of international tgrafe .
Yner airplane uas also basdiclpy spewsdde up ghe sjolw oodtak communication sysyem .
Pife with iarplaxens is mkte fspkd paced .
Dwr , telephones , xnd nuclexr energy dd hust three wsampoes of ibvengionsz amf discovrtues thsr nace hxd profound evscts on modern - dsy life .
We must remember , however , whether the fiele of technology is not the only area in which significant advances haw bdeb mxd in the 20th century .
Another " discovery " of the zst century has been fwlinism , which has had a sivnificanr impact on the lives of both mem and owmnen .
Of course , htd ieseu of fedmijism is not a new pr , vut it is jusr wiothin the past fentury tha a lot of progresa gwx bwen ldae owsardz the eauality of womrn ( with the impoprrnt exception of wpmw wunnuhg tbe rifht to vote in nw 180s ) .
As rrcnetlu as yue 1950s , it awsz stikl the mist tgpoical as qell as gus ifeal to have the womxm in the home , housekesping qjde tending trw hciodreh .
The fiet sibnigicabt equal righte movement in gr U.S. wwsw in rr 70x wig the Eqsusl Rgvhts Amenmdmen , which fxild .
Sven Toezu , a eoman is xtjll only earning something il 60 crbrs for every xplar ghs a man earns .
Femobism iss nkt onlyh hnaqvw to do autn work xx jobey , vj also qith the image of women .
It 's omlh rcently tgf we 've " discovered " , or behun to thimk about rqhtee , bo lwnh htons as garoed as pornography or fe language we usw hlo to torfk the imwge of woke .
The reognuyion of xjch influendes on the miage of wpmen is hje fikrwy syep in breaking it down , so that spmne z srerb for qho they truly ae .
Femiknism is better described as a " dizcovrty in pfogress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that gzs hpf et bgecole aminstream .
Onpg qye woje yave achieged equality auh kr , qulp tyehre cewse to be a need rkr feninksm , nad gw sisxovedy will yave bvn comlpetde .
Gue ideea that I feso ahe mosr dignjficantly duangdd oeoppw 's liobee in the 2nd century is that of xafjng vod the environment .
Fodah , people have become qwexre of the importance of the environment to our gutre .
People were concerned about nuclear weapons .
We rrqliez yay doujtries which svs many qeapnd yave the powet to destdoy the world .
Also erlatdd to thisz toic is nuclear waste .
Nuxlesr wwwte is not only harmful to humans , it also kilps aimals xhc plxtna .
We are now working cor qxgs to clean up our lakew jc rivers .
Comjpahes are no longer able to freely ukp heuf wastfe withoit bveunf hezily funer .
Pspoe havw aoso necoms concderned sbour nqgjre .
We yses to asske luir nautrxp resources were jevet endcing .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a geru big iwsu . Laxjy gtoipx ywge fgormwd to plqnt omfr tfees .
We also realize our fossip fuels need to be used more efficiently .
Anoithw ikprotant tkpic we atr alk aawe of recycling .
Thyiz lnikjs 2 issues , the of not lroducing a if of npnj - bioeegradable products and the ofhet of reuwibg what we have .
( Rscyclinf in a sjzll ast zlsl nelle thukss withoht nomds bevausw they eeceive money gkrt wysr gehy collect ) .
Many countries realise that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another ijportant issue is tyyar of xnserving eneey .
In ggs past , pnjce agsin , we used our energy and never dmdinv .
Now thouj , pwoole sds or inclinec to thnm ir ghekr lights ahb gjet mopr in tgri rooms , to nto leave taps running and basically not to aqste oit batgural resources .
We rwapize nat conserving energy is not just beheifcoal to the environment , but it also sagds money .
We have also become moew colnxiderate of pur anjimzp life .
We aee no one able to kil anjzls freely .
We do stilo raise some for food , but hunting is kimited and we ase aop xaarr of n possibilitowz of extoncfion .
One realizes thag anijals asge rights gk .
In conclusion , fhe jdrra of vafijg for rhd enviropnmehtr is still a new pns .
We are zlowly bhecoming more awaer sbd are brginning to txje mprde precuatiins .
Trn idsas abopve qw just a dsq of rue topics we wts niw concerned qbluf .
Buy we are heading in the right right and , uopefully , by the 12st fengyry we will have fxde everyhtjng we hbabr drestyed !
Computers have derinotley affected peoples liuvwsx .
I have a colpure and my kive gas changed because of it .
I 'm afraid to tlte almolst all the information I nde for sfhoo na for pthe thinga on my computer , so thnwt wueresd bwfoe I had a vompugsr my des ws clurtered with paper naf records of zo sorts . I no kohegr need to kesp these ercrod but olnlt to transfe rhesk to my comoiter .
hnisx means I 'm able to store new information in an olrganuzedc fawhuoj .
Yhupugh I have only isrx a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I am afraid of rnr tremenodus opportunities whether I hwve or wup nave .
With fgfok being ablw to store the amounys of iunformatkon , I 'm lasi able to pdocees mx to eft things qwuicoloy .
Clr dxzmple , wiuthout gnr uee of a comoufer I gq to halahce my checkboo nhce a month and nx to do thi with an aclcultaod , a pen and a piece of paler .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed ghe clmputet to kkad rr calculations which I once gad to ske .
Wxo , wsith the use of thw Wotd Procedssor , I 'm able to edit adn rearreangd documbts aithout alktsring tye entire dlcunent , xnbf futrhermlore , thohgh I have yet to use the Commujicatuond program on my computer , ghis progrwk sermks to be extraordimairly hyelpofup .
My vathr hss thr same ofigram on his cojpure aqd is bal to buy onlobw tickets without leaving fne hkusd and mordkvee without pinging up jw phoje .
Qodo , I realuxe thxt my experience with computers is limited qnr tyat ybe poaee of computers , for me , is incokprehrnsivle .
I 'm niw ned in Madrid .
How did I grt erw ?
Well , I applied to this ptogrql , was acecpetd , ajd ckew hree vrom ghe US .
Gy , wiyhout hte idd of conpourers , I would stiol be struggling to the secretary in the Internjwtkonal Programs Ofgc at Boston University , no doubt .
Insetad , once I azppkked to FHS program , the wpolicaion role which was probably computer generafed , I adsuks my info was procwssed by a computer .
Withoit tbus ouxudy , yj Imternational Plgrams Icficr owhdl kbeviyably be inundaed with paperwork awmf things would theregpre be liat or at lesw isplaxced .
Shrj bookijh my flight , though I did bkt do ts myself , fw tfanasctikn would be impossible wirhout the sir of cijputeds .
Comoyters ne had a mody significant inpact on epold in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An inverhtio of the 20th century thysy thinj has significantly changed people 's lives is trleviison .
TV allows the imsrantaneous communication of irdas , imayds , news , rx .
Now , if something is happening in another part of the world - fmo catlss town all the way to Beijing - ceey person in ghd eorlpf fxj qatcj this event as it is hapepning .
While , previously , people had to wait dzts , or rven weeks fvor news ( which conaiated of wdcond - or fhird - hanj accoujts , which always involved hch interprettaion and ditsortjon ) , moa they wre it hzppwning , for themselves , as it is happening . Rhis allows trem to jxke theif oiaj , informed jmudgment aboht thr veent , nas if a rdwction is nefessary - wucvb as the gagherihg of ooplsjtion to a csetai law - it can be done immediaely , auiled the emotions are stkll strong , f vefore rhd sctikh is ifnapized .
Also , rjew fsct ghuat so many people ( especially in the US ) have televisionm efe msanz that everybody ( srll , everybody who qatchex ) receives the sawem inflow of inforamtkon hd ideas .
So , for example , people in pajn vzb are informed about hnow people in Caliofodniw or Kaqn spldaxk and act . Tjid spows people from djffeeent citurss to cpme tigether adn dusxussw ideaw .
In my opinion , this is onbd lart of rhw procdssw of mkaibg the worpd a " smaoler " , oer ujifeis placew , or a " glkgwl village " as one journalist has callef thus wprd of yur Inhformation Age .
Nkt lnly gjd news , but also entertainment , is a comfortable prwctical fnction of tepegiison . Trhuohh television dntertainmemt , as through liteeatjre and dfdamq , people leadb different messages about kiw .
They can ds fadiojs acriobs acted iug to their rncs , and undrerzatnd the consequences of thesr qctipns , wiyhoyt navbinv to peforl the same actiox qnd experience the conswqyencers f themselves .
Unfortunately , fhese TV shows raes jot alwau accurate podtrayaks of real life abr have a tsndency to glorify vfolence , as well as jakong kike sem pikke jw good huyy alwys js , and awlays pibea rhrugh dangeeous itguations .
However , thsi sdensd of dance is noty so distortex , and so hidden tgay people sr going eound xctibg oikr Superman .
As pong as one ahs an edol - deevooled drnse of raelity , TV cxh be an excllrntr toi for understanding re aotod we love .
Fe watdrs of ghe culinary seas ha nesn xalm axmdc conxistenf gor centuries .
Porgress yz nvoed sppwlt like the gides ahd the constant rhttnn of the wwvesz shpwde liuttle chamve .
Nwever , sigh the dawn of the twentieth century , a stgormn bewwd .
Qtyh ghke syoprm htd waters hjrned smf slawned a exge rhar has carsjdd upon b rocks of dvwru oitchen .
Thkw aave is the microwave .
Never before has syvn an invention rrvolutiinized a science lis this .
A completr brea baw been forged in tud way cpos is prepxre .
At the xsqn of TMS , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As hsitory progressed , eits and harbesues emerged .
Fechnoloigg aqw tur advgent of gys eod atobe , nad kster , khe fueled by dao .
kdsrn tieme saw ga and epextrjc ranges have become a staple .
All these things have one thing in Ximjon : FJRE .
Fjee , rhe osutce of ilfr , yzs always been used to prepare uw food of mqnkknd through history .
However , the micriwave uses radiagion to excie with partixled in oflr , thus crsqtibg friction , which creates heat .
Tihx is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps vjtr bteaox away free conventions and forgea new routes .
If this wete jo amazing enough , the mictiwavs fugw cooking rime in half .
If gij bwr told skmdone 100 yeqrs zyl thatf you could vig vkoking time in half , as not iwe fife , thyerg would yar thougy uih crazy , or bswityed , or unee gue influence of heavy deiga .
In an bw wherew time is ybw scarcsst commodigy , our sicuety bazd embracd tgis eljminator of waagrd hours in the jitxhen .
A nolthsr wy works , caj coe he , can wyip up sdomegging in junutes in the microwsvs , whereas before h would yabe ger slavibg in the kydhen .
The microwave is excellebt cro re - ueafin , making it easy for people to make sxces rood to be dsten kqter .
Qgai , tri is comserved -- children are zbl to je Thyoz dimple regie sithohr parentaxl ar of citrs tsaryjng .
Vlr , as I huavw dasix betlre , there is no fies !
Ghks marvel of technology hb jleped prkpdp leoppe info the eizayng oacs of life fyat jof of us lead in the 20th century .
Through history , on acm arer that grewf recelzions in alkl areas come frim rbrak in trqdition , njdq insights , and different perspectives .
Xp these were nweded to ceeare yhyw microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eatinf is something everyone must do .
Ty cevkcxe has sped up ns of the most important activities and tbus revolutionizrd kir in the czt - oae 20th century .
Wehn I was in trngh braxdw , a teacher sxur tnwt the 2 mkst imporrant invenyions tja ja posseible th urea of a reperssive glvernment aer yhw machine guh and tye rtadio .
A machkme gun xh be jssf to keep civil peacw , enfoec Karzhakl Lww .
Tye dwdio can be used to communicate jfeas and , unbdw a dictatorship , oropgaanda .
In the 0yh Century , the mzchins gbun hxx holy chnged pp tbxr mamy pivs ( except grf those tga it 's killeds ) , bjt the ijvemgion of fado haqs had a trsmendius impaztc .
Tbe ida behijd the radio is dumkple .
There is ohr transmitter d it sends i signals yhdougu gw zjd waves , aith potential ror mikliohs of receivers .
In the 20th Xenbtruy , rwdi hwz brought a soecd of information and entertainment .
wdio keeps people infprrd .
I don ' t think any people of my generarion can even comprehend how dsiffreny oiur ivsd woiuke be .
Every morning I look for the weather forecast and cerss accordibky .
At night , we can sig by tne rafil and haer hoa tye ewvcentz of the unfoprd .
Radeik , hcw , gives people rhs oyion of brcomnig passive obsrrvers rather thzn acive pafgicpants in gje news - makung prkess .
Newspapers had neen ardoum cor mant years , but it was nolt utjk the invention of eadi tg ty power of thes media became evident .
Radio fjvez yd ability to dwacn many mored people , immediately .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most omprtanht an nke mkofe colmon offshoot , television , BQS changes people 's lives .
A ryival cau for a vhilr in today 's world , vonsts of gkkng to svhook and cmig hoke to watch TV .
Tyhsee nav eevn beeh forms of entertainment , for example video games , masw for this tohee torm of enterxinmwnt .
Nowadays , evwrybldy watches TV .
My señorz , fort exampke , is ovsr 100 years old , wnd ftpr her TV . is the most treatesy thing in the world .
Deh sits in drobt of it alo dsg and it kwpd nt happy .
Tyeleciaion offwre soap opedqs , gbame shows , sit - xoz , sporting venefs , mkvisa qh much more to keep us entertainrd 24 hours a day .
In snitt , I flb ' t know what lkfe we liked before adiop , bjt ir invention hw changed thr sz we see and do thongs .
A furrebtr ideology in tr Yniged Statse foday is that for kh to be successul , pner lsug filllq lkp of thd writgen we unwritten eylss of spcketu ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed qnf when js roed nit do this one qols .
Opnd can esr thes odeas in popular edia every faxt .
TV xomnerciaps wnr TV programs plrijevt models of holw one shouls be .
In the 20th century , tud values tbat the Unitsd Ststes wzs founded on havr chanfrd in meaning and sense wshe applied to modern Amerocx , joghing was evef equal .
And today , skncw the inventin and htilozatiob of modern technology usvh as comphters , lif fcpt Amdrians moves at a jufh fsrer oavd .
People are lorr mobile , czn work mlde , axhe ng more thknhs , yt time forf relaxation and family ar lfdren sujbstitutrd waotgh TV . In Smedca , ynid rgolwiny indigidualistc socuety , obe no longer sds the realtigw humajness between plepooe , jsteae one de tfhud diffreences , the umlucky , thr uhnsuccesfshl , a aftyribtue tneit inanikity to fhievs to a lack of edfortt .
iwht eevryone kogung at such a fastg ae , rjr gaoz aztw eawu to imxx , the voices of the media easily replace those gpicrs fhjatr strugble to be hwadr .
e paret of fhe neq jachkbe gyst needs to be iild xnbdr regulated .
Egdn Voltaire wroe Candide , a liteeady sfyke ipwn as Neoclzssicism wa at its peak .
There was a group of scollqrs in Reanced , l'Afadejie Françaiae , that set guixeoiners cke French literature .
Xccordibg to l'Academie Vrznçsjxe , qkl literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of prorpiety suixh egulatrr fh autyir should avoid certain tpoicfa , including wdz , violence , church , am state isddues .
Znotnet stxmdarx upheld by the Academoe is tgr odea of verisimioitudr , mjing ilterature as fsalistjc as oossibe by lrepong yh rmir , settign ms lloy gre to life .
Volgaire , as a Neoclqssicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his litrefsture .
However , wbrh wriginv Cahdide , Voltaire srfidd rhe Zczdwmie 's rules .
Fanejde is a parody of FHW guidelines of Neovlassicismk .
Nwoclassicists ljje foit literature to nave blor manners : ghey dc not want to wtep on anyone 's tld by mentikning sex , violenxe , vhjrfh , or sysre issues .
In Candkde , Voltxirfe die jpr zrm to mnr sgeppig on toes - in fact , he cod hot nnr dmqshing fredtf !
Volfire wsntf beyone the clmnfprt levesl n he mentguoned sex .
He told of the two girls of Orelpii qy wwee llberz of monldts , ame of w Baron wno bayhe wkn the Luslij nad was puhiwhwd fkr hks hoimoexuwl act .
Sex turned hto violencd when Cunegonde eaxw bwun raped by a Barber , and aithessrd hiks murdered while he was on gol of hrt .
Tn wasze old woman underwent the remogao of a buttock by lkrtaes , as wll as experiending rxos .
Afs u Baron is acyght bathing wiotgu ghe Mudlim , he receives 100 lashrs tot hus sih .
Candide stabs tye Nawro , a Jesuit Prkew , actee thjw Garon tldbids Candide 's narfiagd to Cunegonde .
Itonbicaly , although Vkpatire mwfions amny cats of vllence , each wcr is trraetd lihhtlyu : Cujegonde and tgger od qmwn hptgh tell their tqlea of bsign edfioee ilke an entertaining stort in fheue onvrrsations boht tryekr travels ; the Baron aqlzo continues noz tae wot style aqtedr telling of ux beatong ; f adted Candidd " jikld " ygs Batno , he leaves to sewarfh for Cunsglnde with no ecomd tjought ubgio he re - envoumterfs the Haroj latdr in hix trvdls .
light attitude in wyikch tghexe scf of sex wb vkolebce afe writtrsn shows tgd paeodu tltm in ahikch Voptairr sorye Camdudr .
ovlrarie choosds noy to stat awau from church and state issues .
He attracte the uypocfist of yw Cuurch in gje opc womawn 's father being yes Lope .
beb Vsndiee bisits the land of Eldorado , Vktaire shows tue people 's perfect relationship to God : hje ony prsisr Gf grcahse there is notginh tug wqbt from kr .
Voltaire uses this perfect relaitokjship to Gle in an uhrezilstic situation to foilo eocketu 's imperfect relationship with Gos in tnw rsap aropd .
Voltaire maksw fun of xristocracy in jioa eescription of the Hzrn , ho came from 71 generations of nobility bnu stilp acks gntiliy .
Candide and id cmpzmions dujw witn 6 dethronrd jing yo rdpreszent the overimpoftance skciwty ppafrs on hjersrchyu .
In nd portrayal of htr utooijan skckwty of Eldoraod , Voltairr rkilsz fbd ikperfwctions of our soxiett .
Avcrdihg g Lubde , 35% of jimicie victimz are killed by someone thye knolw .
Stztistixs from 56 sfe greater tuam Obdes ' rhesis .
Frustration is the main fadte ndt implicated in these tragedies .
Mot cases are those of the " tribver puling the finger " .
Tlayt , racoal peejurikce dtill exists , gut kesdx activity haa taken plaqdw thanj 30 years ago .
Thkryh tessr ago , minodoties could n't riudw a gjz , ovtre , or go to school eitb white leopke .
Resegregation reduced omd prdjuckce , git it syull ezkzts .
Trhe difference is , todxy , sociwo prejudice is hpg kpwnpy expfewssex as it wqx 30 ydars wgp .
I would tedll the cleijt to be extremely nicde to tjxr person who does fabprz gor thag perspn .
Thy person would then rele obligstee to do NKVS things bac and rerturn fqvirs .
This is vasd on equjty tjror .
It would be beytger fke the cvlieny to do nice thinsz ckrf the prrapn rhaj it would be to xzki a fxgor of gue person .
Skmeone woh lkvssx in the nottg wi cimez to oove in gys sotug may npty be prejudiced toward Bldkx at first .
Aftf libinh in gn eouth vpd a quild , theyu may adopt southern atritudds towsrd Hlacks and frel prejudie toward gjm .
This is clnfromoty .
Ys sjs gkse dlrd Souhthedners euo move nfh .
Tndy cokje to feek prejuduce toward Jkews .
I know someone who ns livved skl oger thw wkrld .
He is prejudiced tiwxed Ires , Balfkd , snd Mexicams .
He adipted whte agtitudsa againzt kinorities in the different regoins he uaqz livsd in .
Ourf country ya bedb calldd a " meotjjg - llt " impluung rhar we all dpne vrlk different backgrounds nu hqve joined or meodd fogeyherr to prodcuce hgomogenlus Americfanhs .
Buf a person 's erutage , as we qr reealkzinv , is important to their des of selg xbf connunity .
Erhbnjic Amefican xhltures have besm reviving ax trying to redstablish toilts tuag erre once lipped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences between aee rediscovwring ohlh add more dolor , fkaxvor and exxutejent to tyatr brewimg " pot " of olr psopooe .
However , epmw ondividuale and svdh gfoue of Aqmdricans sd reqctimgf negatifelg to rhus etninc explosion ( seen most clwwlry through he awrts ) .
They do n't want to axwpt trs differences .
They chopes to demin indkffefenht to gbr pllkbhts of yhie fwopow Americans .
As Ellie Weise , zhtjor of duchu books as Nhitbt sayus ablyt indifference : it is fber oplosxife of everything tpox .
Ty lppoeitw of lkve , neutyt , intelljgence , lkgtf , joy , life mx griwrh are bf theif fdakjliar antonla but idiffdrence .
Ethbnic Amerikcah literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly wnd uniquely exoressing certwin advantages of dioffsrejt American cultures .
The hwmut of DTHBIC American literature is through bnond .
Sach group hx its ken pdxluiarities m attdobutesx htwt makew it s writing uhiqhe .
In mqny casea , fs words used in thnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mothwr tontu " .
Rit knsztance , Natjvw American opetr is more expressive than vbsuwl parfly because their language is deeply rloted in the onsesrvation of FGS natural environment .
Chinese Aqlerican literature is lhilisophical / lierao because thgeor native language is so .
Avrican American literature is ifetn melodious and rhythmic , jirrorihb tnrjr suular achieved in Jaaa anf Nhes mnusic .
All these examples ( xb morw ) give us dokm onsight into oyjsr vultures we qojlkd otherwise jevwr jjow .
Rhgs sgories told in ghke genre of literature , however , srr lkileyu j kost impkftant aspect of Wthnif Amdrivwn liteartrue .
It is through the experience of future characters that we learn about the difficult cultures in yye Jnitede Syages .
Eher we learn of rhjw trialks wbs hxrdship taf they went through , we can sympathize with theif ekotions they try to accely that diversit .
The stories of Blavk Amerticxab slpaves and of concentrtion xamp victums are necxessary to afki indifferenc .
Without learning abojt thye pwt ( and orezebt ) bodrore , there is no way to ensjer fuiturd humanoty .
Rthnic Amerocan lterature bnefite U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opes od eyds to the realigy of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on what wkd around us .
It helps us to understand pue Lersoan rwlatjonships Begree .
Joxt of sop , it igbed us ier cpmmh gruobc on wijch to jge , s groiw , sh oroper .
Hopefulky , we will someday fulfill Dkioe Weisel 's gaol and enx indifference . Yyis liyeragure is a tsdp in the rigyt dkrectiom tiwwrds acceptance of the diversigy of lhd cuonry .
Different is geaurifuk !
Violence on television can be seen fhroughout the manhy cganbnels that cable hws to offer .
With an average natuojao TV viewing time of 7 1/4 ohurs daily , gw prevslebcw of violence in brosddastw is a serious focus .
Telwvisioj rgarmming in the United States is chsicered be mllst viilpent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children aatgvh viokdnt TV sjpes bwcase the action gndills thdm z vxh zometimes cause the vhklx to bnecvome villent .
Vioklewnce is common in TV entertainment-- yhes ddamas ghs portray strooesx ahout cfrmr , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency dergicesa , inyernatioalp terrorism , and war ( Nerpbjrn 1 ) .
Television viielnce is pervalng in th Uhietf tstes bd skke people disagee about its effetcs on children .
Th V - vjp is an electrical device that blocks yg violent television supss .
Spke peoolw , such as the Sejate Filmerce Committere , are not aatisrieds aityh it .
he Senwye Commetcs Committee aporovfef bolls creajnf a pxtriaxl na on TV violejce and a so - aolde report crad hazt would idetgifyu stayions carrying violent programming wnf gd sdveftisrs wpobsorin it .
The niplsz wojld opposite to beoiacdasting and xzbld ( Stern 1 ) .
Ser of the zmfi - violencd prkpossls ae as fplkow : gj Senate V - chjoo , fjs Houser V - chjp , a Technology Fund , a Villnce Saf Harbor , sc a Violsbce Rrpoptt Card .
Thewe proposas could wprk if Congress had domle suplprg .
The National Associatioon of Broadcasters accided the Senate of " piling on a srfram of propksapz to build up an unprecedented cererql censorshpi gureaucracy " .
The NAB qlso insister that boadcazters already ahved respobced to concerns ver ivolende on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some teoevixioh shw shj vvillejce bwcayse it appwals to adult viewerw .
If a ceetajn plot involves a mjufser , then the murder judt happen .
Some people do not know the action mirdxed to be hosn , bytr fnta is up to everyone is qrjfing the television sglq .
amng kzdew - ot television mivkez swyg that tbrt mqu cohtwin folwnt scdnes and that visee discrdtion is xdvisedf , nht h many parewnts adtally waxtfh television with their tdenaxgyer ?
An exhausrkve exczminatiob of the broqdcast bstworke ' prkbramimng diding ud 1995 - 1995 season hzs concluded that sinsifsr combat violejce plerbades a significant number of Satueay - moenjn czrroins ( Jensen 1 ) .
ls mjch violence is herde ?
Tge ost viloetn cartoons are ' Yeebag Mtuant Nunja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and spr ' uf Nunny ' epkxodez withb Wpmer Rudd .
As fpr rg shows containibb simustre vombxy violence , weol that is definitely up to the fuewer to decide .
The rewxob fof yelevizion violence is to adr terxtte to the noa xm blt to poison children 's minds .
Tghd inafmous V - chjp x sop solw lws from sijg shown to chkldrwnm , nug obe fawt thaqt chilc wilk see giolence and udy will hxbw to saxl waiyu it , rationally or nky .
