It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in t uture ? " if the onl n who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was young , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Pschology , because one a I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
It 's difficult because I have to had a lot , t I think that if you like a ubjec , you 'll tuy it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mid , maybe not .
I think tt pblc transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people people need to use a b or tai .
I consider it more convenient to drive a r , because you crry ore things in your own car rather than travelling by car .
Alo , you 'll meet friends people who sually a you to be your friends and exchange telephone numbr .
In my experience , when I did n't have a a I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a c is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At at moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like bikes , as , trains & laes .
Dependig on the destination and time to esred destination , the mode of transport is chosen accrdingly .
To eneraly speaking , travelling by car is much more fun than copaed with other modes of transport .
Tis reminds me of a trip that I have ecently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stopped at hote to have fo and just in case both of us felt hungry , we purchae some snacks before the IP .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we nt to travel by a ( which is impossible when travelling by rain or plne ) .
In addition to that , we c also take a comfortable short a on e ck seat and wake up fresh .
For e aove - mentioned easons , I am going to conclude that travelling by ar is uch more convenient .
My name is Srah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in hs ar 's summer cap .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . lso , I organized many sports activities at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope hope you will my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my rinds .
Volleyball is a sport that is laid everywhere . When I am on h beah I like playing with my iter in the sad and tn we go in the e .
It is gea un .
When I was young , I liked playing wi a ball in e playgrud and my friend and I laughed using soccer gol as a vlleybll nt .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country tre e a o laes to iit .
For example , Barcelona , Mdrd , Sevill , Valeni .
Tere r wonderul itie because there are a lot of things to iit . For example , in Mdrid y can sit " urta del Sol " , " Las Cbels " .
I visit Madrid twc a year .
very summer I vsi Evlla because I love this city and I suggest you isi Svilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want , I will lok fr a job for you .
My est friend if looking for a reponsibl person to look ate her siser .
My sister is 6 years old and o uld have to lok fer r every weknd .
Would you be interested in this job ?
han u fo your e - ml . It w wndeful to ear ro you .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport ystem and it will keep on doing so in the future .
ecuse public ransprt is a more os - effective ad bette resource allocation in the MS transot system .
Aso , people suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
But n e a cheaper way of getting to their destination , especially if it is away from home .
r eampe , I think tt it is not affodable for an odinay pron to use a private airplane for travel to another country .
Instead , it will be ommon to buy an ir ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because people do n't have enough money to pay for a car , and if it is used , public transport will continue to have a future b eope are gong to us crs re than uses or the underground .
If we think about it , t cr is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , u On the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a r , we ca st be by ourselves , which can be oo ecause we can listen to th uic at we li and we do n't need to be around people that are known , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or faily , so both mods of tranport ar good , and cars do n't ne necsarily to bring an end to publc transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by cr than to go by us .
In my country , we are very excited about the environment and economics .
We have soar panels and a place to mke compost in the gardn , with orms an degrade al the rgnic waste of the school .
At a strategic point in the buling , we have special trashan to sepate te garge ino orgni , aer nd ardboar , cas and plastic bottes and they also give alks and presentatos about the earth 's problems , lie gobl warming , pollution , ec .
The manaer of this rojet is Mis June Sid , our science teacher .
ll These iitiativs have made us all , the yas , a rcognsed ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to talk about my favourite sport .
My favourite srt is football . Why do I hoos it ? Wll , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Arlay remie eague , Lga remie , ia Word Cup and so on .
I believe that everything will dight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester Unted . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Ichal was a little kid we he had a dream that was : to be a super ho !
After may years , he still deat of becoming a sur heo .
He went to university to study music because he thought that his pofesion was the ost siilar to being a super hero .
After soe years at university , he met a girl called Kat and he fell in love with her and she ell in love with him .
Kate attendi university to study fashion .
hen the wo sarted to eat .
Michael nd always wee so happy , until oe d Michael to her aout dream of being a suddenly hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael w nl draming nd that would never happen and that uper heros did n't exist .
When she aid that , Mical srted to cy n gt ma , said that she was lying and did n't have a har .
He got so angry that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
e olowing day , she ai sry a ty we hppy again .
t when he got to Micel 's house , he ought agin n Michael t a knife and il hr .
He cried with a o of blod around .
Michael got away from there .
Mihae clsed te do and kne at that mother he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human istry . It bins a number of benefits in your life .
For instance , we tk the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
It is ue that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our lives and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our fspring .
Givng a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in trffi fo bout one our in the mrning .
I an iagie how long I would have to get to school if there was no bus or R .
h car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans too .
For example , carbo dioxide , which is emitted by ars .
It causes global warming , which tretens our environment d arm r aily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related dissters happening in eent decades , such as typhoons , uricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Offce is nofied by the photograher wh the film as shippe .
If the film does n't arrive on , ie , immediately .
Lot shipments have been found more asily when the process is tared igt away .
The pleasure of travelling
Pole go , people ome .
Every da lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's h es w to do an international trip ?
The most important way to travel is by ar t lane .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a pla .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There e a broad variety of things to do and enjoy the tr .
However , h es option is to choose a train .
There is n't n oparison wth watching the changes in the landscap through the wind , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get wy sm dy and ak te rutin f oe days .
Anyay , no matter how you go , no matter wee you go .
he pleasure of ravlling is travelling itse .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many inds of transportation . We travel by car , bu in the nea Fuure ter will be another comfortable and easy place to travel , lke first trains and pans that can transport you to ort to outh in less hn an our . his ll mke businessmen happy and comfortable , because of svin a ot of time d effort , so we oe that the governmnt can achieve hi as soon as possible .
In modern society , tre ar lo of riends in o ail ives .
g projects oud n be finished without cooperation .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , felings and unn things that appn rund us .
More iportanty , parents give us life and tech us knowledge and sils or abilites to le in this world .
In this case , family members lay important rle in our daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
Fis of l , we learn lots of kills from prents based on their experience .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a rendly way , and we can also learn how to ak a meal from our parents .
Secondly , family members ca give you om advice about how to deal with the thin which caue you touble .
If difficulties are shae with family members , ideas wi co up to your family members and they will communicate with you about h to solve this situation .
All in all , in this area , family members are important frins in our lives .
Computing technology has en advancing a great eal in recent years , making the old ompters almost useless , tting better , and making the difference between old and new coputers gow more with every new inveton .
As we see , old and new computers are vastly different , saring from the si of te computers . O computers were much igge than ew computers .
Old computers used to occu one eire room , nw , they r only the sie of a x , een the size of a OOK .
You have a portable computer now , and tae it to ever place you ist .
ld computer only lets you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 olors ( gren n black ) , b now you c do whatver you want to do , like creating or paying vido games , witing or radig a BK , cnnect to th internet , atch or mae videos , invent new stuff to improve Comting Techology , n nt oy in 2 coors , t thousands of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new comutin is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , TC . i Ethret cable or Wireless Cnnction ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and strted to thnk of the et wy to make his if miserable . I spent the next 2 eks lying o eas to my up .
As I did n't know anything , I went to the place where he lay and started to look for some information about his life and find people he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same hous , s I decied to follw h to te house and I found t he as ting a gi . Sh might be his girlfriend , so I fnally t an idea . I oud die m cray us as he did me . That way he would tink he ad problems wih his mid and eve him . u so i thouh about it again d ealied that if I did hat she would try to help him a they will be more uited , so I decided to drive them both razy , almost to the rink of deth , just as he i wi me !
B wait a mnte , am I really suffiiently ngr to do is ?
Yes !
I screamd . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control of my aions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could n control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I wou feel we I finally a my revenge . The best evene .
t I 'm so md at hi and so nxiou to make hi life imposile , and soon my fe of deth and my anger for all of the suffering I have been through became tronger and strange . I ha made a decision and I ws ong to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of h li to torturing me ad not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessay fo m to he a misrable li d I wo n't to until I have accomplished my al .
I do not are wit this idea cmpletey .
In the one ad , travelling by car is really very convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic is always a big issue when we traveling by car .
My Favourite sort
I wa born to be a football player .
F me , football is everything in my life .
Whe I watch football on television I dream of laying in a big ea n in a big championship like t arclys remer League , Ligue 1 or iga BBVA .
My aourite clubs are Befia and Real adid , were Rnald plas . o me , he is the best player in the rld . That is why Roaldo won te Gl ba in 2014 .
I played football for an Ortuguese clu calle Vaenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and wining the best chpionship , the Uefa Chapions Leau , and the best scrr of a time in the Uefa Chmpions League is Cisiano Ronald , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it hrdly is because of my dad .
Hi rea is tha I become the ex captain of a ig am n win a lot of money .
My name is Ony .
I graduated from Natoal Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for viws to make competitions come .
He enjoyed the game .
I also like to oo .
If my mom oks , I always help her .
My pesonlity is cheerful , neretic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smiles l d .
I think that a Sie is the best FT in this world .
I am als a hard worker .
I have passion for my job .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a rply . ank you .
Public transportation has been sd by people more and over years it has been kind of becoming heaper and safer , but some people prfr cars . To what xtent do we age with this and ha we reasns for ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 ars ago , there was nothing cald public transportation and people really owned cars , so in those years there were ot even good fcilties to move from one place to another and there is because there were no cmpanes to bul cas . ftr but 10 yeas , car trading bcame vable and lo became very supported by havng h own as . At he beginning , thy faced a ot of problems , but they were be to solve the in the end .
Nowadays al mods of trnspor are more convenient , from cs to buses , eve trains a lans . Some people prfer ar because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , ut from another point of view , public transport is very cheap and even faster . u whe it coms to ravling , a lt of people prefer driving eir own cars to feel h el exerence and to eno themseves re by avodin croded laces .
To summarise , it is different from one opinion from another . I redict that mobile transportation will be iproed and people will use it oe re , tt in the ND , cars will disappear and will no one be used .
The topic itself explains the uncertiny of public transport in our country .
Ts conclion becomes me prominent if we look into the da of the cr copaies and the eponental growth in their sales figures and , with low udgt private cars in the picture , the scenario as draticall changes in h pas 10 years .
development of the biodiesel industry can have a contibtion to productivity rowth .
A large scale of investment was brought to iofuel development .
Menhile , it boste ecoomi growth and o opportunities , thereby enhancing Grss Domestic Product ( D ) .
If you lie in a bg wn or a smal one , it does n't matter , but one thing hat should be tan cre of by the people and organisers of the on , is the environment .
lobl warming is a huge ise these days .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we , h people , lay a real imortnt pr in making it worse .
Active od govenmet understand the value of aking re of res and waer and air and uh oe to provide a frsh , clen and safe environment for their people .
Reycling items ca be a good place to sell for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken of by my it .
eryone has to plant a tr in front of their hom according to the rl of the provincia government .
Pole do not realize that cutting down a tree can redue the prdction of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh a to breathe .
In addition , the city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and unde 18 years old and provdes a free session of tlks or presentations to incree th awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , esh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest neighboring cities play a part in cleaning up the environment so one can be seen in the whol ontry .
Everybody likes an avourie sport .
My favourite spor is football .
At my school or village foobal stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Finally , I play ootbal with my classmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs g por and my bod gets eney .
Our team has a hrd - working coach a He gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
His main rds : " You must work d work very hard if you want to ge ood rslts " .
I can say that this man is an experienced person .
Nt so ong o , we had a competition .
We n first place .
We achieved this result because we were friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynmo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to nyone who starts ts srt : " You must believe in yourself " .
alo my friend ,
What 's up ?
ow re you ?
How was your day ?
It 's really ice fr yr expressly e - mil event .
Yu egret hat you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything recisely , because I know you very
Dar Pau ,
I have ee yo advertisement in the acadm newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to end it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to pan n years later , so I oul speak with hem in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I attended a blet course for 4 years when I a young .
It was a long time o , bt , I still kee t rhth in my dy !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic taining oure to do with the other ballet - cuse members . I had to be the teacher fr o day and I hav't forget it because I felt wonderful .
ll members cogratulate me , as well .
On t otr and , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You should know that I 'm a very resposible , kind and funny person .
Tat ake me a go canidate to get a job , or a hobby for me !
I hope you consider my candidature , because I wo n't disappoint you .
Bes whes , Juli .
In my opinion , public tansprt wo n't suffe fm the hotage of dance .
Because everyone can afford to use their own car .
Besides , there are a lot of elderly people who ca n't buy their own .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place that hd ou bes friends can see each other a know ah .
In Taiwan , may people ve to take care of their parents we they get old , b the oint is , what if you can n survive ? I ea , you do n't have enough money to oo fter your parents .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family ell . I do n't trust them to be high .
I like New Zealas because there are many lands .
By he means , New Zealand is a cool weater .
In Mlaysia , the eather is slightly warmer than tere .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and fel the pleasure of having a try at the food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like ey chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand . Believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have the means , I will go hee and tke ll of you .
I ie in Lentini , a small city in Eat Sicl .
he local couil dos n't have a project for the environment .
Peope collec an knd of rbbish and throw it all together in lack scks .
Although the counil begun to pla something , the people are n't comitted to the problem .
Aond the city , you can find many places where people throw frids , ves , " amiano " , old things or urniure .
Wt a iy !
The suburbs of Lentini col be wonderful .
There are orae trees , a large le and Etna in the background .
When I was a hild , I had a lt friend and they were very impressive to me .
We always played in the rk or we talked about our tastes , music , ys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I ban to experience situations that I d not like . For instance , girls said bad things to me or he said unkindly about me .
In tos years , I went through the worst moment of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th irthay , only one shoolmte wanted to come to my party . I think that that was one of the best days of my life .
Ta ngt , I cied because I elt hat I di n't have friends .
However , my parents tried to mak it so that my party was the best and they repard a special birthday for me and they invited al my cousins and we together we went to at pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I ke that they oud never talk unkindy about me .
o , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He s always een wit me .
Als , he is really uny and I laugh a lot with him .
We like to travel around the world and to do oe spot , fr exapl , tnis , listening or trkkng .
We le watching TV series and ooking different desserts , o .
To s up , my es friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
He lives of eple aoud the obe is bcomig bsie and busier d by day .
A uy lie always compels us to use the first d most convenient means of transportation , which made the public transportation system g beid mor cr .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
The advertisement for a job had been read by a suiale person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working it chldrn .
I am sure that I will look after the children very we .
I want to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer cmps , I 'll improve my level of English .
On the ter hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer cmps .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi a
How r o ? A stll living in Madrid ?
Yes , I stated my lessons last month d it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the stuets are very friendly .
But I need to work harder because I wt to pss the exam , and it 's ery difficult .
However , if I continue on studying like now , I will do it .
e lessons are very funny .
Dear S or Madam ,
I have en yur advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for it .
I cn speak English and I am an ovey , energetic and rdworking person . In addition , I have an eference frm
my ast company .
I have working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrintos
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we think o different our lives is compared to eite our parents ' or our grandparents ' lie . For example , my parents i n't watch TV , because there w n't y TV in the world whn tey wer yug . But th is n't th only difference : we ca think about t mobile hone , the couter and nally te internet . u grandarnts coud n't have iained a strange macin like he computer in their lives .
espite the fact that personal vehicles lik ow popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely ridiculous .
Nowadays , people use fossi fuls as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy dos n't always reain at a cntant level , and sometimes it will run out .
People must find ws to e other ergy ouces like nuclear power and wind power . blic transportation such as the electric metro uses hs kinds of energy .
As a result , governments will invest mo in resarching the use of ths tpes of eerg , and tavelling using public transport wi ecom ch cheaper than using a private car .
The range of public services will be panded to remte areas , and it will be much more convenient .
Commuting and travelling uing public servces will be the first priorty .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , ost cities in the orld will become overrowded . This will lead to many other problems that ed to be lved . For example , raffc jams and pollution .
In some ways , hes robles ae caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
People will realise that singing in their own car is us wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually illng themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for tem to travel is public transport .
Eah person should practice saving energy when using y source of energy to potatoes .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Pubc ranspor srvices have a brigt fture a their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you fre at the weekend ? Hv you gt an las ?
Me and my friends are going to the nema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
If you are interested , et me at 8 o ' clock near the nema entrance .
Tak o Helen for those wonderfu presents .
I always want to read this type of book .
I en to people in the Philippines through by unch at e hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident th bcaue developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education propecs a stable environment or the younger gneation to row up in .
The effect of brai drain is that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Econic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of bran - drain should be tackled at ternational national level on a broader dimensions and or raional ttern , because it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing citizens should take control of inflation ; focus on oosting the infrastructre and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Evers to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he cimbed Evest in my 20 .
ount Eerest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
e to wa eahed fr te rst ti by two cliers in 1953 .
My friend and I ke TV programs , electronics mic , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I am at h arties with my friend .
They litn to USIC and we sin .
It 's Vry gd .
Jason is my fend , he is druk and he also dnces his girlfriend .
Os is h st sngr . He sings d alk at the party .
Another person is Ael . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
Hello Somethig ,
My name is Stev and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gemany .
At the moment I go to a secondary odern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to reale everything .
For example , hee is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
I love her look .
H eyes look like the u .
But she ignores me .
I hope I can fort her .
Rn fr your if
My avourit purpose is running .
I like to run fast , so fa in ac tha it feels as if I am running on air and my eet hardly och th goun between tries .
My favourite lae to run is in the first , but I like to do sports too .
I like to feel the ground under my eet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the ootpths in the streets of the city .
Te et advice I ca give to someone who has started running is to start early and not to try to run too fast , but the to eentuall build up the running week by we so tht ever wek you r rning a little futer and a little faer and then , after 20 year , you will be an lmpic chapon maybe .
In my pinio , teleision an be educatioal . Whether you are watching the news or a show about Wrld r Oe .
Of course , it 's important to choose the igh television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jery , it will hardly have any educational value .
Athough n could argu that you an always lean omething .
A friend of ine recently explaed that if a zombie apocalypse shul happened , he would be prepared because he has been watching Waling De for some time now - so in his eye , he learned o ( not ) to at in hat cs .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a fornic iologist and I deply ove my job .
It is a j with a lot of interesting aspets .
It is yamic , stmlating ad , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel stisfed .
In the last few years , forensic biology has deloped ay spects like better senitivity , robustness of results and less time required to analyse a group . bt hat suck me mos is how ft this change has happened .
Television seems to be a controversial ol .
Here there is one : does television ffer highl likely opportunities for the advertisement in an educational way ?
From my experience , I bliee television h bh entertainment and educational funcions .
It notes how many educational programmes broadened children 's horizons in the past , how qickly an ault learns different basics fm a great number of educational programs , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also not educational programs make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our nxt generatons ae rquired to poess .
Apart from educational content , there is so lot of content , business advertisements and ak information on TV the citzes wo n't be able to ell right frm wron .
However , I believe eucaional programmes on TV play a vtal role in education both aduls and yog children .
I think he be restaurant we can go to is " Te Sior 's Restaurant " .
Tee we a at typical Italian food .
T as me I was hre I ate the worst pizza that I ave ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In FC , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dresed like sailors : I think that it 's a great ea !
So , it 's erfct o or class because there is a lot of space , so we can do it all together at he se tabl .
The ownr is a very kind ersn and I 'm sure he will give us a go pric .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it a a utue .
Currently , people are used to using their car to get to work or to go shopping , ue to it being more comfortable .
But cars pllute the ir with CO2 emissions every day and contiute to clite change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their cars so much .
In addition , hanging a cr is very expensive .
First of all , you need to be abl in order to use it . Aft at , you must f the inurane , roa ax , and mechanic 's ils , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the u or train or lower vehile you ue beaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than rs .
In conclusion , I think public transport is a true , and the more people se it , the more future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I rk f your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive ou alay pament .
B t py is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring hee students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diliently assting the instructor , helping the instructor oganiz hanouts , insead the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , also cleaning the classrom . very hard ok , but I hve othig to complain but .
I work ard fo two mots , pay a lt .
It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I wat a ltte highe aes , pymet of 300 yan more than the exstig wae basis .
I invite you to consider te proposal .
I think hat the government should hl t public transportation , for example buses , tins , the metro and more , for an inge reason : the quality of if againt the pollution .
Travelling by cr is moe convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for pakng sces nd because of the price of fuel , and also mantenance costs .
In big cities , public rasport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be done in the same way , because , for the rnsport companies , it 's not convenient to invet money in tansport , because few people would use it .
Tom Swyr was a bo at lived with Polly . She had to punish him , because students did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and he taled a t d Tm exchanged a tic for s tooh .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so o talked to r at school and they went into a secret and a T kissed Beck .
m sad to e about nother girl , so I got an ad and se igord Tm .
om as so d because Becky did n't to alk to him , so om en on a tip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
Whe T w h ous , he sneaked into s house and a hs at Poll crig or hi .
So on the next day , the two went to church to attend the funer , because many people thought that T was dad . Bu suddenly opened e or and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tm .
The next day , ck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up t ill , so the two bos considered lie an adventure .
So they went to he mysterious house and when they were inside hey hard vics , so Tm d ck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was he that wa talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal money and kl people , so the boy started their aventur by soppig Injuin Jo ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your essay .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " d " izaaa " .
That is bease o ll imrove ou Japanese thee .
Especially , many sot eat Aias and study Japanese in Japa while working in them .
By mroving their Japanese ills in Japan , the ve he opportunity to get a job .
Michael clsed the door and knew at that moment he had ade a mstke .
He was at Sarah 's house whe suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and wet to the house .
So he went back to Srah 's house and clend the wol bathroom , but Sarah leady knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom e said : " I know wat you left there " d Michael went running to h bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of t city in Bangaore , Inia .
My school has a uique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths eache very much because my teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
God orning :
This is an essay about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lt d , wat is or , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go swimming ool and ess in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody else me and I do n't have to ai for anybody .
I said that because I wa eeven my best friend had an operation on her ack d . beore the operation , he came with me and , every y , I d to wait for hr bcause sh spen a o of time in the shower leaing h ng hi . I hated tha !
Luckily , the operation was in and she stopped coing with me , and since that ay , I go on my own .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they lik disturb me . But sometimes it is amazing , oo .
I would rcommendd people who do not know how to lan , because I am pretty sure tha they will ik it and later they can stop swimming .
I think th dream is a mens of self - expreson .
It 's t a hobby ; it 's more than that .
Dance is a pasion , a means of life .
When I 'm drinking I forget my problems , except my stupid cmpanins do n't understand anything .
Bt TS is another theme for speaing .
Wn you dance , sing , or you are shopping for something for the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passon , you practise every y , and you 'll kee practisig all day until you cn .
If you e red , it does n't matter , because you like wha ou 're don .
Yu 'll wke up early to go dancing , or tk dance classes .
You do n't mind if you go to leep lat , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jo . You must sleep .
If you love Dae , you 'll undertand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider r my best friend because I usually tell her veryting about my life .
I have a do and I am Chente . It is a lonely rtriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He kos how I feel .
My oldest sister , hose ame is Citha , is really wrd towards me .
Or the relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
Aso , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dnmic and funny .
My om and my aunt are good people .
Actually , I prefer spending my time ane . I work in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dar m .
Kat Ahby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe yu he to speak English , of course , mabe ko h to cook some types of swet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , h mot ppula food of this ear .
Another thing that we must know is how to meet with people . We are earchin fo someone who can impess everyone , also someone who can pay the customr goo attention to service .
We ed someone prpare to or long hours , because our cafe is going to op evey ay .
Th 's ll , e u son
kies ,
e
We think that in the future the paet will be in a bad condition and e trees will disappear . After that , we will have was .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . lso , we will be eating FT od . On the other hand , the Nrh Poe wl have meltd competey .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so oe eople wl de because atual disasters will be aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above reets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of hi , we have to raise awareness of what is happening ad elp e laet .
Frindshi is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
How to make riens and meet new people ?
It is easier than yo hik .
Js ... start talking !
Communication is the ost important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , hat rinds are not supposed to agree on evy single thing .
They jst have to lmly talk about it .
If your friendship is rea , you will always find a pin between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Helo ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever . I have been playing this sport 3 times a wee since 1980 . Two reasons for my enjoyent of this sport are as ollows :
1- it makes me t and healh
2- it 's a lssy game with no friction between players .
3- it exercses h mucles of you bo
Regardng the above , I advise l Rokie to start playing this pot and he will get many benefits .
However , aduls can prctise it as well an he wl gt h sam .
As citizens of his village , we rely cre but the environment of or village .
vey Sunday , we do a mutual operation where anyone can eat rubbi as well as they treat hemseves .
We clean the dirty ditces , swep rubbish up , then we bry rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recyle Inorani Ubish o .
of inorganic rubbish , we ca make a bag , a ht and ther stuff .
Then we ca sell th and get incm from it .
T crator of haen and the eth , the cretor of sous , the one who makes the ear rotate around itself and around the sun .
What we believe , as Muslis , is that we wre crated by n who does n't have any othe wh hm ; the one who created our ater ( Adm ) and created from m ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and nstructe nt to eat from te tree , but atan decived th , so te cae to this life n generations came om them n sent the prphet ad messengers ( Moss , Jes , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the sme one ) wt Miracles and evidece of the truth , to gui the eope to know who will follow he trut wich will guide tem to Paradise d who follow other pat , which wil ide tem to hel . So , because of ta we ar here to do the test in ti short lie .
Transpotation is the heat of any ct , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people refer them to articles rather than
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicls which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with te ive statemnt that there il be a ough time for public transportation in the near future , because everyone wants rivacy as wel as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Second , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible in the city or town , which mismanae routine of people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can s that there are various mods of transportation aailabe
to use public transportation .
Nowadays , people have nueros options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giing tough competitive to the environment . As a result of this , the consumer gives more benefits , like lower prices , privacy , freedom and safe travel . In addition , any auoobile company lanch new rs at affordable prices , hih encourages people to use mo and re privt vehicles .
I go for a walk to an ark every day with my old Corgi gs .
I eet many pope in the park .
I neve thought about it before . eope have so many pts .
At peak tie , the park is very evn tough e ark is huge !
Some people are ey friendly , the same is te of their dos .
B some people are very nervous and they are aggressive towards other dogs .
Family is the most important institutio in the ocity .
Evry Ember has his own role and his boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to undersan the right behavour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are gneratinal problems ; others do n't understand prnts and ve versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Prens must iv ules to ss to underline imits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrang and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if the is communication and trust , if meone akes his contribtio to fmly dutes .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokigjay part 2 .
If you want to e ht moi , you have to watch the first 3 mvis before understand it .
The ist movies are amazing ! !
A lot of acto , drama and romance .
Th ans of this ries have been waiig f this movie since the first movie appeared . It was in 212 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , it is more of a teen movie .
I hope people will like the movie because it 's very imiar to try the book . This is one of the irs movies which is really bsd on the book . The tee is very niue and original . Also , the ctor in the first movie were perfect , an I thik ha in the as vie , ey will make double e effo .
Hope you guys choose this moe ! !
It will be vy cool to see the last pr of Mingjay !
My favorite prt is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I pactise I feel I can hold on for hou .
When I hd very ad and stressed , I n relax doin krat , because it 's he kn of something that is n't ve har .
Raining in Karate is a way to forget or problems , to forget your tiig routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find hi advantages with other srts .
Apt fom ha , Karate is not just a sport , it is also an iscipine . It teaches you respect , balance , and culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is starting Kate , it is easy to follow h cla , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concntated on ha he or he is oing .
Technology is something that is very important , with without which we n n't lie .
toy 's opic is technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We se technology everywhere .
Technology is always being upgade and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , b today 's generation is influenced by technology to uch an eent th they have spped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Mihae was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he ecded to eer the competition .
They ws a e in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Frtunatly , he had a lot of friends who could lend him some .
He phoned me and asked me to end him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the net day , he fnished the registration ad and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on e door saying that t compeition was caceled . He came ba very sad and told me what had hapene . ihael lose h door and new at that moment he hd mad a mistake .
Travelling by cr is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't care about the pollution of o panet .
Travelling by bus is er stressful because the ople ush me or I ca n't sit down because the ae n't n sas for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a u that has seats for everybody , so I wo n't have to sad up .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Lk te car , it is more comfortable , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
h E or aeroplane is a good option for lng trips .
In conclusion , in reality we should have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Dea Mr Dimara ,
I am writing out a problem in my ci .
I am in Patras , an ig city in Greee .
In my cy , al the scools and some walls of buildings are coveed in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we tell sombod not to draw on the walls , they do not er us .
It is er ba or our city beaue wen some new poles visit Pras thy see these things .
Ptra is a very beautiful city ot because of its culture , and because of its onments .
Why to see ta abas tng ?
Sne we have this beautiful thing , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the olice should stop te andalim .
If there were police all around the town , nobody would dare to do guitar or to write something or to raw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
or faithfully ,
Jesyk stavros .
All around the world , pupils are waiting to inih school .
They are eager to begin a new ife as adults .
But when they ach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule , after he ina exam , they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see as in a fg .
In vw of this , the ia of a year betwen eavng school and starting further education is very embarrassing .
Finally , it 'll allow young people to av a rest ter their frs ad - work studying period .
n or even yar at school mes hem tired , although pupils do n't ntice it .
But choosin fuher education is a very important st , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondly , taking a year off would give future stunts a chance to try themselves ou in new professional spheres .
Al , you will have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
And thirdly , they might want to er their own mney or travel .
Thi yer ong holiday uld be rely heful for relaxation and gettng new energy or frthr education .
e ea is not a lon tie .
But the benefits after a year will be obvious .
I live in Sn Miguel Aloloan . Ti is a village in the unicipalit of Almoloya de Juarez in the Sta of Mexi . Because fo the environment is very important and in my vlage they ke different actin to take care of it .
People collet household trash and awai the trash truck that carrs the trash to a landfill located outside the villae .
Also , people go to collect the trash there is in the kiosk , the church or in the professional pieces in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to reest urthr information about t English course .
Finally , I want lik to nw how long he curs lasts , and if possible , the exact da , because I nd to ook my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could tell me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
Ad also , can you give me an idea of how much it would ost fr all t different opins ?
It would be useful if I could ive with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I ed to ae any plcment before statig .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after hearing the onverations of his new neighbors .
They wee plnning to stl a very recious hng fro a museum tonight .
He i n't have much time to prv thi pla a he could not wait to me it happen .
It is hs town and it is t to the tn istoy .
He called the place and inored em about hi neighbours ' rbery plan .
The policeman reahed the museum and checked the robrs red - handd .
I believe that there is no fure for public transport . using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to drease the caron gse which r affecting the other layer , people should be aware of the efct of sing public transportation on the economy and environment . Govrments shold encourage people to ue thr modes of transpo . is subjec should be issuesd in l edi to tach ad encorage peole to use t riht mde of trnspot .
Hello Esela !
How ar you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to el you about my lat summer holiday .
I went to Las Hues .
I styed about e week in the hoe of my boyfriend .
I went to a wedding .
When I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del Meler .
It was Beauifu .
And there ws a wonderful view .
Another day , I walked a walk and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
Th nae of e waterfall as Chorrituelo .
It ws spctaculr .
I had a great time at the wedding . I sept very lt .
e wedding in the morning , and in the afternoon we at in a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garae and there was a party night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
d the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important to the modern world .
In Cha , English is tok to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an ealy e .
Hey spend at least one hour learning English every day .
Evn kids in kindergarten have begun lrning impl words .
That 's a god phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to is , om people think English is superr to Chinese .
In my opinion , toug English h rat significance . English is , after l , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see ee to eye .
English oe help us ead English original wor , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Only by caracers Chinse cn litertur sn o it rillianc .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially classical culture , the first thing is to learn language .
Because if we r Chinese , why do we give up another tonu and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Lat onth I a at a fantastic restaurant , olypools .
It is small and comfortable and amous for burguers .
Woolypoos is a specialist of meals . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respec to mea , bu it is perfet or having dinner with friends .
I expected it to be more famous , betr and bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the lcation . It is a rom people and cies , and te space , which is very mal for a lot of people .
In tis ife we have many things that make us happy and maybe our lis go on .
For example , a present or a ift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got ik an tayd in a geeal hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It is my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my , we have crted a sll organization o a more healthy environment , beauty touh and to be attractive . h citizens of tw must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the twn and put rubbsh in the correct place and clean ree and plnt more of tem .
I agee ih t oinion that famous popes , uch as politicians and film strs , deeve to have a private life without ournalists following them all the ie .
It is impossible to have a person behind you ; you can not have a family , no ece , or happiness .
In In addition , all people have the right to privac and to be re .
Nevertheless , journalists a t time taking photos , all their tie , when they are eating , drinking , hapy , ad , how is their oe life and who they spe im it , if they stay wit something important or what they buy .
hs is terrible . You do have pivac , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do no tae a photo or follow the lives of their faous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to face up with it , because they will have to bear it , because they ten ave a reward in what they earn .
That is all .
od morning .
How are you ?
Come here .
G down .
Go into h rom .
e onto the bus .
Let us walk .
t us play CDS .
Let us lee .
et me in .
Let me go .
Let me e or photos .
Le me se our house .
L me nter ou cabin .
Fogive me .
rin that toy .
Brn a gls of water .
Drink water .
Eat od .
Run ast .
Stop shouting . Do n't hout .
e us ath .
nc upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated being like that because mst of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible ineviable happened .
It was a dark night d it was raining and a bg volcanic ruption burd the ground .
l of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get angry !
People jt started to evacue rapidly until it starte a big earthquake ...
Enny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to keep calm .
By dawn all of th had o out , so ty sacrd until they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to see the ueen , but no one found hr .
As they were very eligious , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
he actors had monitors watched the NT all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and wanted to tel it to Hi quee . Te que , on heari that , got very onfusd but at the same time she got m a she wanted revnge .
So they made a plan to place all ...
hnt day , when they were about to start filming , there was no one there , so they sarced fr them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , h ants d Pey attacked them from behind , aking them lav the place .
The ants won the war and they expanded their hbitat to the stuio .
No one attacked him again and they lived happy eve afte !
I have my favorite sports .
I 'm ee on playing baketball the most . I always spend mor time playing it .
I usually play baketall every day for at least three minutes e day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and I go to the stadium to pla it .
I am sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite spor .
Basktball has many benefits , not just for me ut also for everyone .
It makes me fee exhausted and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and he a goo bo shae .
I am really ca
zy aou playin it .
When I have spar time , I ftn gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play asktball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near a ports centre .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finishd .
Basktbal is a town city .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite ort .
Wh the sweeing progress of development and the boming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and oean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
From my own perspecie , I believe that it will bring an drbacks to the environment or even to uman animals .
To start with , there are a range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the roo ause is that almost all the present - dy cities are already packed with plces of esdence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the lan vailble for new osing developments is increasingly scrce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy or aicultural lan and frest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will dstoy the ecosystem , divesit and bodiversity , especially the endangrd pecies .
In lgh of the problems described above , there are various proaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of al , reducing building constuction from now on , and planting re trees instead .
ustainabl development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve before thigs worse . The governments have to take responsibility for tht .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child d I never spoken a learnt so wel as I av sine I decided to go to Ondon ne corse to learn the language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the lee that I wanted , so when I heard about ha opportunity , I sd yes .
e car is n't te st y orard for ranspot , because it produce a lot of pollution , u public transport is ettr or a journey .
It can arry people with problems .
Nowadays , in developed citis there are many possibilities o pulc transpr , like buses , travel , ubway , travel etc . hes optins re more economical han the a . His problem with is that , norally , e car is ocupid by one person , hn the car is dsined to carry four or five people .
hi situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to y something about learning the English language . It is hard or I r the following reasons :
First reason : the gramar that teacers or intiutes ech is like the Sanis languae , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the vrb in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
second reason : in English synx , the ruls fr constructing paragrphs or sentences , the vb is written before the suject , b t always . What is e rue ?
Are they e ?
he third reason :
I ve to pa riket .
I am enthusitic about the game .
My favorite destination is India because I am in hs country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Inian criet team won its first world cp and tt changed the diection of air in front of the cicket and everyone started to follow the game .
I love hs game because my favourite sportsan ays his gme .
His name is Mr. Sachn Ramesh Tendulakar , he know as little master .
Whenever I play Hi Gae , I always copy Hi Eson .
H sane , styl , shots , running beteen h wickets , everything which is mt rquired in this ame is up to h rk .
Not ly me bt alo ery Indi always folos Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he paid his first gam r India .
He was the irst player who laid a 20 test in criket .
He has many achievements , like e irs 200 in one day , etc .
I love the way he plys .
F a new , the first thing you have to decide is wat you can do beter , batig or bowling .
If you want to become a bowle , then concentrate on uning , acion , stane d , batme and concentration on leg d bt coordinatn , eye and t coordiation . Discover the shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch vidos of some of the best players , like Sachin , Rahul , r on Bradman , Hayden , Wsi Aaam , Brett Lee , t .
As heal is an important factor in every spor , you also ned to iprov your health as well .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to have you are gig to visit my country .
I am looking forward to ths .
I n give you advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will ve an impressive show .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't wear ay clothes because you can wear them here .
If you want to travel around ti iy , I c be yo gude as I have a year free bore uiversity too .
This is a modern city .
People usually come here to shop or eat .
These are man very popular lcl foods .
Yo ma le tis .
I also want to introduce my friend to you . We cn ha fun together .
Wen o have playd enough in his ci , nd yu an to fnd a j here ,
I ecommed you to my uncl 's company to gt a ob .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It ay ak a ve long me to find a job and I have time hee .
I should consider my avce .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Al I thin swimming ca ke or oy fit and it ca make people fee coo wen it is a ht ay .
The advice that I would ge to soeone ho wats to sat simmin .
It is not to be frai of war , oherwise thy migh not learn to swim , a also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn ta when you are young .
So this is the avice tha I have to them .
Dear camp director ,
My ae is Edr and I am 21 years old . I ead an advertisement in the newspaper !
d I am really sorry that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a teporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitche , which would be clear if I ell y ta my parents have a bar .
ve of my evening activities ae poble me , and I av played ay pots during my life , such as soer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eder
The ty hee I live in is a small village .
Al residents take great care of the environment .
Organid haes , where everoe clas up the villae .
All reidents segregate garage thrown into uitble containers .
Ts help to protect the environment to make it clean , af , in order to not jeopardize your various disadvantages .
In my villag there are tas cns , so no one thows rubbish on the road .
There are pejalne places where you can organise bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and hro ut al garbage .
We have the ability to se renwable energy sources , because it is close to a power plant .
Recently , , on the roof of the priay school solar panels we installed an who chool uss solar negy instead of electricity .
hy organize mnthly meetings on h nviroment , residns participate in them .
Wszysycy , reidnts of my viage , ey tr to , so that or villge is clean and pollue the environment as little as possible .
Travelling on our own is wy more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reasons to consider .
First , the bus is always stppig to pk up a pssener so , it ake oe time an expcted to travel .
ecndly , the public vehicle routes are are far than usual oute .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privcy .
Finally , there is a is of becomig a victim of thet nd ickpockting .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buing a e cr a , for the adventrer who wants to have an exciting journey and then to se more action .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , minglig and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I already amire the bullet train in Japan , which I consider the fastest sfest pbli ehile I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car more and more convenient .
public future unle they av plans to leat essen the joure time and prioritize the safety of their passgers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mieral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragrphs to support my opinion .
To bein with , extracting the mineal will be harmful to the environment .
There are breattking sighs on the utskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer .
However , it will probably disappear if the developng equipment we being e .
Next , the extction of the valuable minerals will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has ben an examp at th the town is polluted by the process of developing the mineal .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be preented .
Lat bt no est , mineal extraction will turn ut to have a profound effect , especially , on ou offprin .
To use my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - evelopd and became an ri plae when she was a girl .
After she gave up , h decided to leav d never go back to my hometown .
In addition , she has no hap memory of her childhood .
The problem is that som eopl will consider the opportunities that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown il pobbly ern much more oney than before .
It eems like a soug - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any poise of vacancies .
In addition , money is not more crucial we it ces to healt an environmental consvation .
In a ntshell , based on the reasons and xamples abo , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do n't subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the ros oud cause the dsappearance of o .
The fosil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
loal warming is a serious isse ; higher temperature mae the ic ps me .
The longer we ur our had in the sand , th rmer h Erth will be .
I am learning English to improve the geeral uality of my sentences !
I do n't agree with it , especially when they are not flying .
But if it happens , re many people ca n't get a car , because it is t expensive , n only for you , ut fo fue , servic and so orh .
Buses are sipler - yo ut by a ticket .
And wt bout tins ?
I sw a TV programme about trains in Jaan - that is the uure of public transport .
I want to be sy d nt sreas of crs like in the flm " The ifh Element " .
Brandon Mckie
Parliament ous
Cabera ACT 2509
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executiv Ofice
Carlos Alberto Mrrer Zaraga
Dear arls
Our order of 6 cnditionin units is incmplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are awre of this istke . We have a confusion about the number of air conitioning units before the telephone conversation with your secetay to confirm your purchae .
Because your order was confimd too late and the order was n't in advance , we could only sed 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in the invntory but your prhase idicates that 6 pieces wer confirmed , do n worry about it , we il snd you the remaining units as soon as possible .
We hope o kep choose us .
Yor sincerely .
randon Mackie
My name is Ce .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malysia . I 'm an energetic , cherul , hard and considerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me with all their ties when my parents are busy with tir jos .
In cold weather , I like to play volleyball . I 'm an excllen plye .
We usually organise competitions and tournments for our school .
This is my favourite sort .
During my leisure time , I le to house my parents in the kitchen .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
I eno h dirty d oily hnd in the kitchen .
With rferece to h abve , I would like to apply to the Summer Cap with my full commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as as thee .
It is known that many rt curators d artiss believe that contempoay is a good source of art , sine there are are artists that ony create bsed on ter easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philoshical design , but lot of the time they are unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is till the ld art , le Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of epty artwrs are being sold at auction around the world at extremely high prices .
Experimental rt has taken the old of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will be impossible to stop .
So n we have many coces and an infiniy of information available at any given time .
Wi hs stated , we now have an idea of how artits reae .
The sports days wr hel on Kw Chung pors Grnd on 12th d 1t Nvembr .
The weather was artly clud .
I gt hre by TR .
I arrived at the sports rund at 7:40 a.m. This year I competd in the 100-mtre ac .
On the first day before sports day begins , we had an opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang t anthm .
Afe that , the sports day begn offiialy .
At 10:45 a.m. , h irl 's grade C 100-metre rae started .
There was a funny thing when I went to Marshl .
The teacher called my name Ice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name is pronounced the same as mine .
Before the race , I was nervous .
When I 'm unnng , I heard my housemates cheering and flt the wn pasing my face .
It felt very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At ast , I wa tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great esut , I 'd tried my best .
At the en of the y , our school announcd the mak th fou huses h o .
My house s number to temporarily .
I fet hope want my house to be the champions .
On the cond y , my classmates called me to take PT in e inr - lass relay rae .
I felt really arad because I am not good at running .
Finally , o las is the first run - up .
We had a difference of 0.5 seonds between us and the winnr of the ace .
I preented my class ro ining the campionshi .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is o crret .
We should use public transport because at the present there r of cr in the world tht ollut n , unotunately , we are harmig the environment and the elderly .
It is st th l people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is me healthy .
There is othing rog wi go to a lace on a r . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but o always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so ch moe convenient , t I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is comonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced the aspcs of a century , but of who orl ?
Whether tourism has a ositve or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of first , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel around the world .
Alongsid its development , the ability to travel has become asier to an extent that it is now quite common to commute rom e conty to another .
The existence of multinatinals is tigtly connected to the da of tourism , as well as to the ida of globalisation , sine a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , urism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an conomic point of view .
ere a country , such as Greece or Ugaria , in which the economy elie completely on tourim .
If tuism iflences the coomy , it thereby inluences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it infuences transport . How ? eopl ecme more arefu at the historical ste , treby peserving them . Transpot is devloped bot on a small or a large scl .
On a small cale , in cites , in a wy which will allow citizens and tourists alike to achieve important places more efficiently .
On a arg scal , people ca travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or ai .
Trogh the development of turism cruiss a train acaions re brn .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landcape with e boyfried and er 3 daughters .
The tgr was a other named Aanda . She was 25 yeas old . The herders killed her arents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough fod to support , so they kied them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a li nae John , d he was 27 yeas old . His dad died because , in a figh with another animal , he got an infection .
s mom died because something or omeone dragged her by the eg and pulle her int a ve where the animals e her .
They died when Jo was too little to remember . He never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for her . He even walked and walked even in reverse , but he never found her .
T 3 details were so dierent to ech oth .
The frt o was named Amanda Jnio , ater r m , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 ers d and s loved to ru and she was the first in the family and d a lot of sots .
Sh is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter is named Eizabeh and was a leoprd She . as the intelligent ne of the family and the ldes of the daughters .
Se as 12 years l .
The animals gave th rewards or bous because they discovered the water was lquid .
The lat daughter was Aa , who s the youngest of the family and s a jaua .
e stay in bed all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that ever workd .
One da , the nimas we to Aa and ga r an incentive to be an atete or do something the than seeing .
The end .
Hell friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
Maybe I have something for you : I a on the bs returning home , I read a newspaper with sme avertiseents .
There is a nice place at my house : it is perfect for someone who wants to stay there for only a year .
There is a litl kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower but without bah and a cool living room .
I think that you have to bring wnte clothes with you because here it is really od !
Write to me soon
Alsia
Hello Rey , about the question y ked me in your leer . It has been hard to give you an answer because I nw w mu you love both .
as night I meet a cousin .
I think that I should give up my music class .
I have been have classes since I was nine years old and you always knw hw to play pino , so I think that you should continue doing ports , because it is important for your health and in your free time you could lay ano withou going to casses .
This is my oinin , b th decision is ous , so wn you dcde , please send me a lett tellng me out it .
Love , In .
y , my name is Jo and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer amp very well because of my good maers and I 'm very open with kids , so the can oen up and play .
My current job is as a nurse at the local office and l can do everything that a doctor can .
So , if the kds hurt themselves , then l cn ix them up instead of taking them to the hospital or small , ie uises and smile ijuies .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of un at year .
I have an exam .
That day I ke up ear because I was nervous .
Ten I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I state to ra the racs I fel agitae d I thought that I would n't be able to finish and ass tat test .
Bt we I finished before tme was up , I w hpp nd relaxd .
I always said that I wld ps tat test and I as sue of that .
Ad it is ue .
I passed the test !
Helo Charlie ,
I rall enjoy hearing from you .
Congratulations from your iser on your prize .
I would like to go to a rtis rolls competition , although in my iy there are n't a lot of ompetition of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd areay buy the tickets .
My faourie sport
When I was three years old , my parts were siing to me .
At the beginning , I went to e kindergarten and they taught me to sk .
It was a lot of fun , ecaue I could not do it .
At twelve o'clo in the afternoon , my paets ok me with him and we stayed together .
My father oo me between his nees , eause I ould s ihout fllig ve nd it w fun .
When I was older , I an ale to et better . My dream was " , but I d to learn to ki perfectly like my parents .
aer , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboarding lessons and I loved it .
I tok every free minute to go snwboarding .
That is he stry of why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are on your own piste .
Y are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the orl .
You are ry app and sometimes I sig a song and the word is perfect .
ht is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's hy I like the iner of the summer .
Snwboardng or skiing is e bs sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Also , you spd al the im in the country and , if you are lucky , you can see the goal .
It had been a ver ng and tiring day , . He felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting ar .
His pants wr worred and cale hi a couple of times .
He started alking very quickly .
Everthng as dark .
She oened her yes nd te ist tig that se sw was the bac sk .
A dark sk withut stars .
She t up d ookd around .
He wa in a par of order wer he to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
h ad to al at least 15 minutes to ge ro e house to this place .
She proble w . th ast thing she remembered was that sh had been sleeping d he suddenly ok up we he widow opened cause of the wind .
She fell slee again , did n't she ?
If she did , w would she manage to walk there in r sle ?
If I was n't awake , why could n't I remember anything aftr at ?
Tis situation is really frustrating , not to mention that ow e ad to wlk for almost 20 minutes to hoe and ac to slep .
He started to walk to learn my mind .
She kne her ay even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last fw week .
The development of the human id in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transpotaion technology , in this twenty - fist century , we ve various options , like lnes ht can ly in the clouds , trains ht are fast and I eoug to carry ndreds of eople and travel hundreds of miles and hur boats ar a gger an faster than in ncient times .
Although compared to ancient mes , we are lucky enough to have these options .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all thre , I wud a plane .
There are three reasons to choose his .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can drive faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people c have time .
Second is afraid , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are es .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or OA .
The third on is comor .
T pae is much more comfortable than bt running and batting .
In conclusion , I will s that the plane will be my first choice out of the three means of transportation .
The reasons behind my choice are speed , safety and comfort , which make e plane my first coie .
Everyone should take a year off between leavng school and startng college or university , to save money or travel . It old be the bet ard for a student who has attended high school .
Young people want to dscoer the wod travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is loatd in A Guarda d is ae O uño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The water vey ld and I could n't swim , ten I played football in the sand on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very long ti nd thn I went to a caf and I drank a drink .
It was a nie a because I had a good time with my family .
No ftre r public transport ? Is this true or not ?
Will we have ubic ransort on our roads in 5 or ee 10 years ? That is really an interesting question .
I think that it depends on the development .
o we can s that ore and more people prefer travelling by car .
e , I gre , if you plan to journey to a faraway destination and r a long time , you oul prefe to do it by cr , ecause , firly , you 'll pend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the opportunity to stop any hee and for a ln time , as you ed to .
If we are alkin about tavelling arss yur cty , uld you prefer pblc trnspor or car ?
I think this is the uestion of everyone , and there ca n't be one nser f all , because one person uses public transport , and sav in this way o oy mey , but the environment , and se people do n't like to use p.t . because hey spend more time ravelling or ey impy do n't lik to travel wh other eople .
So , in my opinion , in 10 years , public transport will be passing on strets with an easonabe number of passengers .
Helo ara ,
Thank you f yo emal .
My name is Mohmed d . I am a 28 - year- old ae from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to t GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in good health .
Looig forward to finding ou oe about o .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to ep the environment n - polluted and suitable for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to tk Ste and actios to proct the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increase the number of trees a plants and pish people who cut them down .
establish fatories outside of the vilage .
protec e aer ouces and e se .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about poution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " emo " . I go there every eek . It has different food to other restaurants . I like cripy chcke with galic saue . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my avorit appetizer is ausge d in order that dessert I like " Vade " ake wh chocoate auc . I feel at eas wn I go ere . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . Aou the sevic : it 's very good and l the staf are respectable . I ca n't imine ne ee wiout ging ther . That would die me nuts . I avis everyone to go there and enjoy their time tee . Aso , th restaurant has a relative advantae in hygiene rally . It 's excellent . The tiking thing o anyone , is hat despite all of these advantages , th prices are o expensive .
Volleyball is one of the ost difficult subjects in e wrl . You have to play yourself by using the correct frm to hrow the ball to the the si in the game .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that , I have got to know a lot of people who help me to rw up in the spt n lfe .
When I was 10 , I changed to pa th a group of gls older than me . Th were od , and I oud n't believe the experience .
Volyball is my favorite ort because when I am playing with my em , I am in another world in which I am free and happy . Apa from this , when I am eelig bad , ths is a disracion fro university .
Yu should ty pling , it 's such fn , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , bt you have to try many times lke you hold do in lie .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my ork , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do ot have homework to do .
I am n a g fan of sports , so I do t play an .
However , I sometimes do things to keep myself i .
Micael woke up in the morning to reading the newspaper .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
The notice was about a comettion .
T ompetiion wa about writing stories .
Mchel was excited because he was a great writer and he ecided to ner .
First , he found an ea for he sory and he decided to ak the tory aot pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story is very good but Micael does not know how to en the story .
Finally , Mihael ndd h story a he went to the post office .
Michael snt the stor but he closed th dor a ke at ha mmet he d made a mistake . He d n't give his name an address .
es , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there re many cmeies .
lso thee r a t of dcational hanels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things from the past .
oedies are so nny , so when you are sa you can watch ne of em .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different eprts have takd about hs questions and so there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prfr to use their cars .
Public transport is sually restriced because of the timetabes and you c oly us transport at the time th the timetale lets you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to tral when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because h pollution is less than using your car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to detemine the most of the cr than the pbic tanspot .
Susan is a little rago .
e in is colored d and green ; re dos on top of green to be more recise .
She does never d after school .
Of oure , she also has a little bother .
His ski is clred red , just ke thi fthr 's .
Dear Pul !
I hve't written to you for ages because I was er busy because of the exam at University .
Wat aot you ? What 's e in rzil ? As you know , my friend Jh helped me with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
My work consisted of mkig pess advertising , providig al the ticke , food for musicians and things like that .
I go w free V.I.P tickets , so I too my girfiend and we wr tre together .
When the concert finished , we went to the drssig room to t autographs ro musicians .
I et like a star ! Crowds of people ere waiting in front of the dresng room or autographs , but ly me d my sweet girlriend ot them .
People were so envus ... I lied it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as we . You il er god money and you have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effc !
Hope to see y sn
hn
Advertising is everywhere .
Tere a a on TV , on the radio , on bses , on the stree ...
In sit of the ange of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people tik ta tee are o many ads on television , but , is it true ?
On e oe and , it 's tue hat oe programme or see whi we watch a of metons of podcts or services .
There are are people tired of so ch advetising ntent , but it is completely necessary .
hee are a lot of products which have to be advertised and a l of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accesibl means of communication and people see the mesages in hs way .
In addition , behind one ad there are a lt of tins : one industry .
In ne ad tre are , for example , the publicist 's WRK , the companies ' investments , future sales , t roduc or sevce 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial to everyone .
My favourite eaon of year is summer .
y do I make this choice you cearly as : I have an oo wather .
e , it is true that durg summ the temperature is very hot and o an arely say in the sun because you nd up bei but by the n .
In sit of th , summer is a very good ti to enjoy the little this lie ive us and have fun with th .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go snbathing with my friends as well as having fn wt th playing volleyball or running in the watr of the sea !
I think the acivitis are ver regenerating and they make y forget about all the heat of summer .
Furthermore , you slee mor ha the other ays of ar and this makes you fl elaxed .
I really like to exlor nature during summer too .
The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
Dear UA UMER CAPS ,
I saw the advertisement in a newspaper ad . I 'm very interested in the position of children 's advertisement .
I 'm ihteen ars old and I 'm working a language translation egre at university at momet . That 's hy I need to work in order to pay my fe .
I av som xperienc orking children of l ages , and I do n't mind hard wor nd I learn quickly .
Also , I just got my FC certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I pactise my English in a tive - speaking cunry .
I consider myself really atve , socble , ell - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas . ps it would be a nce example cause I would meet new peple n experience a dffrent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hring from y on .
Yours faithfully ,
ersa Wysocki
It had en an ery log and tirig dy , and To felt he had achieved something really od .
He finally , after 5 years , in a swimmg competition .
It was really important to him because he had been running or 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieed anthin .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited his friends from the team to a party .
T wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to me too .
He was really proud of him .
She reamt of big his wife .
S wanted to be his wife so badly .
He did n't love her enough .
He wanted to bek up at at pry .
He ws aiting 2 houses for her .
He hated hat ws always late .
That is the reason he wanted to end it .
When e came he seemed nervous .
And when he saw e , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
B time was up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel lookd sadly at m , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " d left his home .
He followed and apoloized to h .
He said he was drunk and did n't kn what he was saying .
Then he huge h .
He said he loved her and kissed her frehad .
He a to say wh her because of ... e baby .
He ould n't leve her caryin his aby !
No ! He had never atd lie hi .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rt of his life and raie her bby .
He deced to gie swimming up and tar to tk are of Mel .
On da el was feelin really bad , so Tm took her to the hospital .
He flt that something was going to happen .
And he is right .
I lost the ba .
I had to make an hr decision .
His life was gon to change .
e was crying all day and Tom could n't hear it .
He broke up with Mel d It made her much more .
He does n't car .
He thought it was her fault ha h had lost the title Huma .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am t very interested in training , the sort I really prefer to do is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by e atr , feeling the body quite withou weight , able to do a lot of movements which are impossible while in e i , creates an enormous state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a ool because I was n't able to wi at l , and I want to learn .
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are not a good swimmer , you os a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in a or in a pool .
Swimming is qute hard work , especially if you you ed to learn the basic moement , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is faily simple d it iv a lo of safety !
Your efforts will be rewded with success , and you can g it through practice .
·Introdutin
His report will examine the different activities we can do in r lesur me in Catelldefels .
·Actities to ps h te
As your town is el - kown for the magnificent bahes along the Mediterranean coast and f te Olymc Canal of Castlldefels , ny foreign and local people ce ere to do activities like walking and windsufing at t bac or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are very popular and the ot expsive to .
However , I fuly recommend tem , especially for sorty , adventurous and young people .
·Other ideas for having fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that re les popul , but cheaper . For instance : free zmb masterclass , bch ga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities , the library gup , theatre ...
As I ai , these activities are nt as popular as the activities on the Oympc Caal and the beach , but their uccess is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combne the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
If you read all the activities , you will have a great time in Castelldefels !
Hi Je ,
How are you ?
I am glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come to Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reu . It 's small but it has a lot of ervice and transport .
ou av to take a s because it is re economical to pay a tax .
The s ops at Slou bus station .
We ou g off e u , o should ask someone for prng Strt .
It 's near there .
I ca walk to my husband .
So , I am giving you a map in order to cate e stret .
hs is my assignment : 4 Pruce Avenu .
I 'm planig a visit .
I 'd like to visit musems , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regard ,
May
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Uillero Sedilo Tórez .
I am an Enineer of Exeution in Mines . I qualifi at t " nstiuto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the position of Chief of Operations at the ne undergroud pojet , Chiuicamta .
In the first lesson , my qualities and professional skills sem to suit the needs of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technology knowledge to use the technologies this great rojec requires .
I am also able to lead the oeratios of h roject rsonsibly nd through work to achieve h objective and to contie with the prestige that your company ha .
My work experience is ottanding because I had the piviege of belonging to the " Mier El Tenente " as shift manager , Chef of Operations at " Mnea Andina " and at the evaluation deprtmet of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discus in pern w I am ualiied for this position .
I loo foard to a prompt response from your company .
Without further ado , I remain , yor faithfully ,
Guillermo Sello Tórz
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a go thi ta mr people are learning languages , bt is it wor learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are mr multinional companies ta ed people to speak other languages , so there means that people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to t a job in companies , or ill have or canes of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you c understand everything without complictions .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that terrible cltue .
Toy , globalization is bringing the world together . That means that there ar mor possibiities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , petry , films , TV programs , music or om other asect of the cutue .
On balane , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will brig you many benefits .
A LETTE OF COMPAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monao avenue nº2
Post ode 10237 Cácres
Augst , 3rd 201
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered o btteries , model 0054 , because my moble needs this in of attery , but I have only received one atter , model 001212 .
One month a , I ordered wo batteries , oel 0254 , on you nlie wbite .
I have a mobie ( Nokia 1214 mdel ) with NEDS batteries , model 002545 .
T deiver was wrong , so I am in a huge hrr because I need my mobile to OK very d .
If I ha no mbil , I will n't be able to work .
To solve the problem , I wuld li to reeve the batteries by express os .
he delivery error was made by you , so he said , it should be snt with free delivery .
If I do n't hear from o wihi the next two das , I shall be forced to contact my slicitor .
You ca nly contact me by mail because my mobile phone does not work .
I pe to hear from you soon and have my batteies at my ome as quickly as possibe .
Yours faithfully ,
Juli Camarillo
The aim of ts eort is to ealuate the bad points and good points of the uss opinions of the Actv Leisure lu recently .
First , people in the area have actuly found a suitable place to njy their tm through a wide range of activities and games which held creativity and efectivey and are suitable for different games .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve th users in peak ours a t trainers are everywhere and ready to give el .
However , there is only one thing hat we dislike .
With the purse of attracting or pole to jin h club , besides ts od pits , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid holding activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram introducing the proedures for Maki nk note .
eigning bank notes is the first and indispensable stp .
People should decide the bacgound olur and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
Then , silled machiniss prepare the meta plates in order to go to the next tep .
The hird step is to print h preared an otes .
Usually there will be 50 bank nes per person .
h olor will be printed on bot sides and eer ne has a unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raise .
ftr that coe the ost sgnificant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually have th qualiy ito hree parts : good quality , partially damad , and bad shets .
As fo goo qality sheets and partialy dmged t still good eets , people will cut them into separated notes and pak their toethr in order to dispatch and distrbte the bank note .
If he partially damged sheets e bad , he will be treate as bad sheets , which will be surely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diara gves t quit precise poces of making bank tes .
Even though it sees to be es to mak them , every ste nes people to be ery areful in order to produce te perct bnk oes r everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfre , the Mayor , read an article about the iportnce of the surroundigs to the health and happiness of people .
He started to talk about how he ould improe our lives and he found a souion .
A concerned population
While youngsters ue heir are trying to inform the elderly people of the village about the impotance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of their public places , making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to he .
Eay recycing
Th loca authoiies helped this initiative by creting some places for people to lev their ubbish in order for it to be taen to the recycling center with the purpose of giving life to our was .
he reuls
As a result of this attitude , sine lfrd ad the great Ida , we have one of the clanet villages in t aa .
People are worried about the future of the planet and an assoiation has been created in order to promote the care of ou anet , the planet , it is clled .
We watched Harry Eath .
elo Luis Banco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment or the " N Clod Generatin " pojec .
So we eed your help with some questions about the procs .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who r eginees and also have teamworking skills .
We also compare that they have special studs in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possil that we wo n't id noug people with hat profle , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to have him meeting this week ?
When a where do you pree ? ( Maybe that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the ualiies so you tik the staf of New Clud Generatin should ae , and please ell me if you find another different rqust than the n I told o bfre in at e - mail .
Please , provide me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñio jed .
Dear Pu ,
Wh 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been working at a center ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I l the members of Dżem and . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best pace duin the conce and I have their autographs on e latest record . I did n't have may utie d none of hm were unpleaant .
In gneal , I d on n dt , and that w checking the guest li . On top of that , I ad to help them clean the area after the concert .
But that concert was wrh my wr , so I hope I 'll be invited to their EXT evet .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I hope we 'll eac other another and I 'll be ble to tlk to yu bou ti experience .
Love ,
Dminika
Reort :
The purpose of this report is to gve ou my peronal oint of VI . Of course , I am at my branch in Madrid as month .
In advance , I would like to ask you some suggestions . I think it would be orh aking ino account o h next ouse that il ta place next ar .
First , I oul like to stnd out the outstandng classmats there in class .
ey ere not only rely on clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in ac , the most interesting means of learning any subject , even English .
Second , e teachers ha really good teaching skills .
It made to courage all of us eer day .
is why , we ae most of it d never give up improvig our English level .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays come in really handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better before starting the ouse .
However , in my opinion , he should have been at les oe nate eachr in the teacing team .
hat way , we would have been able to hear a native seker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whoe , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Ju Orozco
I am een on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
B , wh films are in my To 100 lst ?
In my opinion , Bael is a fasciatin film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline th is one of the best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different li storis of various characters .
In addition , I think that the setting are very realistic and the characters gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that dram gre lovers watch Babel as its message will mve ou .
It reveals that u feelings crs the boundris of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egt .
I am a student in degree medicine at Port - id University .
My father works as a teacher and so oes my mother .
I have a brother and a sister .
I have bee doing Judo for the ps 11 years and have wo a lot of pize .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analying information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest teachers in the world in addition to becoming a member of World Helth rganiation ( WH ) .
It is n't just a dream in my , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in mn plces , uc as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can ork ircles in our lives , so I chose this program because I at to lan and sud , I ant to knw oe nd mor .
In my childhood , my eam was to bcoe and ngieer , but when I changed my career to meicne , I realized that Alah chose to bes o me and o my personality .
When I work , I feel like I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invnt an effctive dru oe of incurale diseases , like cancr , AIS and hepatitis .
I have asked ysel mny tis is the aim of your lfe ?
An at ae the benefits of work and udy ?
But if you look at your world and realize it , it will be deserved by everyone to work so hard to achieve their hopes .
I ca found research that you can do anything at any time . In addition , a ittl ird can change life for the better .
I like travelling d visit nw plce in my account and my goal is to travel to h countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which can help and inspire me for community sevic and the devlopmnt of my socity , as I hope to come back and eah others wha I av lart .
I am wriing with reerence to the JB as the cmp ontor ta you require in the ummr .
I a our advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a peschool teacher . I have experience of looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I think it is pleasant and fun . In my opinion , these are two highly necessary qualities for this job .
I am good at working in a team too .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do think being young will be a problem .
Instea , I think it is an advantage .
Young pope are usually rd - working a activ people .
If you require any further information , please do n hesitate to contact me .
I encose my curriculum vitae with my teephone nuer . I would be grateful if you uld iv me an interview at yo eariet cnvenienc .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is thr a fute r privately owne cars ?
To be honest , I am not ur .
Although privately wed cas ae more and more poplr , ty are increasingly becoming a common aset vn in developing countries , it is not likely that this mean of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today ralize that in ou ciies on our planet there is an increasing problem of pollution .
Carbon - based fls will not last forever .
I would sy that , ot probably , private crs are not " sustainable " in e og term , and it will be necessary to revert to some rt of public transport .
Th polation - gowh forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will row by a sagering 3 bllio hman beings .
I know that it is ce to dream of a future of technology . People are arund , each of tem it their own mal private helicopte .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
States and lcal countries ll have to tackle the problem and prvide the public to a better alternative . T
he pri for idepedent transport ill ncease damatically .
I think that tht will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn how to be on time , the nice old train ould become important again .
imagine is picture : the first class of the semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher ass for the answer , students do not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Students could eceive a better , more efficient ducation if they spent 11 mohs a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , ptly because the long vacation will get students to having fun instead of stuing , a partly ecause some difficul courss shuld be continually studied .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more effiient duation if they spent 11 months a ye studying .
More reasons and details will be sed ligt on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget to knowledge they have earned after a long break .
For example , in history cls , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America bere te start to tah the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very im - wasting and not efficient .
Nt woul be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and mework in their long vacation .
For example , wn the semester stats , students can not get over the ushine , beach , ad traelling .
In high class , students will recall the joyful times they ha instad of pang attention to h teacher .
Last but t last , ome difficult curses should be continuously studied rather than have a long break .
For instance , learning Enlih shul is a daily activity . If you have long time without studying English , you could forget h vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they sen 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sprt is scer .
I have enjoyed TS srt since I was a child . I was rmemer when my father and my brother brought me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think I inheited the lve for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoyed playing ocer because when I am on the layin field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my teammaes .
Together we anayz the ril tem and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play badly , I feel aitatd , t my classmates ie me their unconditioal uppor .
That is priceess .
I know health is very important , so if you do sport there is a high probably tha you are healthy .
So , if you are starting this site , you should do it because you will really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are mn options to do the sports .
occer is not a violin sor , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be repaed o your problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing his awesome srt .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Iagara alls .
Something that makes me happy as seng my family .
On September 12th , 014 , I en to New Yrk Cy .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of fod .
His flight was approximately five hours late while I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my ucl was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Islnd because he lives there .
He had a really nice house and I was happy to meet my little ousi " Agel " , who looks just like me .
In w or I ae so much . I als went to h ity that ner sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle had an awesome chance of going to Niagara Fall .
We went by ard . It was about 8 hours .
Finally , we arrive at Iagra Falls , which looks like a ghst town .
It does not have much to do , but there wer h falls .
I was amae at how huge it all was .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uce Juan lives in the United States of America and I as very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Anl was very happy to see me and me too . We are lk siblngs .
My ut gave me a lot of presents because s said they do ot se me reqently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect acaion when I a new town , visiting awesome places like Ngara Falls and Time Square , eceied a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious oo .
Mt students attending university are away from the city where they used to live , so , they ee accommodtio to ie in throughout the studi .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and ormitories for their students to lower h ots , because mot students have a low income .
Other students , who have amil financial support , prefe to have an apartment to live independently .
aring huses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , clo to the university , and a hance to earn how to share everything it oths . Saving one nd ime will be mr obvios in university domtories because onthly paymets will be less than four ime toe f hiring an apartment , a becus tey wl be clser to the university . Svin money and time is mor eficient because of educing ransporttion costs .
In pie of all these beefts , I prefer - if I c - to ie in an area where personality is really important to me .
Many months ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months doing a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loly with me and did n't share the budt f food . Lvng lone wil rant me th freedom to live in the ay that I choose n sti be friendly it a he others wthout excee the privacy of my friends . Th is nt achieved hn iving in shared rooms .
Hi ano me .
Although the federal government , which is described as a le of the , has many benefits according to the readi passage , the lturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The strength of fderalism , which gives moe liberty to saes to have their own poicies according to their needs , is not always god o the lecture , wh it creates some conflicts between them .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals . where sm states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the eeral government le each state fntion ndependently , it still contols an ecsions .
This causes some problems . The lectrr mentioned the failure of the federa government to stop illeg immigration to e S through the Nevad desert .
Al , the control of the federal government is the reason why ac of the states and the fderl government blame each other for the ncrase in unemploymet in so states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom power , causes my problems , such as no sigl policy and confusin over esponsiblity .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any pe of TRP is exciting , but they also have their fustrating oment .
In order to enjoy travelling to Meio , I would iv two important pece of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel company and eno xican food ntead of criticising the special flavour .
eople say that on eve ourney people suffer at different moments of the tr : arrive , e wa frm the frustration of an unknown place , et along it your rael companion , succeed as a traver and arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mxico , I uggst ha the travel finds a way to get along with his or her company .
This mnimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another site .
As an example , if you are abl to get along with your travel company , you can enjoy each momnt of e trip , exchange pictures , e together , and visit places of mmon interest such as museums or malls .
Another dice that I wud going to peoe coming to Mexico is hat the eno Mexan foo .
Mexican fod h a t of tasty ishes rom different stes in th cuntr .
For example , there are a lot of American people ha do n't ke spicy food , and also , of course , could get angry about the excessive number of people that Mexican people usuall us to prepare the food .
As a piece of advice , I ould suggest you sauce with les pepper .
In this wa , visitors will be able to enjoy Mxican food with less ppper and the same delicious flavor that is so characteistic of o country .
In conclusion , I have offered to importat pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your company in order to have fun , and try to enjoy exicn foo , because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invnte and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , Scil Media Site ( MS ) is the next significant invention tha has artly replaced fe - to - ce communication .
MS , such as aebook , sends out 0,000 messages , and 7,000 Tweets a pbished on Twitt every 60 econds .
Unsurpriingly , the social consqences of Facebook and Ttter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SM in general , are not likely to have their own ersonl pivcy a her is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
Ti ssay wi focus on the beefts and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment on the potentil utur of these impicatios .
Communicating ca be achied , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Titer .
The benefits of being connected gloally to Facebo or Twitr is that messages can be transmite to reders almost instantly .
Firstly , Facebook d Tittr n be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where the neativ eelings are epessed .
Secondly , Faeook rovide the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , mesages , etc ) ( Oldmedw , Qui , & Kowrt , 2013 ) .
That is to say , hua behaviour on Facebok is interacting with others by harin their own , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Faeboo can be used as an organizatonal communication tol in business .
Kowledg about h members increases continually , and moover , maintaining relations with other exitig members , and also sarig thr common iterests via e social netwok .
( Emerld Group Publishing , 20 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twittr .
For instance , by following famous celerities , people can easily se all their daily activities which are poste by them .
However , to tis , people wh are being ollowe , or users in general , have lss personal privacy , and ls , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
However , information whih appears on Faceok or Twter is easily accesible , so everybody can easily reson as it is a public opinion .
Mostly , Faebook uers xpec their citizens to respond or attenio to what they are doing .
In ac , along with agreable and pleaant ommets , there are also smll amounts of aggressive and een racist comments .
First of all , people can post racist comments hih trge a peciic rop or pers .
Fr examle , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a posted an oset racis tweet saying that they were unhapp because ne of he ain actresses w a bla prso ( Rauch and Schanz , 13 ) .
Because of the immediate inforation through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cce - bllying , ccle - badgering , cycle - stalking bhavour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 00 ) .
r exampe , Krishna et al.(21 ) reports a continuous harassmnt of a woman by a man named Mr .
X " admitted to a ste psychiatric hospital after being found competent to snd trial on chrgs of staling , harassme , trespssing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potenially , Fcebook n Titte , and S in genera , replace fa - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more eedom or easily use Facbook or Twtte without having to see each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be onected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to ll them .
The possible outcome might be that the more time people spend on MS , the fewer communicative sils they have .
In addition , to dcrase the ris of gative commes or psts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by olving the personal privacy problem .
For example , controling what posts should be ent by adding more privacy opins .
However , despite the usefulness of the implications , people should pay attention to the fct that Facebook ad witte could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of sig Facebook and Twitter are that people ca communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily rduce their negative mod by sharing an expressing how they el .
In contrast , because Facebook and Titter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , you might express agresion about each other , because of lack of pivay .
Photogrphy class for everyone
Intouction
Teenges are constany ifluenced by soial networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pterest , c .
Photographs e ncuded on all of those sie .
Ao , this phenomenon of taking potographs is part of r daily life , because it is the bet way to captur special mmens ke birthdays , travel , special occasions , c .
As a new college subject
This racice is another of those activities that one can do without any kind of special preparation .
Howee , teaching students to apply better techniques at the momt of taking a picture should be considered , like listening to drawing .
Both slls are required in today 's orl and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
The reasons
ecent sudes show that in the last twenty years mor an 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generaion 's lie ( teenages an ks ) .
This increase is related to the overwelming development of technologies in computers , cmeras , celphones , etc .
Al , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the nowedge of scial skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
A brigt su is shiig , te sno melts away in March .
The first spring birds have come back off the course .
They are sging funny and bilding their nsts .
Pele oo happe .
They are eling tired after a lng soy wite .
We set up clocs forard one hour in March .
The British summertim was first introduced in England in 08 .
The day becom lnger than th nhts and shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clocks back an hor in October .
A lot of people are happy , because hey n sleep ( o ) o hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy face , hckey provides you with more than just being healthy or fi .
What do you think of whenever you coose a sport ?
Do you think that your lifetyle will improve ?
We re mistaken .
To do different types of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to do n things .
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
Hockey is an ort I have played for for years and it started to be my favorite .
It 's a good ay of learning how to communicate an or with people . To t it sipy ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train fi days a ek n yu ned to cncentrat a lt .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have wanted to imrov at this sport and ine 01 it has become a lifestyle for me .
W would I recommend hi to you ?
It would definitely help you to row and improve as a person .
Hockey will chan te w you see the world and you 'll try to see it with different eyes .
So stop searching for the right sprt . This one is or you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the bs means of transport for the environment .
Although people make enough money to buy their own r , electric a hybrid ar re expensive tn traditional ne ( the ones that se ga or diesel ) so , people hoose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we ve to eal with .
Environmental cr is gaining strength eey dy , from kids to elderly people .
h government and many companies measuing the C emissions which are bin prduced by industial or servc processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people did n't use public transport , they could wal , ide a be or use a traditional c , and that will probably happen when the estnation is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reue the fares on public transportation . This could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Cslada , people are inormed about taking care of the environment .
The city concil conducted several campaigns to increase the awareness of its itizns . For instance , children learn at school h to waste waste .
There are many ecologcl islns .
Each of them s the or fr knds of bins d they re not as r as o hundd meters .
There have been several plantig campaigns to pnt tres ad to lea the river Jaama 's bnks .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because g owners are motly to meet .
Since 2008 , there are mn bke aths across the city , so citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will ceate ess pollution .
The organi aste is picked up every day a plastic and paper waste is icked up every thr ay .
The mo important thing in environmental protecion is the education of children .
Ou plaet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take ve the problem .
A robem hich a caused by us , uan eings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effect .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make an effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a cttge and we have several bins which are cassifie according to the material we want to recyce .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people to bring us materials to recycle .
Te procees are given to several organiations which take care of the environment .
My sist eaches people to do things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is used to making such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It is this kind of thing that can have a send life .
As soon as h ast riv ends , the southern bodr of Egy is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civlization , which is over 6 thousand years ago .
All histoians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
And as for me , I totally support the pnt of VW .
Egypt is a in of river civilization in the huge Saara desert .
Throughot te , he Nl s been the ol source of water for Egyptians .
Furtermor , the is in the water level on h rivr els eople to realize the possibility of epanding the ra of fertile lands .
Th Egyptians called ter coury ' Black Ln ' to mar it off ro the ed il of the dance .
Nowadays , the dee and wde valley of the Nile has become the most important rasport line fr Eypt .
Through the century , people have been exploring the nature of te Nl .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into thr seasons compared to dry or t period .
They knew whn it would be the ' ren il ' or ' Red ile ' to sck up it clean aer .
But uch a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
A gat nube of dms wre bilt on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egypins still live far from the main water atery of the country and can ardly fn clean water to drink .
But I hope , as long as Egp is evelped , the government will pay attention to the cologica problems that high lvel .
When most people thi about an imporan historical lae in Itay , the tik of Duomo , in Ilao .
But the duo is the most important .
I am sure you 'll agre ta it 's h Colosseum .
For ceturis , this building has been h symol of this site .
It 's quite ncint , but still fascinating for thouads of tourists , who come every ear .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Ran eperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , o wee kiled without pi .
In addition , several ars were repesened in order to elebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruied through the ages , ut ow people understand the importance of taking care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remids us of our PT d our traditios , which we should n't forget .
Howeer , t all people a wre of it .
It 's ou strength d every tie I go beyond . I eaize how many people succeeded in building it .
hat 's h it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to pursue our dreams .
In the fast movig world , transort become an important factor in everyday activities .
Eerybod needs a mod of transport to earn their livn .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient ode of transport , but ms of the population can ot afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
First , to discuss the bnefis of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Usin public transport is a waste of time a the fat th there is no privac are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its disadvantages and disadvantages .
o everybody can affrd a journey by cr as it is stly , t to disuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy when travelling and it is convenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sm up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have eual advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the M in this city is suc a convenient metrpoitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there r always such a ruin people have no public awareness at all .
Th occupy my sea , including piority seats .
Furthermore , many of them are students .
They do n't rspec other passegers , but they keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that om people have told them not to do is .
Moreover , I think that providing water for elderly people is lo a problem .
Priority seats r reeved fo those wo ned the , nt ol elrly people but also me adults need tem .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies are uncomfrtale mere om ter appearanc , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Soe people even criticize him for ocupying the sats instead of ofering the seats to someone else .
Mreover , some o eople might take his considerate action fr grated the migh eve and young daughters or students to ffr tir eat without maers !
In my opinion , e trasportatio in o city has nothing to crticize xect that .
Everyone huld develop tei awaness of public manners .
eevision is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , and films .
TV a ay beneis :
First , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with them .
TV acts as a catalyst to ge ki reading - following up on TV programs by gttin books on the same subjects or reading authors whose wr s adapted for e programs .
Television can help help children improve valuable life lessons .
ductional programing ca delop young children 's social and learning skills .
Ns , current evet and historical programs can make young people moe awe of their cuturs and eple .
Documentries hl evelop critical thinking about the old .
TV can help introduce young people to clasic Hollywood movies and foreign movies that they ght not otherwise .
Cultura programming can oen up the world of music and t young people .
t telvision als hs negative efects : First of ll , children w spend a rat dea of tie watching television et less exercise .
In additio , the children receive ocialiation the other children .
Teleison lo takes aay from early time .
There is also rue for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with cosulting and sales of financial proucts ad services or an international bank , in the mass market and small businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acqisition of the DVIC to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sale relationships in the interests of ustmer tisfaction
I have also worked ith large and sma eams in back - ffies , and many dmnistrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , conabiity and invstments .
I worked for several years on the acquisitio of new customrs , to provide them with a comlet srice , from the account to insurance products , investent products , personal loans , revolig credit , cross - selling poucts .
In my ears of work , I have hond my skills in managing non - standard ituatios , aalzing the problems , findig and implementin practical and eas solutions .
I have faced severe situations and always with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in an ultiultural ad ynamc team .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , copeating with colleagues to achieve the goal by provding my skills , always being willing to learn , resectng other points of view and indng ays to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to try and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My usand has en lving in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunie my family .
I like sports such as skiing , ridg and wimmig . I 've already got a rscue licence . I work as a lieguard in the sume hle studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowadays we a op at ubic transport to save the old .
en we se all the cars in our yard , when we are in traffic jams , we ha ne dy we will have to leave or c and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
But , probably , is situation is only he period of the development of transpot .
We are tol about a lot of innovtion in this sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlobile .
abe robs will be be to dive re iteligently than people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemp or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to aid transport .
Not all people like the da of Googlembil .
Many people think it means their independence .
But other people think that it is n't so bad an idea , because they will be abl to rik in site of the fa tha tey ae drver at the moment .
However , there will always be people who like being a driver anyway .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which ort of people have more mpact in the orld , d , fially , who will decide ?
What languages do you speak ?
Have you ever thought of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you ant to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are a few lessons which show why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
irt , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language . It means or trip eair and more comfortable .
Second , or finding a good b opportunity , business exchange is icreasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some vle to your prfil and you can get a high salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , At the same time you are also getting to know culture , ettng to know a different culture and society different from you . It enriches your knowledge .
Ov the ear , there are mor a mre terrible incidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , een foreign meia , we can easily figue out the the environment is changing seveely .
Many scientits infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of human grd .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable lfe , u orget to protec and cherih the Earth at the same time .
Technologically dvaned countries have cleared a great number of foets and land to build tal buildings .
Various fatoies ei exercise cron dance into the i .
the examples abve will increase the temperature and make the Eth warmer and warmer .
The hger the temperature nrease , e wore the quality of le is .
If people around us do n't more emphass on our atura nvionment , we will have a ak and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people cul even have a water shortage .
Wthout enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and roug .
In hi situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more laughing , hatred and sadness .
Everyone will live in despi , but be unable to find the entace to brightness .
These terrible consquenes are casd by the men 's unsatsfed hearts .
Friends , from now on , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Eth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangrous people , the real danger is if you g discovred .
When people find that they have been deceived , that their trus was betrayed , they 'll ll .
Yu has to be pecise , fast , and a really good ctor .
The passion for te cse is e k to survive .
It is just something that I ha to do , not ou , not r , me .
I did n't choose that . This o hoe me .
ea i or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bah lieguad assisant which I advertised .
For the las o yes , I have be a membr of the swimming group at e university .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable canidate for TS st , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I compleed the first aid curse , in the Red Crs .
e job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do t hesitate to contact me if you should rquir further information .
I am available to tted an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
ebastián Hernándz
In our modern world , people are suffering from stress that sprgs from life conditions .
In addition to tis , eope are working in vr stressful wrklaces and they want to leave this condton ding holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that oliays are t be ption for eole to renew their soul and revive their spirit .
Duri holdas , pole and get away from daily problems and also spend more time with their finds and faly .
In this resect , people prefer to go to national places with their failure in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the easde or swimming in t a can be helpful to forget hard lie conditions .
On te on an , hoiays the best people in ems of thking clearly about the experience in le .
Pole can review their decisions ding holidays accurately and helpfully .
For instance , in srssful life conditions , people can ke b decisions about their future .
Besde , people understimat emotional feelings in their wrplaces .
Te eaon is that people ust comple heir tas in order to ear oe money to mantain their lives and they forget about these eotional eelings such as love , helping people or thinking special thoughts .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays people lose and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet heir relatives that they haven't een in a long time .
At the same ie , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to rnw heir spirts and souls .
They pray to o n it is a relief for people .
hen people remember tese emotonl and special ubject hey and become more hpy . This is ecause people need to leave the material world .
Dring holidys , eope the time to evew heir mitakes tt lead to a terrible if .
In conclusion , hlidas re very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful lfe conditions .
As , holidays are really helpful to eviv the spirit and the sol because people have a chance to e way through modern life , which is full of ateial sbjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and lcal councils of big countries such as Mard or Valencia are trying their best to proote this movement because they onsder it a way of developing .
On the one hand , there are my benefits to cycing .
irstl , it reduces traffic problems , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 missions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mod of transport .
On the other hand , there are so many issues , such as the increae of danger on her face .
Satistically , cycling is genally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
nothe disadvantages is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to ycle to a strong wind , freezing weather or having to ep drinking drinking hot water .
From my point of view , cycling conributs to imroing community spirit and it is pssibl to look f solutis to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one cn ey that travelling by c is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
For example , people taking their car do not eed to pend tim waiting for us or suway .
Ad this undesiabl aiting time might not be so short during holidays , u to less frquent sceules .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public tranpot is perhaps not able to ech .
When he is croded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a on istance .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transportation should o be ignored .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more passengers use ublc transport , the more car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , I have studied how evidce that there is a strange relationship between car exhaust and lung cner .
In addition , public transport plays an important role in protecting humans beins from suffering diseases and saving lives .
ecod , public transport saves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our itis are becoming larger d ore crowded .
Corresondingly , the space fr ech erson is becoming more limited than before .
If every person in a car a rater had public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose hat u streets would become car parks and everyone would spend more hours in congestion .
Last leat , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible than driving .
riers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense mo .
o a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
People ca listen to music , take a pon cl with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
Although there are many disadvantages to public transport , that does n't mean that public transport is the best choice for very situation .
E.g. , it offers less lexiility ha cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to consider that one mode of transprt can replace others .
It is better that people are awe of thr po d cns and choose a uitble ne .
Languages or e treasure
Should we learn other anguges ?
We are in a world that changes from day to a a person needs to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to earn languages .
On the other hand , it ould allow you to communicate it popular , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without lnguage barer .
Als , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has been something essential in or lvs to find a job .
I think a great diadvntage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it tnds to be ar and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy earning .
r francisco xvier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 01
Dea USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I ha had a part - tie time job as a babytter and I tae ae my 11-year - old brother very often .
I wrked in an Easter cmp o , and I ae leady organised a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
It is f tes rsons I tik I av the kills for the JB .
I can be contacted for a meeting at another address .
I hope you conidr me or Jo , rdrigo
Today , I went to inni 's house with Ariana in the afternoon .
We at delicious ood and play interesting games together .
We have a great tie .
At 2 o'clock in the afterno , we arrived at Nnie 's house .
First , we listened to some sons , such as " Almost " and " Big B World " .
After a minutes , we a t .
Winn really loves eatig , so I can eaily find a lot of ood at her house .
We d moth - watering strawberry ckes a uicy aple juice f e and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hde - and - eek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hi ehid a bnh ad Wnni looked for us .
Suddnly , innie fel ve a itle stne .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and picked her up . '
Your nose is bleding .
Are yu oky ' , I asked .
I was shaking like a af d my heart as pounding because I a wrred bout Winie .
I h utterflis in my coach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' innie rplied .
I fet relieved .
Then , Ariana found a later a pu it on Winni 's won .
Winni felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I am happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
h ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
at an unforgettable da !
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
The hoe of the future will be b and bright .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided into e zones .
elaxaion , earnng , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the ous of the future , there will be autmatic curtins reacting to he liht in evey house .
Television will be cordless , as as at event internet .
Your house will be exible .
Thanks to ha , it can pand or contact .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Wimming is my favourite port .
Why do I like swimming ?
We swimmg long been an Olympic sort . It is an individual spor , so it depends entirely on the wimmer 's efforts , but you can lo enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitons .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any grade , b cilren c start to earn money as early as two years of age .
Simmig has different yles ; dolphin , rawl , backstroke and beast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weht reducion if you are obese in order to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for athmatic patients , because it strengthens their high muscles and decreases the vulnerabilty of those patients to respiratory inections .
If you want to start to arn im , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and tr to be part of a group of your own age .
Hello Ul ,
I enjoyed helping at a concert in Antaya in Otober .
I have a great time with people working as a lper at the oncrt .
I got a lot of experience from that .
During a concert everybody c enj , temseves and nobody thinks about o they prepare for a concert .
I saw so may iteresting thins durng e preparation me .
For example , they know everything about ach assistant 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
I want to xplain to you some interesting pat of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we wee excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but to do our jbs which we would be giving .
When we were using the computer , we id work aring for ll of us .
Two of them started esgning the stage , som of them checking sound volume and lights .
My job was checking t sog li wic singers wod perfr .
I think it s the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
Te wer always wanting to change some songs which were on t ist .
During the cncer , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
tually , everybody was worried because ey ha gie heir ime and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and and the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to describe that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because I was tanding all the tie .
However , I like to be a vonteer on enjoyable pojects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have an time , please come an e ow we prepare for the concert .
I am writing for your email .
e ou !
Technology is chging te wa we live in ay wa and how we rcive information is probably the most affected .
Regaring advertising , technology have a huge and not lwas positive impact on outdoor advertising .
ro black - and - whit d psed in public places , we have moved to practically being surrounded by otoor ads placed in ery aaiable and imgiable spots .
From buildings it enormous and brigh crees to interactive buses and signs .
Te ecnt development in mobile technology alw advertisers to offr private advertising to ea of us .
I 'm ur ht in the very near future , if I have been looig or restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mole at hm , on my wy to wor t ads on the bue I see - which of course will be screens and ot printed paper - will ho images of Mallorca , or an ad frm tripadvisor wth Mallorca in it .
It will it me sometimes , and it will eve be seful , but I 'm also ue sometimes I 'll find it aggressive .
T ay it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of brigt screens , no matter w beautiful or artistic pictures dispaed ar .
Advertising might be considered an r , or let soe pieces are really artistic , but placed in e wong pot or sown at h rog ie , hey los her artist id .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivook .
So tha I cold ive mor freely d indepedenty .
If I had hi house , I would decrae it in an odrn stye .
I wuld build a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming ol .
If I ad suc a house , I would like to insta a barbeu ara in my garen .
I could invt my friends and relaive .
Togeter we cou spend te in a pleasant atmosphere .
hen it coes to my faorte spo , Tenis il alys be my answer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting and it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which is very challenging .
When I fl tresed t , I away ly Tenis to eleae my pressue .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you ned to get a uitable racket first .
As e prove goe : If you want to learn something , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
But , you re rqured to learn everything basi sill step by step .
Ice tennis requires a lot of basic skills . If you do n't learn the important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , fndng a good teacher is as critical .
A skiled coach can teach you the best skills of tnni .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on h sreen ?
Can you imagine ving only tw channels and n playing the whole a ?
That was 30 years ago .
An xploson of channes arrived in our houses in the eighties .
In his rport we will see the same characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
In our country , ne cade o , hen digital TV arrie , a lot of channels have flourished .
All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute the shows .
In order to resolve our budget deficits . Toa here ar manly wo TV groups .
Fer chanel means fewer choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where d with wo , to watch th or the television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
Yo jt cck on it .
They have to edce their budget
Desie changing terms , we see the same news .
B broadcasting grups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to kep jounaists and cameramen all around the world .
It is chaper to by it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to comee with the Internet .
Nowadays , ny national or national bradcastig groups can be in high competition .
Perhaps political reasons help to prevent a budging deficit .
However , h fc is th hee is a countdown on them .
De Mrs Hopkins ,
I have see your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to eprss an interest
to joining your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-yar - old student in Switzerland seakig German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
Fom several trips to man countries I have made so far , I wol s that I already have some experience of travelling abroad .
I am interested in joing your roup , because I like meeting people from other countries and I would like to explore new ountries around the world .
r te years I have been in a scout group in which I av learnt a lot about different whether to fid t way or to orintae myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitble to oin yu goup because I like travelling and I would lie to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It as gd to ar from y .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I am not oly the nglsh anguag but I want to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trp on my own , so my father will p up me money to help me .
u I wanna in a jb to he him ith the bills .
n you give me an ad wi ha ?
You can also help me to find a healthy place to ent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambride University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Thank r l for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bet ises
João Matos
Hi Joh ,
I am looking forward to seeing o .
First of all , you have to go out of the airport terminal .
Ther you will stop us stop in the street .
When you get ter take the bus which has uber 111 .
Then rode to the bu to " Zlčín " .
There you can get to the unerground stain a travel to the centre of Prae .
If you cose this a , I 'll call you in the oning to tell you whre exacly we will meet .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because he undergroun is quit bori , ut it is cheaper .
Anyway , you ned to get to the centre . I 'll wai for you there .
Finally , the water orecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usually at this ie of year .
Tat 's w you do n't have to bing wa clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing you oo .
Best wishes ,
Jco
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing momet in order to do work better than before .
First , we can discuss the type of fod we want to a .
Actually , students at a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to ook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do ho - mae od , ad a od iea fo the mai crse is : baked ptatos , steame vegetables an , fr dsert , apple ca .
On te ther had , we are studying architecture . Mae we should choose a special restaurant , ie a charming and comfortable restaurant with a t of windows , with hair , tab and walls , a me or les elaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dier , and I think that we should vote on ts , because we ill have a good night or not eending on the type of atmosphee we choose .
In conclusion , I think the te of food and atmosphere is very od f us , bcase nrmally we speak about books , work and studies , whether th his type of environment , we speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know someting ew about ote classmates .
I would like to go to Foser 's Hollywood .
I ove he od her ad . I think my classmates are ill too .
You can t the best burgs you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cok tem .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I c ot ay ha they are like because you have to tase tem .
It is a flavour similar to being in eaven or in Aadise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely lve with a very od flavour in your mout and a huge mile on your face .
You will want to go ak another time .
However , if you do not ie burgers , you can eat any American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who eaten another mel .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern - y society .
Mo thn billin people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , o meeting relatives , going to school etc .
May vn se cars .
Togh traveling by car is more convenient , it is expeive .
That is because the co of etol dies and gas is qte igh in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport , save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save e money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As the have scific routes across the country , to , cities and villages , it elp people to spend less on shopping or restaurants on hgways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with this statement because , in the future , we are likely to have only two clases in society : the rich and the poor .
he middle class is dsappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of ig tax on girls .
So , I believe we will ither have public transport or people will be as they were in the stone g .
public transport is ev oo r our environment compared to cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading boo and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versons .
I gree about this point of view .
I started to think that there is nothing bete to reading a bok .
First , reading helps you to become a well - education person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's because while you are reading o ar gtting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
Yo c imagine what he looks like , o c imagine different scenes when the acio taks pla .
n finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily ae your boo ith you and start reading night y night .
On the other hand , if you like being in omany , the best thing about y is movies .
Because you can watch them with our friends .
Also , any people coo moves because he ie soundtras and special ffect .
It 's so exiting .
l These factors are not important to me .
I think tat boks are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really tiring thing .
A irl wa walking home one day .
She was with her mum . .
She 's just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl saw a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a dress , hite gloves and lack hes .
Jut lk her ... ''Mum I ve ti dl ! Culd you y it or me ? '' h ai .
Her m cold n't fuse her , so she bought it .
Oh!h gl hd so ay special omens th her do ! ! They seemed so adrable together ! They were like wins !
After some years , he girl dided that she d to ov .
e ws eighteen ear old , she ad to be independent .
So sh took a deep breath and put e doll in the attic , st ik hr childhoo memories .
At ight sh heard some repy noises from there ...
She was there and there was te dol with a knife in her and . ' ' Bell , why do n't u pla wth me anymore ? Are you bred of me ? Js because I have only n eye ? ut o removed the terrible one .
Just in case I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you id it agai ! '' she creamd .
d then ...
Next a , gong om , her mum wanted to fid hr dance .
So , he went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a senence , ' ' W did you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
You ust have to al wi the ga .
You can choose lots of pace to play .
You need a gd pair of sos , a tennis racke and some bals d a person to play with .
Although you might be good at playing bachan or orehad , y n lse in the end .
hs spot is not just about physial power .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
It is a combinatin of physical power , tecniqu and mental poer .
Lie other sports , tennis is gettn more mode , faster and more commercial .
I am a professional tnnis .
So children want to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is n air .
Children should play aes , t jus tenis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical ealth and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
You can either find a professional coach or just join your friend .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
My name is Anra Cocc , I 'm sixteen , and I saw an advertisement for weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In ct , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Ialin , nd o us fod is everything .
In Ial , I attend a school for water and cooking , and sometimes I oo lasagna , pasta , piz d many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm ls good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was oungr , I was the aimato at the summr cm of lpignno , the ity where I live , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I always work or maybe those companies and I am so good and kind we I talk with other people , including if I do n't ow them .
Finally , I 'm as repared to work long hur . Wen I wore with my aunt in hr af , I ored from eig a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every a .
I look forward to hearing from you so ,
Andrea Ccci
ssa
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the ro n con of studying English abroad .
Is it really woth learn your counr for a period of ie to study English ?
It is ue tha ging abroad ca on nw int of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to jud ow ll or badly you are ding .
Besis , it can be fun and enjoyable if you do it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be aranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it cou become a real nihtare if you do not focus on our learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages otwigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some money sav o it .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you know .
You can talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online , such as Skype and others .
Football , an assion
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those . It is a sport that I could only imagine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport wch was for men , not for girls . Bu oc I ied it , I ovd it .
Have you ever had bou playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I id it ith my classmates were all OS , so I started to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to iclude me when they played , and nowadays , I oe playing fooball wih them .
With some other woe ad I have started to organize femematches , so I am mr sed to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so kn on football , no it is rt of my li .
I think football is a very exciting sport , a ta everybody in the world has it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to pla footall , is that you have to be ready to receive se punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping centre .
I ave en there tic , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oen " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern estaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and id .
The nteror is big , so all the class could be inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and ozy , and it 's o some great traditional British objects .
The FD is one of the best higs in h restaurants and is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different ises , traditional and modern .
The hav lso got a lot of different types of salads , pasa and pizzas .
The desserts are very good o .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desert .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we t there by bus or by train .
I thought th was the best place to go to at the end of the orse , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people sully go there .
Te meia acompan fmou eople , such as politicians and flm tars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public fires deserve to have their own lfe , without being otographed .
On one hand , becoming an ubic figure is assoiate by journalists , mass - media , flashe .
Famos people e bligated to liv their lives in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
People r thought to be jealous .
They notice a kind of failure .
It seems to me that journalsts are totally TOIC and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , mny stars sell their pivacy to earn more and more money .
The vlue of tei lent and abiities is measured in the aoun of tabloid scndals .
Sumng up , all over the world , there are famous people ho do n't bring their lies into the imelight .
It as always been vy usefl since a lon ti ag . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people wo a whether if public traspot was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
First , the main reason is ot , because people who do not have a eed to tael or commuting to another place is very expensive .
Cas needs to be reaird . Beids , if you have a car , you have to have some ex .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the city .
Secondly , another reason is glba armin , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you ca cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel with only one bicycle .
Finally , the lat reasn is convenient , because if you have a ca , it is so difficult to fn a pakng spae in the centre of the city .
Besides , in soe citis , car can not be prked in soe places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are afraid of global warming and hink about the high cost of hain a ca .
Personally , I am o used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
We are liin in an ever changing world .
He 's new things because things he past in a few months .
is an example of modern technology . The latest house , with the laes configurations becoms outdated ithi a few months of buying it .
50 years is a very long time a people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive cang or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology made made leap ; interne and mobiles made us oe connected .
Today , we have all of information at our fingerts .
Toy , we do n't have to worry about getting lo in a new place . Googe maps are lways easy to hl .
We do n't ed to memorise English words today , as we n quickly find the meaning of ny word on or moils .
Meeting ew people or eling your parents , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything n be managed through virtual laforms .
Today , life has become more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress made made through technology .
On the other hand , terrible , global warming and red have become the top challenge of today 's world .
Clate ange ue to global warming causing natural disasters o and then .
Trroist activities cause havo in public life .
h corupion and greed of people in owr make it difficult to trus people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining beter les or people 50 years hnc is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a to . In the right nds it will be a bon for us , but in the wrong hds it has the per to destroy the orl as we know it .
To hom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve my English . I 've a positive and energetic personality .
I ead your advertisement on our website and I immediately thought " That 's o me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering whether I should be the right person .
That 's as .
I 'm a tivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a scial traer and as an educaor since I was 16 .
I le doing social activities and planning events .
When I started as an eucatr , I used to plan and manage some sors and outoor activities .
I have really great memory of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
If you are interested , let have a look at my CV .
As you reuested , I attach it to hi lettr .
st regars .
Personally , mobile phes are very important in my lf .
I nee tha dvce ne me because I have three children and I want to know how and whe they are .
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their heat .
Cocernin vdo - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brain to develp , but it is important to upevise the , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant programs for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet for my work , for research , or gool iformation and also connect with other teachers , seak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developent mk us improve for the future .
Friends should always be ke a show always beide you .
In the of jyd sorrow .
othig is impossible in life , b it is n easy to find friends .
Tt does mea you will eve find n .
It is very important to intera and scialise with people to make friends .
The more people you meet , the easier it will be for you to have a friend .
If you find one , spend time with them , share views , das d go t with them .
Fends do not have to agree with everything you ay , ut they should share their view about it .
T Gurdian is a British daily newspaper which inlues natinl and international news .
You ca find a variety of articles , such as politics , Bsines and Money , sports , ultur , education , Life d sye , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertiements for jobs and onations to help individuals .
Readers are able to xpres their opinion .
hy use good quality English which avoids san .
As a result , it is stable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to fficil anuage . Ther wee also a hue nuer of commercial advertisement which makes t readers bred .
Overall , the Guardian is onsideed one of the st newspapers in the old .
oadays , in the modern and rogressve orld where people are smt and the ecoomy is highly developed .
Some people think that we need tblt compters instead of boo
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometie , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I otice the gaets have ecoe ry usel in my ife . It seems to me to be a good opportunity to mae u ie easer .
Also , the make us cleverer .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in everyday life is good .
People do carry a lot of books in a b . uil can n say that he forgot a boo because he ooks on is alet computer .
Many people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe it is a useless thing for our geeration .
Such people re sure ha electroni things mk us stupid .
They inst on no blets in scol .
Personally , for me , I lie books very much . When I am at home , I e books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not disagree with people who think that ables are useless .
We should thm b we must not forget about bos .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies ad r to make our lives easier .
h g itake
This day was full of o ad happnes , but something ent wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about his news ad she thought that he would be happy as well , b ...
At the mome when she od him tha she was pregnant , he froze .
It was too much r m .
He thought it was aser to walk away and have ths conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It as weird o many questions and doubts ca into his ha .
One part of him was really happy , because being a father was one of his biggest dreams , u on the ohe ad , he cou n't hande the news .
Ts wan , who was standing next to me , was his grandmother , hi fture wife .
He should be happy and hug him a celebrate this good news .
But somehow he dd n't fl anything .
All that he flt as axiety .
He oud n't hande e eeling , when e tried to toh him , to ks n h im .
He knew h loved him as much as he loved him , t everything was ut all wron at this moment .
His voice , his mle and even his body was won on this moment .
S could n't understand what was going on , because it was ju three weeks ago ht th ad a conversation about KD ad faily and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
nd now , he was just voiding her and he s ot apy but the ew .
It s a big me .
She w re the appy and he could n't handle ti es .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for m .
He stod up a si to his grlfiend that he eded a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed t doo and knew at that moment he had me a mitke .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and how I enjoy the event .
In fact , I do ot like to do sorts all the tim , but if I really eed do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the small pool is clean .
For example , after swimming , I have a sf d a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do t like to go to the bach . This is because I do not le brigh unshine and an .
Third , swimming in the oeans is more dangerous .
However , I like to go in the swimming drin the umer .
Actually , I do ot know how to swim , but it is my favourite prt .
Moreover , I think before doing a group of sports we should do some exercises . ha is because we ed to relax or odes irst . If we do t do that we will be danerous while we are doing sport .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in life d Almost all people need to do it , as we should be at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in twn to prtec the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the that Caceres is loated in a pasture area where local farmers have been beeding sheep , cos and pigs f centries in spite of high weather conditions such as high tempertues and terrle drought in summer .
As a result , our other resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain acti campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importane of reasonable use of them .
The local government is also a serious action aimed at creating gren areas in different places in or around twn where citizens spend their free time or ev doing sports .
That 's the reason why it as been rking on the recvery of som areas which e nw paks or recreatonal areas .
Finally , the town s also improved the management and treatment of waste th active cooeraion of most of the citizes , which is really onerned about the rcyclng of waste .
In ct , aund 90% of Caceres inhabitants ar sid to sort ecyle their ubish , taking it out to the ello , green and blue containers in every store .
nd that is a negative oit . These dumpsters are visible and it would be avisabe to exhang the ones we he fo derground on .
I woke up oay d I suddenly remembered that I was doin a presenttion bot landscapes , and the one hat did it would be rewaded with a bous point , ut anwys , is is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the hose and there was no one there , just me .
I got scared , so I searched for them outsie in the sports .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed amost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
I think the reason I dd n't know about the expsion is because this part where I live is a very or area and it 's tha beautiful , so you ca n't dstinguish where the explosion ht .
Finally , after me days , I ound so neighbors with some foo . I was starving to deth , so I te a ot .
We made some decisions about ls , ut there wa totl conflict , because the gro noticed that some food was missing someho .
I think that someone wa stealing some of the food in the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the law .
The next moring , I a a piece of steak and the gou was talking about some creatres who were walking around seekig to kill and eat us .
In the night , I wa thinking about this and I heard some noises .
I stlkd him and it semd that he had an MP .
I stopped i and we he turned around it was a woman from e grou .
We were talking about hs when a dog came ner ; it was adorable , but suddenly he turned into a great weird creature .
He i my leg and it hurt a t . We tried to alert the others but it was too late ; it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eati o friends n th fd .
In some ways , the fact that he stole food in the night and I was up was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportuity to revers the trn of h I am doing I would not do it , because I have to fe all of this .
DOING EXECSE IS GOOD FOR YR HATH
Wh do you like to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain whle exercising ?
Do you no that 75% of people in Mxio do n't do exercise ? This is a big problem for your society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an imprtan thing to do in a heaty and happy ie . While you exercise you fel wl in yourself and in your ody .
There are a lot of enefis that go and in had wt dong exercise , lk reducing or taking control of your weight , it hes yu with ert dseas , probem with your by , and also you can ak a t of rends while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are t of different tpes of exercise . You can practice pot , li soccer , sketball , baseball , or o c simply go to the gym or do Crosfit or something like that .
Soccer is a rat sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's n't easy to control the dribble your rivals on the field .
I ecommed ou racise any sprt you lie and enjoy every second you spnd execisig .
Thanks and stat ow . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about whether public transport will diapear , although we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the r is re convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and he underround , you av much more comfortable and see .
There is a perception that a car can give you fredo of choice .
On the website of the Scottish Government ( publcation " Yong eople and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer being in the car , it 's quicer ...
hre 's ot as many eope around you ... I prefer the car because you a isten to music as well . "
Although there are many positive pots about private cars , there are also neatie ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic conestin , and it is very expensive . " On my wg , evn the driving lessons are epnsive .
Then just owning a car and looking fer your car , insurance , ax , etc .
biously , it would benefit me if I orked in Edinburgh , but I do n't ork in Edinburgh .
" ys a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by pbli transort is a caper ( we do n't pay an are on public transportation ) , ut also , it is aer .
According to The Saigo Times , there are a lot of raffc accidents which ivolv private cars .
The mi reason is tha he crs ' owners r drun whn driving .
It is clear that if drvrs took a b or a taxi when they were dnk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in t wrl , such as Enland , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have a public transport system , so traffic jams ve decreased .
As a result , the ecoomy is increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Toic :
Do you agre or disagree ? " Alwas teling uth is the the most important thing in a relationship " .
Disagreement on always telling t tuth ein t most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth can be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not eling the tie is if it is about a personal matter and it would be awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is ette to tell a little white li at the moment .
To furtr illustrate the fit point above , it could hurt someone 's feligs by talking about something at times .
For example , if sme wom y are acquainte is wit wearing inappropriate clothes o fitting t ccaion .
People usually do not tell her h truh , sic it could hurt her feengs .
Instead of doing so , pele my aise f other things aut her .
In that ae , they could still make conversation without spoiling the mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal matrs . People usually end to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at WRK or even people who one has just got acquintd wi .
If tre an uestions about things one does not want others people to know , ey mgt tell a little lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I had a day to go to the octr , I would prevet other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errans to do .
There are two opinions whether on Ellin the trut or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at cool playing happily with each other in the lasroom .
When we were in e class , suddenly Michae waed towards te oo .
Michae closed the do ad knew at that mmet he had mad a mtake .
Due to his , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand how we needed to meet the headster just because Mihae had lost te dor .
The door was n't broken piees or fallen down .
My curosty go me ino big toule .
I asked the headmaser in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen as I hoped .
I ended up getting exposed to the choo because the teacher and o classmates spected Michael and I being stolen or classmate Sally 's alle .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak o .
I finally realized that everything was a rap and we were unlucky and inocet ns as we fell into the tra .
We ipd away our teas , and wavd our hands we we left the school .
Although , later the headmaster fund out Ruth through CCV , we were eager to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , and if we go bk his time , similar things could happen next time .
This is because the teaer has a biased mindset .
Dear SA summer camps ,
My name is Iaca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for e job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very iportant and communication .
ls , I have an oo relationship with a little kid . I usually look after my niees and nehews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Mreovr , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspet of my character , as I can invent new and entertaing aes for the kds to have a great time .
I like watching puzzes or games which invole running and jumping . hch is important for kids ' development .
I am not very bad at cooking , but because I never have tim to dedicate myself to that .
I think that if I watched and leat h to do it I would learn very fat and could master it .
That is a good quality of mine ; I earn a very fast and I can get up to new things .
I am very excited about my job and I hope you will sn .
Biaca
a nmber 8 .
We wee rea to go and nd t othe . We went outside the sheer We ha bit ad wrote on a all na to the shelter " sfe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find me suppls and ao to see .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a l of pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick t we could n't do anything except fr kep going . I was seeing my little gro diminish and soe of us were # llergic to som plnts I wa the only one tha ha no prolems with ll t other stuff eple had problems with .
I thought at mae my genes were totally immun to he infctin . I could actually be t # revlutioary guy tat hes something that was in my # skepick and I was really positive about it b , # notwithstandin , I wud n't actall sacifce myself . I have to thn abt whether it is better to help th entire world or ju sv a gro . The decision s in my ands . It w # conventional to help the etre world , ut I do n't want to die . While I was thnking about tht , we oud a bd . It w he familiar bod of someone ha was in th group . One of tse us we wanted to in , a aiv n ed . His fac as l rotten and atn away by t walkers .
We neded to find someone who was still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . Th # bate agaist hungr started , everyone was hungry , and we had eaten everything in a day and that could lead us to two things : dea or eate aa by a alker . So we needed to find something tt was a # nuritonal fo whic we could eat with no poblems and be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rst a take a shoer to clean ourselves .
We went back to the pharmacy . There were no walkes inside , so we went into the pharmacy and closed the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed ome rest a went to sep immediaely .
In my area there e a raila sevies and they 're ofn vercrowde .
But private raffc in hs town is yet more resent , as a result of that urn is h to of FA , the well known factory .
Nr to your hom , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you ne to live .
When you have to pay the tlephoe and energ bills , you cn do n't in any tbacc ho near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are ome g supermarkets , which hold many ites of the main great factories of Europe ad byon .
As in all industrialised countries , a conction to the Internet is provided almos r eah ea and ach buildings .
Finally , taxis are available and they run on their own , but this service is ess organised and deeloped an the English e .
hee is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , citizens or people who work in the music industry designed to have a private life , deserve to be nde ostant observation .
To my nd , there suld be a bndary between paparzzi work and the pivacy of mous eple .
In my opinion , ig stars should be able to rela and have some riate te .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one wh feels comfortable en unr surveillance of people who ait to take pictures whih sow them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , it is a kind of ceebritis ' ' wok ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable atmosphere of life without journalit following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life witht the ey of a camera should be an opportunity to live lik nrma , o - famous people .
I know tht cthing a celebrity drinking cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is hockin news fr people o read tabloids .
To my mind , they do n't believe celebrtie e normal people like veryne of us , ly wih more oney in bn ban accounts
So , as you can see , I gre th the staement that famous people , who are recognizabl , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a nrmal le should lo be given to them .
h ze Runner
I recently watched a film based on one of he bok by a world famous author .
As I have an interest in trillers , I decided to give it a try .
T pste of the im already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch thi fil .
Th im starts by putting you in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - l o who is himsl imprisoned in a cage and being transpoed to what is seen to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he oon reizes ta th is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a gorgeous and mysterious maze .
The eope who are in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and dfed themselves against the mnaces of the maze .
He to the role of rune , the person responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an ext o of the place .
Until they nly had enough time to eplore the maze , as the sun went down , it became very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you ath it , hvng it exciig moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the mae .
I hatily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenalin whie enjoying an old story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many mo . What I love about it is , first of all , that , all or mall , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , baicaly , it is a lf - ong sport or veryone .
I love the speed of volleyball . he time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably is something . Each contact happens in half a second , and ill ver player detets the location of the bal in that amunt of tim . An en there 's he intensit . If you avn't se a gae , go untl 32 - 30 , a e the energy on the floor a hear the noise rom the crowd . You 're mssing t .
Persoally , innng such a t makes me feel like I could do anything , t when I do n't , it still makes me want to .
I am always trying to jump high , h hard , pass and set bete , and eve in more different ws .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very ren .
People there are very rendly and helfu .
It is a good place to live .
One per week on Wededay , rubbish is collecd .
Of course , arbage is sold in different bns .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
l My eighbor collects garbage in the same way .
Evrybody ares aou clealines in front of houe and in the area .
Especially in springs , there are a lot of colours and pleasant dos .
w Elham has beautiful pks where you ca relax in e busy pac .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Blk Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the tn volcano slops , and I found that restaurant wa just the place I ate in .
There are two rooms , a smoking room and a no - smoing room .
The surroundings were ustic , yet it was still el airy and csy . e waiters were very riedly and informative .
As I was atig wth my friend , oeno , and is father , I managed to saple a good range of items on the menu and I rally ked the Channa be . It was very asty .
All the ingredients are clear and of high quality .
The price is n't reasonable at all , because te me came to about fort euro per pron , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
B I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the ma is a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be bk for other els .
Drugs is a topic wit a o of contoversy .
You have en present in your society for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed a om exapes of sbstances are real wll - kow to all of us .
Legalizain of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization in the illegality of this activity .
Also , this illegaliy is reponsibe r h attction of rugs because the majority of people start usng drugs because they are oun and rohibition is very stiulatig .
The ral problem is when this entertainment becomes an addcton to and destroys our lives .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal ug to have fun , eoy themselves wi friends or just to try te , and I do n't believe that ehaviou is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and be very careful that it is nl something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some pope are ot able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalizati of rus meas tha they could be taabl and we know ho t taxes rk in o country , so I do n't know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
Th sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saui Arabia . I 'm n na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an ex on Thursday , so I ca n't meet y . u you ca pick me up from school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is rely easy to fi . Go straight ahead onto Alameah Stret , ten un right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the ridge , you 'll find e school on your right .
So excited to meet you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
First , Spai is a great place on Fr oliday in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , dpending on the reon , it could rain .
If you want to experience some bautiul snery , you must go to Barclona where you will be able to see La Sarad Famiia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambr in Raada , which is one of the even onders of the World .
In drid y an go to viit som muems , ik h Reina Sía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see som ildife , you must visit Cabarcenos Nional Pa in Cantabria , which is like a ittl fari park , or Doñana Nationl Pak , where , in that period , you c see some miraory birs .
If I were y d I had a whole mmer to enjy Spain , I would stay ne wk in eah place , and I would ret ar in order to travel between the cities .
I recommend you to wear warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adián .
Art Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is two years old and is a typical American cld .
He hs yelo kin and has big eyes . He is black and he got sik hair .
Bart lway wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing f at is to be the most popular student in his school . r this result , he is always misbehavng .
His parents and the school principal often pnsh him .
Bar is an energetic levr sudet but he is also tired and he hates nerds .
lthogh he is rthe naughty , he tually h the heart of god because he helps his sister hen nee him .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are funny .
A lot of magazines say Te Sipsos is the best caton sers in America and I am absolutely old .
For me , Brt is funnir than Mer , although mos magazine say that Homer is the best character .
It was a rary , rainy Sunday morning .
I as n't in h mod to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I would n't get out of the house for quite a hile .
Suddenly , there wa an evy knock on the do .
W on ath could that be ?
Who would have even thought to pay me a visit durng this bood wul weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , f the man on my thrshod yelled : " I have a lete f Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter in months .
I opened it and quikl scned the text .
At first , I had observd the letter cauiusly , but then I ntced my uce 's ne on it .
Although I did n't t him a singe time , the letter was his last wl and I learned that I had inhrited a good amount of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mnd instantly , and I son began to orry : " What wil I do with this aont of ony ? "
Wl , the task I have chosen is about the ton ere I have en livi r the last e years .
Actually , this site is loaed in the middle of ills and a river with water .
I am very worried about the town where I am living in because everybody in this wn is not bothered about the ubish things do every ay .
First of ll , they ery irty by picture .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of clean .
So - called people of good natue ae iactie a talkative and gossip bot others , not doing anything or he improvement of their own ton .
A e ouseholds nearby the public roa trow dirty things way asil and do n't ee bohr bot h der of the muniipality .
I see this during my morning work .
What I ee is that everyone who lives in their own suld at las eep clea their own fon lces and sides surrouns them .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak wit my felow citiens a look or their fedback , but they ar ao the same in nure .
People now are self - ctred and very narrow - minded .
Though they are becomng so - called educated , in a real sense they are still savages .
ar M. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peper Caf r a ma wth colleagues and I saw an advertisement fr a j at weekend in your cafe .
I am very interested in this job and believe that my emplymen background is suitable for it .
I am a Touis student and I ed to work at weekends to py my studies .
I worked f one er in London as a waiter in the Hard Roc Cfe a 6 months as a waiter in Bacomi 's Cf in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , cosumer care and working long hours .
I know how to pepar different types of food : sandwichs , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc .
I am lo very bad at dealing with people , I never ha a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at wekeds and also in summer .
I seak Spanish , English and Eran .
Please , find a copy of my CV , hih expans on my experience and chievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possiility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient o o .
Thank you for your ime ad consideration .
Yours Sincerel ,
María Luisa astaneda del Acuna
Nowaays , public transport has become an an tpc .
The ie of Abndonin pblc transportation is widl supported in developed countries , TS IEA is rjeced in developing countries , like he oe I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased in the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of traveling in their cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even orse , the idea of having time in a qee .
Nevertheless , there is another side to this rality .
Here are people wh are not afraid to have their own cas or maybe are afraid to travel by other means of transportation tn the nes povide by the old government .
There are countries where it is so expensive ta people choose to fe other than pay r a ful ak .
Smilarl , people in countries with a lower incme turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their oerll expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the use people make of it .
There will be contris in which there will be no ned or it , and others where they will need it as long as their enomy needs it .
People ne easy , st d cheap soutons .
In English , uing a ca is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's us near our house or our office .
You do n't have to go to a taion on foot , carryng ags , or suffer because of the rain or th ow .
t if you are lazy , tired , bre , or you imly do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : yo cn rlax , listening to muic n loing arund , or reading ewspapes nd bos .
Is a car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
T tffic an with cars and buses to the same extent .
Sometimes cr are faster tha uses ; sometimes bse are astr .
Fas trains are lwys faster than cars .
Speaki about mny , travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider al xpense ( buying e car , paying for insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so hep .
In fact , in every aspect her pros and os .
Wh about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is efinitel better .
So , even if driving by car can be re convenient at a personal vel , public transport should be preferred by gd citizens and strongly suppotd by the government .
Informal ette fr CE ( AT 1 )
Dear n ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
of my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I ca assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , hover , that this job will meet all your requirements .
In my cae , the only opportunity I got or such activity was on the 22d of July , and they allowed a relaxing at the festival .
Hapily , you will et the hance to pratise yur nglsh sils .
In my work , I have to translate a lrge amon of text , and also help Elish touriss to et aond .
If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you 'll probably be disappointed .
A I was asked to do the rs of tme w to take phone calls and make coffee or ourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't wrr about having a nice holiday if I were you .
Whe you decide what to do , do not hesitate to tell me ow !
Take car of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tog f Mihel .
Thi whole bsinss h started to get on hs nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the ette .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the on he is in lv wh is Mali , not Angelina .
The one he dats is Angeli , not Malia . That 's the problem .
He ca n't play Angy us like that , they 've been friends for years .
he 's not d .
n he had to put a so to this without huring anybody .
So , yes , the decision is made .
He 'll rea up with er .
Probbly , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The dr of his room was open . He was out of the bahroom with just a towe around i wis and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a ligter or mches or something to ligh a ciarete .
I ca n't rally y why he ene up having s - perhaps , at ti he as pissed at himelf fr n having the bals to get the irl he loved because of all these religious isues , Malika 's family , d so on , bu tha is hat happened .
n hat definitely was not the right thing to do .
At th time , he dd n't reale tha .
Only afe , hn Anglina left , Michae closed the door and he he knew he had made a huge mistake .
ar r or Maam ,
I am trying to ply fr the post of smmr camp counello currently advertised on your website .
At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I think I 'll get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , Gema and Lish and as a counselor that is very handy .
I am very used to dealig with young people as I worked at a sou camp st year .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a eek I would go to a loal club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and wel - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertainment people , which might come in very useful in my rl as a summer camp counsellor .
I am also a ccompished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifguad .
I heard a question from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to dicus my suitability for ts post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yur faithfully ,
XYZ
Wel , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seveteen years old and I 'm an electronics student rm taly , in the north .
I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard ine the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I nd to know it if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
Sool is my life : I std about seven hor a day , especially mth and eleronics , which are subjects I like like .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
he bg prolm in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time digging nohig at choo ad , I think , eve at home .
The thing that most annoys me is ta tey cy ro me d the other students all the time .
Hweer , I do n't at hem at all ; hy a ver fny nd kind people when they wnt .
Coming ack to my dream , I would like to continue on with my studies in Lodon , at Imperial college .
I want to be at a good English level , because yea I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into high school , ven houh I know that it 's ery difficult ; t Imperil college of Loon is n of the most important universtes in te wol world .
Puerquitour : A eat experience o you muh .
Noways , it is difficult to fid people who enjoy the foo as much as I do , because of the calories , the ios thy gig to ai , and l that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico one month ago and I met an old friend from hgh Sool , Vicente .
We discovered or found ith od ad ' e erquitour ' s bon .
Thn a bainstrm about meals and plans to visit Ben .
The first a sared on an important date … Taco Day !
Tacontento was t pae we ose d . We really enjoyed alambre al asto and gilled onos , accompanied by cod beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to shar , the second day we shared it with Iana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Aga , we ate taos , but this time thy er special .
e am of the place is Taco La Chl d tac ar gourmet there .
Tis means that they have different flavors of tortlas -vailla , strawberry , hipotle , noal , ad alnu , among others- n salsas -tamarind , uava , ano , guacamole , etc .
Th y d nt en t tacos . Afr a wak in Reforma d a long puse in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theater to watch the movie Reni hile we cpes .
e third y was one of my favourites . T pae is soooooo nic n e deration n ev te attire of t watresses like in th s .
La Pp Guaa , which is place in La Condesa , offers ake potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
highly recommended !
r Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was h lation fo the fout day of Puerquitour .
The seafood is delicious . My recommendations a beded shrmp , fish fllet and shimp Al Pastor and coout water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more acos . e pace ? … El sadero idalguense .
You have to be staring to eat a mocajet by yourself , it is just too much f e pern , so if you do not tk breakfast it is a good option , or o n share it with amazin cmpany , as I did .
Do n't forget to as for a litr of ee .
Alost a wek into the Puerquiour .
The other day was to celebrate the final test of Mga , a friend from high school , who had already resented it to gt an aster 's Dgee , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in e S , and that I was going to the UK .
Because we like oo , we celeraed by eating in Memels b .
You ca n't go there nd not e memelas , which is lk huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
h dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Beause c w amst with a oo in the U , we spent a day together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gormet sandwiches and ros petal tea .
en we went to a boo fair and visited oe booksors donown .
The pan w to have dinner at Hlaria Gastrobar because of al the good cmmets about it , but that day it was crowded , so we decided to t at El Hueqito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The last d of the Puerquitour was rounded off with my favorite dessert , a strawbery cheesecake at Sabucks a a long tl bout everything and nothing .
I lo to spend time doing what I like and with the pope I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitou ! ! !
These two characters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young man known as Pip .
hi child has been raised by his sister , a erso w mstreats ip nd his own husband .
Sady , Pip has no fortun at all .
Moreover , he is just a regular cid with an erible life .
Besides that , P sem to be a h a intelligent cld .
He does no complex wrds when he tals , but he uses tm he he narates .
Aso , is lie would be perfect to complete a dark comedy bad on the undesirable lf of a chld who only feels uncomfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to fl sades reading these chapters n , in the n , like Hi .
At leat , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a go ending .
He looks like a god boy who livs in hell and Dil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true prtagonist and the y of telling the story is the reason why the str n connect with the eder .
Finally , t Arrato is our protagonist , bt telling the story as an aut .
And e auto does not try to describe t protagnist with words , but with action .
The narrator does not give any description of the protagonist apart from i na .
Also , t narrto mainly uses direct speech , u he only ses indirect speech on just e occsions , wh reering to is n words .
Ts exception c be read at e ed of the first apter , where the narratr nswers the thief , writing that he aid that he wul get he file , d tha he would et him the broken bis of food he could , and he would cme to the hef at e Btery .
Apart from his , he just writs exactly what the characters aid .
The vice is in first person and uses a private point of view .
He nl knows at he es and he thin about it , but he does n have any omniscient power .
However , his power could be analyzing and desibing the situations with a rch vocabulary and in a refectiv way too .
Aso , he describes is aents in a hlarios way , imagining his father as a suare , stut , dark man , with curly bck hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted ad ceativ thoughts are spread through the text , companied by more tisted reflections , like at the end of the first hapter , when he describes the man who rbbed him as a mn afraid of he ead bodi in the graveyard ju because he saw im ugging hiself .
Bide this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , livin a a an borin le that ushes them to abuse our protagonist , ith the exception , of course .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe the characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
Atally , we only know that Mrs. Joe ies to make hr brother and hr brother suffr and se worris bou ht their nighbor thn about r , other tan woying about the people w lie in her house .
The narrator descres e as a woman who has earned a good eputaion by being aggressive towad her little brother .
A We ko thought Joe was a good man because the protaonist described him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , bt that is all we knew about him .
Also , the way the children talk is supposed to the a the narator wries .
In fact , the dialogues of eh character are ot longer than more than two sentences , with the oe exception of the tief , who talks about his artnr in twelve ng sentences with complex structures .
is kind of structure is wdey used by the narrator , but the characters usually tk in ort and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an etract of the narrator at the beginni of the second chapt :
" My sister , Mr. Jo Gargery , was oe twenty years older than I , and d established a great reputation with herself and her ighbours because she had brought me up " by and . "
Havi at that ime to fn ut for myself wat he epresson ment , and knowing er to have a ar d eav nd , and to be muc in the habit of laying it uon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Jo Grery d I wr both brought up by ad . "
On her had , the diaogues were shorter :
" Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're going to be let to live . Yu knows
What a file ? "
" Ys , ir . "
" Do you kn what ttles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the naator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses ih vocabulary , using a lot of mental erbs and abstract conepts that are usually inspired by other things .
The marsh poned in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were sad .
The thie aid " Who d'ye ih ? "
Ths is written as it is aid , main it mr Reaitic .
Notwithstanding , the way the novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious wa , telling us what hapened in a realistic story - ine without flahbaks .
The story is naratd as it hpens .
Th second haptr makes reference to the first and reveals omethin about the thief .
Alo , the slow health is adqate .
Narato revels in so much about himself or the other characters , ut he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the TXT .
Th tif disapears , but the frs chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about hei next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know hw the story will nd .
Too much mytey and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this sty wil not have a happy edig .
Proaly , the teacher will take P on an unknown adventure hat will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyad .
Li is another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyad .
I would like to ead a story without tale ; about a regular m who died when he was learning to le .
Obviously , this would be difficult as h arrato 's voice clearly coms from a prsn who lives while he is writing .
This is obvis we he made reference to h ft hat phography d ot ist when he was a child .
Cnsequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to ll what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
If the story has a happy enig , then the central thme could be getting more dversties ; if not , it is a sa story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
He has been waiting so long for his day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological grandmother .
She ad non was aoptd sine 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
S d n't feel bad about it because I loved my parents very much and s lt oved by em .
After her 18th birthday , Anna had a sudden desire to know what happened to her bioogical mother and why she was Anna aay .
After finding the adoption parents , she contacted the adoptin ageny .
h convined h lady at the ancy to gie h the name of the biological mother of " her little sister wo h a disease d need to ow if r bologial mother would be a atch r a kidny trnsplat " .
ve thgh it was illegal , the lady gave her h nae d the contact phn number of Sar Fieldn , er bioloical mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial tat numer .
She hit several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a wma iked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not y anything , she could not hear any sound .
But at ten she said " hello , my name is Anna and I thank you as my mother " .
After another few seconds of slene , Anna heard her mother crying and asking for uestons .
They agreed to me h net ay in the rk .
She as ing to have so many answers to so much queston .
Anna would be able to finally close an imortnt chapter in he lfe a th is why e ew ha it was going to be a very special ay .
The st exciting y of my life .
Last summer I wet on holiday to Sardegna , in Itay , with my family .
On the first a , I was angry because my parents did n't teach my best friend , llria wit us .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Feli Sanman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna nea my hoel !
I love m and my daughter ws to me , but I new it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to their hotel , so I a ute sad .
Uexpctedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw sme people in the distance and om cameras , but at me I thought they were making a video .
hn , I ralise t o at the cene was n't an rdinry by . He ws Felix !
So I went toward the crwd and when he saw me he siled .
I was really excited !
Ten I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
He styed there a few hus and I pet t es day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he le I w a but as really happy .
This is certainly the most exciting d of my life .
L'Albero , the Best Pizz West of Italy
One of my favurite restaurants that I am lway hungry f is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photoraphs of the world 's best pizza .
The spc is family friendly , a pleasant place to celebrate a birthday or mt friend .
My only complaint is that there are o an delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To sart , you must r t Rose Wind Salad . It 's a frh , flavourful salad that is eved in a mad of piza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordern of thei pzza ; all of tm are mde fesh to der in their authentic Italian zza oven .
Beides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
Th taf is very helpful , explaining th mn to customers .
Also , he is an incredibly chap . it 's around 12 euros per eron for different dishes , drinks d desrt .
I thorouhl recommend this TERRFC restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great oo at eve better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the est places to visit in Ublin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a srvy of people from Witehall College as well as my opinion as a permanent rsident in he are .
It seems that the majority of those surveed are of the opinion that the best place to isi for young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities , like museums , a cnma , a vey lrg green garden and many pubs to choose from .
Te Johnnie ox b was highly recommended . It offrs an opportunity to listen to traditional music , and dancers perform and enjoy an ice meal in one place .
T Odeon cinema ffes a choice of ovies in 2D and 3D and a discount for sudets on Wednesdays .
T Dublin W Musm was supported by many students .
Sveral ople sai ta e National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to mt and spnd ime outdors .
On the other hand , there are activities to take in and many places to visit depending on tudens ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that eple everyone lives watches sports .
Srts tar eig admed by oung eopl and can iprint a model of behavior on the mds of t yun .
In ts essay , the sides of the position statd bove will be analyzed before my w perpctive is provided .
ro one point of view , op athlets r gd mols to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of thltes , teenaers start to esir to be like their idols and to follow professional sorts .
His men ey wl at playing sports , which is essential for his health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches prceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something e als demonstrated by professional sortsmen .
His is a god example for youngsters to follow .
Frm other perspective , sometimes , professional athletes r no god roe modes .
Firstly , sports has become business .
ay sorts of stars are concerned about money and fame .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and family are an important part of sports istead of learning how to play well and having the un of e game or competition .
Secondly , there are those ahletes who behave disustngly .
For example , soe take drugs or cheat in order to n at any cost .
It goes without sayin that this kind of behavior sends wrong messages to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in eard to professional sports as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional atetes can be excellent models for young people , as long as they represen the positive apects of playing port .
Dickens a the Brote sister ue the same style : alistic ste .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dicks , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters , the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Carlotte Bronte often use a frt person narator or the oit of vi of the protagonist of the story .
hir real is different : in fact , Dcens ' style is tht of sentimental realism , in which he mies patho and coey , like characters that tnd to be caricatures of the vice and viues he ishe to portray , while the Bronte sisters us a realistic sye lad with Romantic and Gothic elements , lik Byronic ale heroes an femle protagonists that ar psychologically complex .
e grph illustates the different sources of consumption of fs and oer me in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of given sources , the ovrall fish and mat consumption ranked at nearly 60 grams r peson per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 soures eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risn over the 25 year period .
nly fi consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and endng at approximately the same evl of 52 grms pr person per week .
Both lamb coumption and the h category labelled beef d a declining trend between 1979 and 04 , although they maintaie a great verall , with am consumption alling fm a pek of 50 grams p person per wk in 179 to just over 50 gam pe person per week in 200 , nd eef consupion falling from roun 2 grams e pern per week to ju over 120 rams er pson e week .
Chinese consumption was the only source of mat consumption which showed a stable increase of 50 grams per per ek to the high consmptin of 2 per person per ek .
veall , it is clear from the raph that sme sctors declined , others ose , and one emained stay over the 25 yr period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Dtry Lavrov .
I 'm an ostdoc at the Russian Cancr Rsearc Center .
Our lab works along with Alexis Ervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he visited Moscow and there we were having a conversation . I said that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a posdoc office aboad .
d since my great interests is to develop my sills in icroscopy and igita iage anaysis while working in the field of cell bilgy , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Or conversatio with Ales and your publications all suppo t sugestion that working in your lab apparentl wl proide aluabe opportunities to master methodological and research skis .
not to mention the paticipation in an ionering stdy .
My work is dedicated to the study of changes in cel - cll contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplasic transformation of epithelial clls .
Erlier I had a publication in PoS ne ith description of dissimilaritie in the organization and reglatin of dherence juntons associated with different tyes of acin bundles in norml and transformed epithelial cels .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - bindin proteins and actin soform which adheece jction in norm and transforme cells .
In the course of this investigaion , I have btaied soe promising rsuls which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Par at the beginning of September .
Ao , I 'm preparing material for the next publicatn .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a py of my pae are in the attachmet .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a cy of my ppr are in the attahment .
I am writing about an important historical lace which is my favourite one . I am reerring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed it very much .
I walked through t o cit , through the beautiful squares and arks and I visited numerous churches , including the cathedal .
There are a l of places in Lu worth visiting .
For example , o can walk around the Roman al , whch w eclare a proteced UNESCO World Heritage Sit in 000 because it is the only Roman Wall in e orl that is complete .
I ink that Luo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants with y et delicious and delicious dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , many traitional paries and estivls take place .
Among the most important I mention Sn Roilán and de Lucus .
From 4th to 12 Otober Lugo hods i S Froilán Fiestas .
San rilán is a festival of National Touist Internet .
This festival is dedcaed to the iy 's patron sant , and it sows traditional Galician costues and folkloe .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During the festival , Lugo ecmes e 3rd century town nc again , so y cn s Roma ircus , Celic weding , rtsan markets , many musical events taking local people and visitors in period costumes , such as gladiators and Rom Emperors .
I ecommen ou vit Lugo in Ju because Ar Lucus is celebrtd .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Ron le in re Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places a festvals which ho and perform recise periods of the history of Spa , such as the Celic period and the Roman period .
The biggest ci , biggest problem .
The twn is the largest uban agglmeraion in the country , producing a large amount of waste daily . "
City X " h no specific waste isposa la , but a federal law establishes a due em util first ly .
Despite that , there are are fw plans to increase the green areas and revitaie the town .
The city is triving on implementing new measures to hieve the Council 's oas .
This analysis will nsist of evaluating the Council 's eco - frienly proposals .
In accordance with the afoementioned , the amount of arbage produced duin h yea 20 and 2010 ore than doubled , 86% of it discared nadequtely .
This is due to the low effect of the " Rcycing Worms " progam on the dispoal problem . "
ty X " incierates ospital waste , in accordance with legl requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage podction to recycling fatries .
The recycling factories av a jint vnture with the municipality to store waste , and as a result , 20% waste the last ear .
The proram represents 2% of the emlyment in th ity , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it lean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote prpr disoal in the public aras .
Another important one is " Let 's mae it green " , responsibe f ireasing the great area within the city by 5% over e ast two yea , consistng of a combinaton of public and private nestment in reforestation of rua and communa areas .
A late crucil ctivity are the " Green Cmmnities " , usually carrying 38% of the total amount of vetables onsumed in the metropolitan area .
A munipal waste polic that inegates private and public setors and the community is required to solve the cuent problem .
The city needs a job venture to support a functionl and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
he increase in green areas represents a signiicant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED repor of 21 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Mst of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , whh cn be resole by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a ye FF between leain school and studying at university , because you can have ls of experiences .
For example , you c tral to new aces .
Another idea is you cn work , ou n find a job a earn ney fore o start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they ee to have te to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you ave time . I oud like to go to As , Thailand or Chi .
t you have to earn oney if you want to travel , so you first work and then travel .
Yu can find work as a waiter or in a sop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after finh school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good da al , especially if you fi a job elaed to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development aks people bleve ta in the future everything will ok lie in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrnded by machines and robots .
We 'll have the opportunity to choose on which pnet we want to ve .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's hms be different or til the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The avant - arde and futursti designs of houses will be the most desirable .
The hses will he , example , the shape of a sphee or iglo .
Se of hm might be tund side down .
Sometimes , there will be some kind of a modern atmosphere and it will be hard to describe the shape .
n what about interiors ?
In our service there will be mre macins robots with scientific intelligence .
The will do basically everything : clea , OK , remind us what we have to do d sea ith us like an odinary han .
In practice , there will be no normal furniure , just machines waiting for a cmmad .
Evryting ill be artificial and uncomfortable .
Ta 's ow I e the home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to atten lt round of interview next month !
I ealy hop to work th somday !
To me ur you get the positi successfully , there is some sful advice and information you might need to know .
At te iterviw , laving interview with a good impresion is of great importance . He ae some ip on how to do it .
First , resing as appropriatel as possible .
Businesslike sts and ie fit in well with the orml occasion .
Suitable ress cmes crss as effective and rliabe .
Second , being punctl .
Interviewers have to cope with a tiht schedule every day , so they ar n't willing to spare one mor minute to ait r a cdidate who 's late somehow .
Tir , being prepared .
As he ld syig gos , ell prepared is al done .
You 're expected to know somethig about o company , sk prpr uesions d communicate effectively with iterviewers .
If you have as much knowledge about our company as u an up frn , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've appld o th les assitnt osiion in the sales department , the sales manager will be inteiewing you .
He started out his career as an accountnt , but he was fed up with developing wt numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with her and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the sae department .
He o promoted vry quily because he lways brought orh new ideas and helped the reform and development in the depament .
In his eye , what ounts ot is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he must ask you se questions like what you achieved ad w u lt about your la job .
I he wa I mention above will be of soe help to o .
Looking forward to hearing from you sn .
ots of ov ,
Is
er S or Madam
I wri in connection with your advertisement regaring jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Sice my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , d I am enerally emed cheerful , energetic and always working . I believe I am a suitable cndidte or the aforementioned position .
Additionaly , as a teenager , I supervied a Wolf ub pk of eiht- to tweve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for him , such as treasure hunts and chases .
oeover , when I was an udergraduate , I spent my summers working in the clege cantn as a kitcen hep , d progresse to the position of cook .
Because of the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the o .
Yours faihfully
I found it qute difficult to find an area of improvement ien Andr 's outstanding oeall performance .
Yet , ften , beng ovrl respectful may play gaist i a , although he has given the respect of al the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than en up attempting to cover everyone 's back and takig ownesip of other people 's istakes .
If I had my own language school , I would firs bear in ind a mai gol : aising public awareness of my language school and the situations it will rovie .
hn I would srt athering sme nformaion about the market , tha is to , soci trends , ppulation staistics , uh as age , gender and family ype , potential ustomes and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able only to identify the stregths d weaknesses of my product ad to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' neds .
After that , I would ask for a list of target markets and devise soe strateis to attract them .
For example , if my goal was to increase other people 's awareness , som strategies could be to introduce olne social mdi presence by posting regular updates about my language chol on Twittr and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my job was to increase aduts ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensie courss could prove successful .
However , if he taget mother were both young people and aduls , ofring discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
e la st would be to recruit a group of professional , experienced qualfed teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable pre for the services I want povie .
Last but not least , I want ts ideas and approaches on customrs and taf to make sure that my rketing plan was successful .
nd y ?
Have you thought about how you could promote our language courss , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that nuclear gas dillng rigs , natural gs pipenes and ndeground gs storage contibte to the increasing needs of local communities .
People who live in h areas of natural infrastructure earn fm a e to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a development natal g industry equals jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploraio n etractin of sle g will cate lots of nw bs in very different branchs connected with the gas ndutry . o instead , in exploration , mning , production and distribution of shae gas .
We must not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this nfrastructure will also ceate job vacancis .
Een if companies hire engeers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will grow in the number of job psitions in the gastrnomy and hospitality secors , as they need to ea and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural inrastructure , there will be cnstant development in gastronomy and hopitalit secors as well .
The Kociszko Institute ondcted research which how that Pola n benefit from extractig and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annuall .
Through panning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Chosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
Tere e om travel estnations tht definitely tnd out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waes and the friendly locals are not the only things that pat off other islands .
Santorini als h a volcano which is a spectacular thing , even though xplring it an be dangous !
Another pace worth visting in reece is Athes .
Believe it or not , hens are are of the most beautiful cite in the world .
T Parthen , the Acropolis Mseum and the district of Monatirki are just a e of the things that eople ov bout Athens .
Last but t least , Crete is one of the most spectclar islands in Greece .
Besides havin beautiful sand beache and being the largest isad in rece , people can visit the waer sports ark here , which re extemey good fun !
uming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although deciding where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a te eore t exam or whether a few days are be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a ong tme before any ex one may face in yo le .
It 's qie important to be oranized to get the hghest coe o can t in your ex .
For example , next o , I had my final surgery exam .
I set up a pa to study a h books we had to go through fr the exa plus reviewng hem wie .
h plan required my comitment for around 12 hur of daily study for almost 3 months .
Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to e a high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never ae got suc an erfet score .
Another thing to dd is n being studied the night eore the exam .
It 's uite normal to ae is basic felng of being stressed and rvous when xms are appoachig .
hat is not wrong at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finishd and tha ar icluded in your exam .
For example , I oce d a hemisty exam in high Cool and I ws ignorant enough to negle my stuie , hinkng th I sti ha eough tied to my exam .
Two dy after my exam , I realized that I ad run t of TI .
I had insomnia nht before my exam . It was n't eoug that I n't wll prepare , but also my nerves got in taters and I was afraid my sores tremendusl .
Evr sine , I do everything in it de tie in order not to be overly sresed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getng high core , I assert ta mmoriing h details is iportat .
If you do n't start studying for the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the road outlines of the subject , t this will never help you so up the detail and understand the concepts lying ehid ver single word .
Tha will help you a l ve if you do n't get the chance to evis everything before you ea .
I can recal a tm when I was ute ill before my Aatoy ea ; I could only go through the mattls of each banc without going through the details .
In the ex , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; aaingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lot and memoized that concet before many times , I was able to emembe it .
It was just flooding bck without so muc efor .
So , fo sur , hing enough tie to memorize a practice wht you arn is going to help you a lot in your life .
In m , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term prepratin plan is much better than having only a few years to get prepared . If you want to gt hgh cors n perom wel , you should sta study fo da one if you possle .
Do n't you think you are worth etting the highest score one could i for ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has he bes chance to epace from fuls .
Firstly , nuclear electricity is n't bad for the environment .
The carbon ioxid emisions r very small .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , the technology is evolvig and nuclear pwe plnts are getting afer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are very powerful and this type of energy is the closest to replacg fossil fues .
The hic we get from wind is still fw percent of world energy production .
Today , day the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Oe we have a plant , makin enry frm ta is ey cea .
hmo expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hirn qualifed personnel .
In addition , we ee something that can work all the time .
It ca n't st making eneg en the weath is bad , because people eed a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire iies could be plunged into chao , a tat is unacceptable .
Lm is the onl uth Amercan city which is a cptal and it is located overlooking the Pcific Ocean .
Lia was founded by Francisco Pzarr in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Eye " .
Lima has a multiultural tradition , as it coincides with a complex mx of racia and ethnic groups , like stizos , European Peruvians , wo are the second largest group , and the minority in Lma includes ymaa and uehua and Afro - Peruvias .
im is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - spanic legacy wit chitectural moumets , called " Hucas " .
The Historic Cntre of Lma was declared a World Heritage Site in 198 .
It is a it that keeps its history though : amazing rchitecture , ie blconies , curches like San Francisco Church with mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Ral Feipe , which is the la incredibe Spnish fotres ; thruh heir costumes as wel as Carnival . On thi ay you can enjo th particular , interesting d colorful festal because ou ue water , pnt or ta to wt our family and neighbors . hough their traditional dance , called " La Marinra " . They also keep their history hrouh eligon , where u discover t rligous enthusiasm which is reprsentd by la Procesión del Señor de l Milagros . eir gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderfl examle of heir ymols , like Mazmorra Mrada , el Piso Sor ( wine ) , el Ceiche , los Piarone , tc .
Lma is a beautiful city of contrs , where you ca find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , alleys , natre esrves and the exquisite cuisine ive Peru 's cpital an atentic personality and sigteeing in Lma is a uniq nd antastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacula and charming city to spend your private holidays in .
Hi Jae ,
ast time you asked me for more information about opening a saings acoun in the UK . I 've done my research to find the best savigs accont for you .
Below o can find a fw ugestions of mine .
e Phone Bank might have qte a ood offe for you .
Firstly , the rate of intest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open an aings account with the bank , you will e a diry as a gift .
A y do not need to ay y annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , the ban does n't have branches in Britain .
And all banking opations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Rya Savins Bank , as many branches in the UK ( ovr 5 ) , so you ca do all aking transactions on h sot .
ut the is a service carge fo owing a cdit car ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do a gift as a ne account holder ; a ul set of sauceps ( do you ealy need ht ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to oe your first savin account with Phone Bk , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't have to pay any annual charges .
And doing tansactions by hair is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you vr oon ,
Yours Agneszk
To : gKL6@yho.com
Fro : oS7jM@ahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My ear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am at I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to dal with h sound recoding at Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Arius Boni , who recommended me for this sevie .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I saw he said he wanted me to ge to him as oon as possible to see how good I am at sound recording .
Wha can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overhelmed we I realised hey thought of me to do high sch a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my ervices .
I ca hardly wait to see you and to sare my appiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
ors ,
Inu
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was si with equipment that ws er basic opared to wt skers these days .
Every day , as as I oe up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents took me to a gentle soe th my brother a eae us thee for a ouple of us to try skiing on our own .
Te temperature as often everal degres below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showe a ntural alent for e sor , t I et qut uncomfortable and sred .
Little by little , I improvd my sking skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowaays , I do a lot of skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful ntura environment .
Skiing is a great port , . I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school study and private periences , I have no idea whether the choices I 've described above are n acidentl .
I am extremely interested in gaining exeriene in the business field .
The subjects I 've pured at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and pt into prspective the knowledge of undestanding busy cocpts a ivn me a solid academic founaton .
I 've also participated in various goup projects and class projects while in high chool .
I am looking to an admission to the university of my choice in order to get an acelor 's degree .
I would love to work with exremel talned students , teachers and even proessos in order to eceive a well - rounded introduction to t numeou aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always en ver etermined ad students individuals and I would be more than wllig to devo myself to h hard ork necessary in order to achie a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an ndubitabe passion for exta - curiculr activities .
I was he residnt of the Business Stents Associaion ( BSA ) , Head B ( senior pefct ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
I am a very good soccer player who lays mifield .
Undertain a scholarship and admission to ne of the universities I selected boe il ovide me wit the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business settng , as well as develop the communication , ogansation and numeracy skills I had at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Governmnt Scholarship , I decided to do some research in the Czech Republic before taking ay step towards ppling .
I found ot the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to std abroad and is currenly undergoing rapid social changes and transfomation , making it a fascinating place for students of ny iscipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standrds of education , international recognized degrees , oern campuses with outtanding facilities , a sfe and affordble education , a warm and friendly environment a cultural diversty .
I believe I will have the opportunity to experience both moderity and tradiion in the festival and mt style countries in Europe .
Above all , the ig ality of education will ake me rdy for the future .
Another major reason y I am motivated to stud in zch Repubc is lack of finance .
Al , education in Igera is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on srie freqntly , and studying in the ars of Nigeria is ot safe !
With w , I am really looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and entrance , and I eliee that my ambition to lrn nw business oncepts cople with my passion for extra - currcular activities and community service , would make me a copetnt addion to n of my chose universities and the zech Republic Scolarship ta .
I believe that I ak a positive contributo to my chosen university , as I will be active involved in studet events and activities which will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I assure you that I 'll be a capable and dedicated student wh has t ommitent and dediation to working hr in order to be a rduate , whilst at the same im contributing greatly to my hsen university in more ways an ne .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fc that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satsfed or tae nt te soity .
They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
he et eaple is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
A o 's personality is n of i bst qualities .
Always friendly , bubby and in a good mood , they are really to spend time with .
They see whe their master is sad d ect by cuddling up to him .
It makes people fore al about their problems and concentrate on the things that are really important .
A og 's otimis is by far the best way to rin ac a smile on people 's faces .
And that is what he is there for , to make people happy .
These hairy four - lged animals are also ey protective .
One of their jobs is to touch their human family .
So if they sense that the owner might be in ager , they immediately start by barkig at a person or a thin that might caue it .
The stronger the bon between he do and his owner , the strong he eactin will be .
It is thought that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not ue .
ogs are really that hard to take care of . Bathin d grooming does n't need to be done every day , they just ed to be fed a wlkd efficiently .
These pets ned fw walks a day , which could also be od for their owners to spend all day at work or in school d nd some physical activity .
So , hang a g could lo rmind him to iv a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs mae really great pets .
o only do they protect you from aything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality and the loe they shw to y make you feel so wr and wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really loses their pet , they will find time to pay attention to them , because he truly is a bad friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I 'll ive you om details about my experience at " Zoe K adventure " , one of the many wel - known centres in ou country .
First of all , we started a ting assut course , which onsisted of climbing up ptty arp walls a cralig through different obstacles .
Although it made me eel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Lucki , I ft enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , However , you may need to practise a little bit more before embrkig on his actions .
Rock climbing ws anter of challenges I had to face .
Despte the ct tha it turned out to be harer than I expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine how ewaring the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big efort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to do caneing . You are likely to fel sared at irt , bt your confidence will be buil up quickly , due to the consant uport of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by e centre was divin .
I felt so overwhelmed that I d to give it up , so if you do n't want to mis ot on this rea pportnity , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To m up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time and I guarantee you ta all teachers meet with the same rue , so you will ejo yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For l these reasons , this ntre 's really worth a visit .
ite soon and tell me if you need to know anything else .
ith est wises
aa .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the addes as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right . it was from Pai ...
My mother had rtten to me aftr onts !
Sie e left for Paris last year , I ha been living in the school resdence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me fl ally deessed .
u I h her leter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
h tl me tht whe I s on holiday I ad to buy myself a party ticket to ris and go to visit her for at least two onth because she ws missing me a lt .
It was so go when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I d never traveled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , t it would be a great chance to improve my Fnch and spend a lot of time with my belov moth in the city of Loe .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Application for the job of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apl fo ps of hie Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hng .
I am proficien in Chinese languages ( Chinese and Mandarin ) and have over tn years ' experience in the publishing industry .
Currently I am worin for a job as an eitor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who can work independence .
On the other other hand , I am also a good tea pyer who can work with with colleagues , presentble and with a strong sense of responsibility .
ttached please find my resume d portfolio for your reerenc .
lease fee fee to contact me by pone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualificatons further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Che Ki ou
Eduaton is a milesone in our if nd avin od education is the main dor to he labor aket .
Aware parents disappoind educational ystms and institutionalize education to see in homeschooling a soutin to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling a eem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a padroad " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that copls us to seek thr routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a word - ide phenomenon , sine only a f ountrie : the UK ,
Americans , and especially the U , can boast of having it .
There are a lot of countries that have not
accete homeschooling as a lga alternaive so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
e situation in Sin can be assessed as a " legal acuum " in ight of o constitutional right to fre
education , hile attendanc is compulsoy in elementary and second education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternatie way of learning .
Homescholin a also frees up ime for compemetary activities uh as music , sports , and en family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been baced by the results on standardized tests and the recogniti of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschoolng your kids you also have to consider the same number of roadblocks :
the lack of facilities or expertise , n enough social for your children , edin up ein a frstrated paret without enough money to make money .
As ar as I am concerned , I want to talk about homschoolin as a wake - up ll for education
sysem .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if students do not have high igh kills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies pen up as " the
solion " and blended learning is the fure .
h eography and natural environment around the building pce , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , th uure also ndicate a home with moe tchnoloy and vey nery - effcint system .
In areas exposed to aturl isasters , such as earthquakes , hrricanes and food , people should have their houses buit of resistat materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular rgrd .
Environmentally - frinly buildings will definitely be on h drawn bar .
Built from recyclable or recycld materia , the exterr surface of these houses should be easy to be l by daylight on suny days , not to mention skylights and sar anes on the roofs , hch are moe and moe ppular , even on those days .
Moreover , solar ener collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximie cfort ad energy eficiecy .
Urbn housing isses ( such as population waste ) wil be solvd by explitng some ne areas .
Maybe it 's building ctles in the a , but housebots and artments situated above cit sreets see to be a perfect solutin to use up pac that would otherwise be waste .
Although people will keep mulig ove w to modernize their fany hses ( and braggn about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , sy b and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if we live in a clear ivory oer .
Catch it or se it
Te alpa and h ega of a good TE is trust .
That 's the most important thing if you want to play hanball .
You must be al to throw the ball blidy to your teammate and he to catch it .
Otherwise the oponent would have t chance to g a pont .
Ae y a el team player ?
Handball is one of the most ynamic sports in the world .
Over ighty pint can be al tgeher in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This shows how rpily the game can change .
One st bal can make your team the loser of the gae .
I started to play handal hen I was 5 years old .
At first , it wa only a obb but with the years it became a pssin .
What I love about the sport is the seed and its uconditional tam spirit .
If you wt to pay adball , just be sure you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A faos prt throughout the world
It seems as if , ecently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
lerly , ti is a cnsequence of the extra hors we have to work per day . As a way of elaxing , we fin doing a sprt an effectiv ay of taking the stress out of our bodies .
In ac , we ee many people jogging or cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to rk or even aer .
Despite tese two ein the oplar port amongst athles , many more are ust as interesting and beneficial .
One of them is the marathon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I ca do it near my him instead of having to go to a sports nter .
It also means I ca choose the location that most pless me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent oing it .
Triathlon has become more popular in the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that imroving in such a demanding sport requires tme and it is important to etablsh som goals in order to keep motivated .
You must n't pus yourself too much .
A ap year btwee chol an college sounds a reat ida for those that have to decide what they want to study .
However , there are so many questions as to whether it should be fr everyone or ot .
irs , I ould like to play the argmens in February of the year f .
ot everybody has the financial possibilities to apply for college , so taking a year to ern money to help with he ils is time wll spen .
B tat is not e nly rason to take a er of .
Most people think that this year is for ravellig to other countries and sending your time to parties , t This is not true . You must travel to deelop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better ersn .
On the other hand , may teens take a yar and end up spendig it in the wrong y .
Or example , things igt not go as ty had expected for ultipl easns , such as ot having enough money or not ettig a job .
In conclusion , people people take a yer o , but only when they have everything planned and know or are sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with heir tm .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain how hiring me would benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and nal yr of a degree in tourism at the University of e orl Heritage of Caceres , which is located in Sain .
In my third year , I did my intenship as a recptionist in a four - sta ote fr 2 nd a af months in dajoz .
I already have skls in listening cloly to customers and in - dth understanding of font desk operations .
My previous experience working abrad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team plyer , and able to work under pressure .
My mother ogue is pansh , t I am able to speak English fluently and I have re - intermediate level Italian as well .
Talking but my interests , Ravling is one of my activities . I enjoy MT , in order to discover places a cutures .
I also love meeting people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me at f8HJ2su@alunos.ac.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the ie to sten !
" Farmer Gies of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first century of the iddle ge , the story is about the adventures of Gles , a frmer of the villge of Ha , who becoes er against his wishes by defeati a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophyla omes and devastats everything , he is sent tie agains , not only mangig to dfet him thanks to the magic sord Tilbiter , but also obtaing a ug treasure .
At the ed of the ory , I became an independent .
I like this story a lot , first , because I love fntay stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to nother unvere , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is ey original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ornary person , knights a son who are fearful and incompetent a clashes are wo wt wrds instead of weapons .
I would recommend his story to eerybod , because it is funny and advetrous and Tolkien 's ironc style , based ls on the omical us of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
er Sr or aam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the positio in the USA Sumer Camps tha I saw advertised in r loa newspaper .
I am interested in working in economics institions or in Soial Care .
I have ecently graduated in Psychology from from Scial Science University and received high grades in my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addition , we have to have oe ya of voluntering in a Supervison environment in preparation for or for assignment , so I am ab to be a member of your high - skilled taff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with brnging up my two younger siblings .
I have been nvolvd in volunteer in a variety of youth oganizatios as supervisor and uto .
In the first two years , I ae wrkd in the Scou Organization , hping the area manager to manage activities for hildrn .
This experience gave me the ability to coe with the needs of tpe of children 's personaltes .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenge of working in yth environment .
In addition , my tudes d experience has taught me to be rcise and efficient in orgizing my work , so I would be a vauale addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaen your mind ?
In my opinion , avelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you t to s different environments , cultures , people and ee different languages .
Travelling helps us to improve as people in many ways .
For example , if you are afraid of language different from your own own , even if it is just fw basic sentences , you an cmmunicat with people from different rgions d o improve your confidence .
Travelling so helps to e te ay in what other people liv , to se at yor of liig is not he oy one that exsts .
Th can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to elise that prhps you ould appreciate tese thin , such as smart hones , cmputes , crs or en fresh water , which is a basic resource n we end to te for granted that everyone an have so water to rin ve hough hi is not tu .
Besides , we travel to different places , we see many different utures that difr greal from our own cultures , and we are different from other humans .
o For these reasons , I think travelling really roades my ind .
I want to build my career as a fuly fledged researcher and academic .
To fulfill this dream , a Ph degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my P in Theoretical and Computtional Cemisry .
I have a pan to use the equilibrium properties of ondensed - pase systems .
I would also like to arry my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which are used as drugs in the treatment of serious human diseases , as csmetis matrils and as photonic and optoeetronic materials in devices .
I lo id Analtcal chemistry and Enviromntal chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the motivation and inellectual ability to bid a career in one of the previous mentioned fieds .
After my Ph , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Baisa .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars increse rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
Especially in cities with traffic problems , public transport is bcomng more ad ore ppuar ain .
In some ities , it 's en foridden to drive through the city center without some second prmission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
B what is more convenient - owing a cr or public transport ?
el , it depends .... Whe you travel in your own car , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you 're the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay lngr in om plc .
You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
You are the ss .
However , as a drvr , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
If you want to travel from one place to another to a different place , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to se change ore at your own pace .
But think about the costs .
Tink h much ou ay for a ptro nowadays .
Consider , as wel , the days you have o vacations .
Maybe hea airines are better ?
Cmin bck to our everyday lfe .
Mos of us are ivig in big citis and face problems it tffic .
Wa if we used public transport to get to work ?
ll , te you do n't have to worry about a parking seat and you can ea more books on y to ork .
Sipl , you ue e ourney to wrk as additional time or yourself .
What else ?
After rk ou c go or have a drink with your colleagues !
And if h enironmen is important to you , just talk about the pollution .
t 's elect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : e , it is !
Is travelling by car environmentally convenient ?
Wl , it depends !
Wy use first perso narraon ?
rst person narration c attracts readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and makes the readers get no thoughts of e adman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in his story , the author inited us to know what was inde h mama 's mind .
Feeling that the in haracter is like to us , as if we were involved in this cae , the whole thing seme like it d rally happened .
acig h murder diecly makes the hror penetate into you heas .
w des the author crate a orld of hror his readers ?
The author reated the horor atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordred id and the sound of eartbats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes reades unable to op themselves iagining the images in their minds .
Just like the maman 's plan appenig iht in front of us .
Then comes the snd , e heartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the lemnt that pushes the whole stor to the cimx .
Every tme h sound of hearbeats sated , something ened .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of an old man , he was going to il e old and , he did it .
The second time when the madan heard the heartbeas , he became impatient , care , excited and insne . In the e , he confessed that he lled m and disembred the corpse .
At the same time , the heartbeats also made readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I hnk the way the athor wanted to express the dsordeed mind of the mdma 's s intonation .
Th ole tory apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the adman used intoation that is xtemely calm and steady , to tell the raders e proces of the cel tin he had dne .
Te sharp cotras of calm and te crelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character is totally insane and crazy .
Shivering iside our heart , te hrrr icrease .
" Let 's go to the festival to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max said to i friend on a sunny afternoon .
hn l was set , th stated ter ti to the foest .
When they arrvd ter , they stare to look around trying to ind different types of animals such as birds , rbbis and deer .
M and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an anmal lyin on e gra."What 's that ? " , M said aloud .
They went quickly rssed the river and they reached the pac where the animal s."It 's a deer , s leg is in a trap ! " , M 's friend houte .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was sufeing , so they decided to fe the deer .
Hvig made a decision , Max found the courag to open t tra , but the ee did n't move because its lg wa iured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to ge to the deer .
ax cu a ece of i T - shirt to treat te anial .
After , the animal was beer and it walked awy slowly .
When the day ended , Max and his friends returned home feling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he went to bed that night .
The question is : whether it is ossble to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many pole in show business or political life , wh are ready to do everything to save their private li .
Generaly , people may be famous for many reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
If you decide to ecam fmous because of your scndlous private life , it ould be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
Here is a rle , probably one of the important in public life , that mo or ess : ' It is important what they are saying about you , it is important they talk about you ' .
Most celebrities olow this rue , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private lives .
The real problem sarts when journalists injure celebrities , but their friends or family .
Papaazi is cruel . He is in contact with famous people 's children , which ave a negative influence on their emtional development .
How about hoe they do not want to be popular because of scanda ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leadin their boring lives .
Ad when the papaazz notices that there is nothing interesting in their li , they just leave them alone .
Sumarizin , I do believe that adut people are responsible for deciding about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , her duty is to protect their relatives .
Great foo is probably one of the most valuable pleases of if .
As a person who likes to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as factors to ecide hee I soul go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new eican restaurant in Liso called " Las Fichers " .
It was suggested by two friends and , according to them , because of good food and the environment .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun an ea good Mexican oo fter a strsful week .
In my opinion , th fd wa good , but the prices are too expensive consdering t quantiy sevd and e messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another abe served to us by mistake , the dink were served with a consdeable dlay and the food was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner and the rinks were still on the table ) .
Lucily r me ( or not ) , I e a rend of myself on the day after who told me that se had had dinner at " L Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexcan , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me ha a great Mexican restaurant and we oend wth lower prices and go service .
I went to see about this place and decided to go later .
" Pitola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mxian restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato saue fo ree whie we were choosing the ai dshe .
After choosing , a bottle of reh wate was sold , again , fr fee .
We coe " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it a absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , they offee us a hot of tequila to inish o visit , confimng the great places still ist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
Frs of a : THAN U O YU TIME AN YOUR HLP WH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Scond of l , OW AR Y ?
And also , where a u nw ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm uc bett o . I 'm settled back me and I 'm up n uning , even though my untreated sprained ankle h t worse .
Last week I was lent an ankle supot and sme crtches , so ever ine tn it 's going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch rgh in the smach , which for sure I dd n't ed ! :( .
The cous and e organization lf uch to be desire ; and as if that were n't enough , my cholarship ( funny enough t the one of the only other participants ) , was not suffcient to coe all e osts ! :/
yway , CS and gic saved me right at the last cond ( last night ) , and I left Mala with a mil d a wrme up heart .
And for that I want to THK YOU once again .
Back then , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to it , shld n't I??- .
So I id n't have time for much .
I have bee totally immersed in looking for ob nd in the ranslation of the scientific paper for a former tudnt of mine .
He decided to finish e econd hl without my help , so that was a b disappointing , boh r the eeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anting as yt :/ ) lss money earned tha it wll mea .
* Soy , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , cold be substitued by another expression .
What I do n't understand is the difference between this buch : be good nugh , measure up , make te grde ; be up to standard / the ak .
There again , having a whole bunch of ee ours ( day !
Fom unda to Tusda ) to myself that I was n't counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I ecided to go back home ( I h been whl eek at my friend 's place , as he ives in Mdri and qui cls to the writer 's house , where I had been gin every night last night ) , and I started geting things . lu I av my anl a rest , which was very mh nded too !
The t - a one - nght ip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't ben fr the limitatios of my anle , we would have gone for a high .
Tomorrow I 'll be beginning my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had pannd .
I have sent a lot of Vs , and have gone to 3 interviews so ar , also or English classes ( one company a to acemies ) .
Abo the pictures of Ramla , ould you watch a bit longer ?
I haven't found time to draw e pictre ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to st out , it was ( is ) definitely not a priority .
Do remi me again , though , if you think I 'm orgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
id you aio but e speakes ?
Because chatting is a faer ha wriing ;) .
I 'm gon na go o .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
ave a ig hg fr ( E , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spai .
Global warming consequences in 2015
The Guadia article " Wor 's climate bot to enter ' uncharted territoy ' as it passes 1C of wamig " , published on e 9t oember 2015 , describes the problems of global waing .
According to scientists at the British Met Ofie , 2015 is going to be the year when the mileson of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will ead unknown consequences in the future .
The old Meteorological Organizaion mde knows publcly that 25 has been the hottest years on reod as as it has created cron dioxide on average by burning ossil fuels .
These problems ju announced recentl will be issued to tlk about at the UN ummit in Paris in three weeks .
hen , world leaders will be ngotiaing about cutting the inceased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
tephn Belcher , drectr of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to bame for limate cnges like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expted by scientists when global warming rse beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secreay of eery n clmte chage , Amber Rudd , wo considers climte change to be ne of the greatst problm in politics nwadys , de to its onsequences for te economy , global security a the fight against povrty .
She stands up for a globa ea confirmed at the UN umit by h leading states and therefore her climt taget should be an oel for terrible coutres .
Furthermore , cliate scietist Ed Hawkins expet a continuatin of global warming , clariing this statement the the example of Central Nglan , which has ware 20% more tn h global averag .
Globl warmng in general leads to ore natal isastrs like flooding , heatavs , water shortage and loss of harvests .
Facing these circumstances , a 4C warmig would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the rslt of a NASA sud oining out at the wud have be an mass growth in America from 2003 - 2008 , there is a small chance of 5 - 10% hat this prognosi will come true , according to Prof Adrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the tdy hs alreay been roen wrong by 57 ther studies .
Although the ASA stdy ows a different result , t majorty of scientists see global warming as an angerous treat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environmental the economy and an ssue for the UN sumit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the W place .
Iften whaling naton formed the IWC fte whale opulations collapsd .
The organization was initially set up to conserve whales and to the extent tha they uld ontine to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritge ropeties trnscend aional boundaries .
Their qualiies are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , they wo experience a sense of ondr and amiration .
To be ncluded on Wol Heritge Li , properties must be of outstanding universal vaue and meet at the n of ten slectio citeria .
h World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and thes lanmarks are cherise by everyone around the world .
It is also protectd by NECO because the have fun with animals or lants ; there are endangered secies in that area or they have a sgniicant importance in hstry .
World Heritage is the designatio of places on ath tt of outstanding universal advantages to humanity and , as such , have been nscribed on the World Heritage List to be proteed by ture generations to appreciate and enjoy .
It is the propery of the country on hos terrtoy it is loate , but it is cnsiderd in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
ts protection and preservation is a concern of the international Wrl Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage of a site being inscribed on the site is that once a country signs the Convenio , and the site is inscribed on the old Heritage Li , the result prestige ten hlps rais awaeness among citizens and governments of heritage preervaton .
Greater awareness leads to a enerl is in t levl of protection a onservaion given to eitage properties .
A country may also receie financial assistance and expert advice from the World eritage Committee to support acivitis for the presevatio of its ites .
The disadvantages of ste not iclued on the World Heritage st are that the site is not funded so ey ca n't protct hem for iks .
Moreover , the remin on the lst of sites in dner without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sis in dange , unless they do met the en criteria , should be protet by UESC .
It 's difficult , ut I ink that it is necessary to try to invent ew as to finance and deed the tural a cultural heritage .
Cricket is my assion .
I love payig , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory .
Cricket is a team sport which tahes us em ork , collaboration and strict disciine .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to scced as a team .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
vn hen I was a kid , I trted playing with boys uc lde ta me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I ollowed criket religiously and have watched almost every mat ndi played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my faorie cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has brought almost every rcod in ciket history .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I ov his ability to handle pressure and his cam nature in all situations .
If omeoe wants to learn more about cooking , I would advise him to watch the baing of greats li Sahin , Raid , La and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I would als advise raing me about cricket on ricinfo.com .
It has nc articles , reviews and statistics on many playrs and games .
Reding biographies of some famous cricketrs will lo help tem to understand the nights of the game in depth .
Cricket is going through a rugh pase e to math fixg and btting scandals .
t I am sure it ll om ot of his srog and will spead its ins all crss the world a oce again give t as a mgnificnt sow .
I met a friend abot e wek o , and he asked me a question that I ca n't so tinkin about : what is on my Bukt List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I never stopped thinking about my life in a deep wa .
By the way , do you know what a Bukt List is ?
There are a lot of things that you have to do beore u i .
I think it is kind of ad , th I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me tul hay .
About two weeks beore I met him , I saw a beautiful moe called " The faul in our stars " .
It 's about a couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of hiking about life and death .
This movie touched me very much . It made me think about ideas and how y people usually live without appreciating really important things .
So , after watching the movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't stop thinking about my life .
Now I ve the fling that I need to have oe , but I have no idea what ths " more " is .
Before that , I d always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to have happines , but I think that , before his , I need to do other things .
It is interesting to think it is a necessity to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strae that another person became curious about a poound art that I have never heard of .
Wl , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bukt List that I know .
However , I have an awful feeli about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , d I think that " something " is lmost eerythng .
People ives wi change in their uure , and I think it 's not or better .
Unlik popular understandings of Hitry ( and even prsumaby scientific ones , I must y ) , History is not an unstopable marc toards " progress " , whether that or means .
It is a cyclical process .
me d its heyd in the first century AD , but just three cntries later , it was only a shadow of its pst .
Those ater period Roas were n't ee ae to make the ig qulity cement tha hir ancetrs ere ble to mk and ha technical mstry ve just a f centuries earlier .
And o n safely say at three cetures from ow humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they psses now and take for rated ?
No one guartee suh a thing .
t I do n't ink , uless here 's another World War , People 's ive will hange dmatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years technology will have its point , and after that there will be a declne , until a new Dark Age .
ut lt 's pick up h World War ypohesis r a second .
An orldwid war is a case in which we wld see a dramatic change in peopes lies in the period of 50 years ro n .
But are thr , the ay , prosects fr a new World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
T causes th will lead to a new Wod War m el be in existence rit for ll I know , and no e , or only vry wise a intelligent people , no but it .
Oe dy in he uture , noher Frnz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolc event could ser gain as an excse or sm country to declare ar on another , but h ue underlying causes tht the countries to wage war against eh ohr oud have their roots in much older times .
As the causes of the second World Wa had its roots in events that we h outce of the First War , a third , hypothetical war , ould ve is rooted in a pa coflct that may well have been lread .
But let 's not digress ino tha . That 's l another thing ta fall beyon the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a copositin .
To : Sa
Fom : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi m ,
It has been a while since we 've got in touch o I am very pleased that we r on holiday and we ca do something together .
My family and I are going to pen me days at h am plce we went to Lat ear , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've aread mentioned to you the uch fun I had here and it was great !
It uld be trrifi if you came wit me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your arets ' permission ?
In this mp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the area of a age number of assitants and the camp is situated on an individual island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for young people , allowig them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a broad range of activities organised by the taf ll with the purpose of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming ools , two tennis courts , one ootall itch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the suba iving , and the equpmnt is provid .
The Cam is el - kown and oens from May to October . It would be good to book within two ees . It alays get overboked by my parents , my parents and take day off . What do you think about omin with us from the 1st August to he 1h ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Bt wishes
Sionett
The orbell rang uexectedly . I had fallen aeep on the couc watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the ront doo .
Outside sto he mo extraordinry - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elphnt hunte .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
Se came ow , b she di n seam .
Instead , he started crig .
The an , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did n't know who he was .
Mother had always told me he had been in the war .
I think she is for my own god .
I ve bemusd by the situation and dd n't know if I liked him or not .
In my reams I hd seen him as an intellectual n him as in my sitig ro and he looked like an elephant or something xoti .
It s very odd to see him in my house .
o we 'll live together .
Although the first days we difficult , we get on well .
It is great to be a whole family Aai .
h Grand Plce is the central square of Brsses .
It is surrounded by several od buildings sh as the city has the buildings of the corporaions of the Middle Ages .
hese ere groups of people doin th am ork , sh as arpnters .
He helped each oer the eder and taght the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
ach building is ecoated with the azon of corration .
Thir rchitectre is unique d bautifu .
Today , many of them houses caés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also a city museum .
The suare is covered with paement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for istory because it is the oldest Grn Plc in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neigbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narow paved treets , old and all buildings , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been estord and we ca now see their beautiful gilding and crings better .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing shrine with MSIC and lights on the façae of the buildings while a huge fr tree is placd in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Caste is one of the highest ranked mnuments in the history and ulture of Poan and Eupe , so during the sta in Polad it is necessary to sit it .
The first Castle , called Palatium , was built in the 11h century , and the remains of it still isble inside the wal .
During the next centuries it expanded , d in the 1st century , finally ebilt in a Renaissane style , which has stayed unchanged til today - the mo representative rmnat is probably the famous arcaded cortyad .
During the tour , the visitors are shown severe rooms and aartmets , as wel as the oyal Pivae Apartments with wrd - famous tapestries of the Polish kins ' ollection .
Another attraction of tou is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronatin insignia were stored , and the armory .
Apart from the fatured , there are al ma marvllou exhibitions in te Casle displaying its history as wel as the other collectin .
Whle visting Wawel Royal Castle n shod ot miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a ca under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dagon of awl lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqeness .
It is a symbl of a thousand years of Plish history and cutre .
Everon wil omethig ntersting aon he varety of xhibitions and tours , and fr crtai , it will be an emorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky , because I have the opportunity of learn English in a different way , with books and taking lessons .
My teacher thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing terrible activitis in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own other tongue .
Furthermore , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fiteen ears ol .
So I ge up thinking I could speak and rite qite oo English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can me myself without in an orml conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making any mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , hinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol in a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Durig th cour I had to ccompish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluaed by my peers .
And I ralied at least wo tings : the first o was that it is posibl to learn how to write better ; the second one was that ven when you can make ourselves generally understood , it is n't so easy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black ht , but it woud n't be a magic sho if he does n't know how to perform e tic .
In the se w , I d th ideas and wods but I ad to adt that I needed to learn the rus of grammar if I wanted to do the mgic ric of recse and title writing .
Adolescence .
verybody says it 's the est period in r whle fe ; what they do n't remmbe is that it cn also be the worst .
Adoleence can be compared to an oggy path a , even when it sem ou c se something through it , in reality you ca n't .
Tis aul fog is composed of our uncotrolled emoions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so oten ith our pants : every time we discover something new or we a something , they judge us or we begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescnts is e that they confuse r min .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under u sin , it is when mms say something and they el us to do the opposite .
The wrt point is that they are angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're n cle , n they also g agry and they 're surprised when we e mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be rspectful , but sometimes it turns out to be ipossile , because they do veryting to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in th relationship parents is to fd a so of agreeen , eause in the end , we do n't only feel ager towards , but as a lo of love .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adoescnts have to face .
It 's o the usual love hy 're used to feeling , ke lv for family and friends , but it 's a ne kin of love .
It 's a kid of le who struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in your stomach , it makes us dive into the st of Iaginar le .
That kid of love that we moie we dream of ; t type of love hat does n't let us fall sleep at night .
It is a period in which we have ist experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following n you drown in he drk .
Dear roup leader ,
First of all , I would like to tell you about the interest shown in a small vlage .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome ad . Please , fe at home .
Here , in Alloca , there are a lot of places to visit , . I will recommend you a unique place , with tourists , noi and rwded beaches .
On te es of Malorca yo ll id a small and beautiful village clld Aà .
In the municipality of rà ou you will find a coastal town , situated on the ede of the outain range of Llevn .
Sa Còia de Sant Pere is a radtional ishing village .
Nowadays , you can still sme fshermen ishin on the seshore .
He does stats .
In order to get to our destination , we must ride a bicycle a just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
Yo il rie as far as Ca los can , one of the most igmatic beaches of Maorca .
Ts zne is part of a private area , a natural pk .
or ta reason , you st cycle or walk .
As Machado sd " se hace camno al andar " .
It means that the most important is h way , t journey .
Cycling near the sesore wt the bridge of the sea is one of the relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca los as , yu il ee the traditional Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native ees of the coast of Malorca .
Moreover , you will ps between two ancient obeliss which have been recenl restored .
Finally , you will get to Ca o Cans .
It is a pecia beach with stones next to ad and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can pactise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fish , sa urcis and seawee .
There you can lo take a cane and paddle in the qiet sea .
Apart from ports , you should note two different cultural oits .
On the other hand , there are the remains standing of buildings that wee used to kep the mll boats of the loca fishermen from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of Talaios is not clear yet .
Maybe it is a defensive wer or an important blding or igh - css person .
It is important to stay on the beach until the un oes down .
The sunse in at place is ideal and roantc ( especially if you r with your artner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain rnge of Trmuntana .
From that seashore you can ee all the Alcúdi bay , part of the mountain rage of Trauntaa n h cape of Formentor .
Ca s Cans is a mixture of sea , aure and culture .
I am sure hat you will like it and , of course , I need to do you a favor : please , keep e ecret .
Regards ,
Paul .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the st and the qalities of yor etre aftr one year running .
This report analyses the two main failiies : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
His machines are fantastic and he saf is very helpfl with every customr .
On the other hand , e ym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Th swimming po .
It is ideal for people do t compete because of its length , about 20 etres .
Furthermore , it is not t deep , so it is essential for people who want to learn how to write .
On the other hand , the chat rooms are too far from this faciity , so it is easy to catch an old someone os from one place to another .
Conclusios .
The facliies are quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the g could be larger .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in he pasaeway from haning rom to swimming pol .
h Future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine oercroded bues and rsty subwy rains .
As technologies develop , more , more and more people buy private cars .
A r allows us to ove faster and not to deped on ters .
Travelling by car is also more convenient .
es this l mn that e eas of public transportatin is coming to an n ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
First , he will always be popl ho wil n't be le to fford to y a ca .
Studens , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also tun into public transport .
Science fiction oft depicts the future as a orl hre cars are reely .
Everyone can use the name he or he ses .
Thrdly , people do t have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will use public transportation .
This is also true for oler people , they lose the ability to drive as ey ag .
In conclusion , public transportation is not ikey to disappear , at least during the next decades .
Te cha bove ive se information about the verge ontly salaries of nrses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the car , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and County B.
hee es are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differntly from the first countries , the ones are alled " destination countries " ecause the heath car service is provie by foreign qualified workers .
Moreover , in t irs tee countries , doctors en abut wic as much as a nurse earns , apat from the last country , Country D. In this one , the gp between doctors and nurses is larger than in other countries .
In Coutry D , the salaries of docors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that , from the standpoint of doctrs ad nses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loe sot in many countries in the world . However , it is also punishin , dangerous and diliked to te extnt that people want it bned , possibly with good reason .
Bxig is a dangerous spt . There are relatively common deats , tragic injuries and ee disease .
All professional bxers ae at isk frm are killed in their nex ight .
If ot killed , then more likely parlsed .
There have been a number of cases in recent years of the TP f boxrs having tragic lsses among their ranks .
This is ut frm the elite fw , and there 's more ro thse below hem .
Moe deaths would ccur through oxin if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like glves , a doctor , paramedics or arl stopping of the ight if someone was unable to continue .
With ti going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fiht have already proved deadly to inocen people . e n boxers could be even more at isk .
nc boxing is banned and no - one is growing up nowig it as acceptable . There will be no interest in oxing ad , opefully , l oud inteest in vioece , making towns and ciies mu sae places to live in . Tere will be ss fghtig outside pbs and club nd lss violent atacs f little or no reson .
Changng the ules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entrainment .
There are all sorts of prposals ; lighter and ore cushioning gloves could be wor , ban punche to e ha , headguards wrn , or make fights shore , as most of the serious injures occur in the latter rods . These would al sow f h bxer ' skll and talent and still be etertaining to ath .
en if a bxe is a success and manages to be serious hrt , he still acs serious cosequences in his life . Diseases that attack the brain have been known to set in as a direct result of boxn . Een Muamed A , wo was infamous ( ? ) oth or hi boxng d his quick - witted intligence , now a Alhemer 's disease an c no longer do many eeryda acts .
Many thr sors are me dangerous thn boxin ; moor sorts nd ve mountaineering hae rik that r rea .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In many of the majority works of modern literature , there cn be oe emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although a show of sength by his works ' characters is sometimes vieed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the therwse inightfu thought of the author , it is hi cnflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a reblion can not be seen clearly in ea minority work , and , therefore , the products of ehnc American literature can n be ctegorzed as merely the result of their oppresso .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature ceates an especially important necessity that each work be cnsidred individually as oth a prdct of year of srugle and a ork iherenty distinct from any other .
In the minority wrks , the conflict and rebelion presented accurately reflects society as a whoe , and although the mother s in The o uk Cu rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tia in Like ater fo Chcolate figts to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Lve Medicin trugle to scur tei inhernt rights from te US governmnt , h characters ' conflicts refect smila conlits of other clturs .
Rebellin is sen not as a distinct focus in minority cultures , but rather as a bindig forc beteen al culres , fo Celie , too , reists her arranged marriae in The olor urple , and e mrdeous loves in Jazz relec Ta d Pedro 's dance pssion in ke Water for Chcoate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic Amerian literature , but they are porrayed no more strongly in minoity works than they are portrayed in the pees of lieratre .
mpasis changes with each ok , d although figures of autority are particularly oppressive in works such as ie War f Cocolate d e Color Purpe , othr minority wrks including Love Mecine d zz do not eflct the cearl defined authoriarian figures nor the oious rebellion of the characters ' esponsie action which the previously mentioned woks show .
Tis gin implies that these ehnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merel rebellou responses to oppressn , ut as individual reflections of rsonal and cultural experiences .
o doe oltaie tackle the question of pilosohical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Pilosopical optimism -l'ptimism- is the philosophy that everything d any occuence is f some go .
Olaire sets ut in Cadide to criticize ths pilosphy .
In Candide , the representativ of thi philosophy is Panloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Tonks .
Th whole bo is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Blgar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own god - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a salesman .
Although th wold se to be good , it is not . Because of his rining , he klls to en , a ew and an Archishop with no esitaton and then prceeds to ill h seethert 's brother .
Voltaire shw hi dilke of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Cande and James are caught in a storm at sea in which Jme is drowned . There are only three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The strm is caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Canide is ailng .
On arrival th see starvation .
Cadie is obviously horrified , especially when the sailors begin pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pnglos for an answer , but Pangloss only tells him that some god will om of it .
Candide , although remaining te to the idea of optimistic , alas , apears to be sceptical of it .
This is no ore true an he he rrivs in e ne word , Sth Ameri , and as to leave i darling Cnégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Cadid can not see what pssible good can come of ths , especially as the reason that he was in merca was e to him killng th Je an Archshop because they were Cunégode 's oers .
Throughout the bok , we begin to ee how Cadide is grdualy led awy from l'optimisme or , peaps more important , how l'opimisme is shown to be the philosoph of despair .
T constant beli that od can ce from ad is no actually inspirin ut lea to a constn flow of disaster .
Candie 's lf , in the OOK , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thundr - d - Trck because he embraces Cnégonde , he is uped in the ar , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of a to - da - fé , he kills three hurchen , he is almost eate , he finds Eldorado but lave - the li continues .
ndide 's idea is gverned by the belief that god will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he des marry Cunégon , but she is not the beautiful young girl that he once loved .
She has become old and grows worse by the day .
hs illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optmisme .
Candide has traveled the world in serh of Cégonde , with the hope that he will marry him . Despite all the toube which he s one through , of course , in the e he does get Cuégone but at the price of her clothes and personality .
Voltaire , in ndide , shows how the hlosophy of ptmism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hea poiticians talk of the importance of Eurean Uty .
However , it is important to ealse that Europe is a very lng ay rom becoming anything like the United States .
When h rginal 13 American saes resolved to or what is now the United States of America , they two inen on forming a poliical as well as economics enit .
They were prepared to yeld as means of their own sovereignty as it would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a sngle international political force .
A alance a therefore struck in h consttutio to llw th ndividual states as uch sl - government as possible to ensure ta , for example in ilitry matrs , he cetal government spok or a .
It is tu that today one sil hears the old ispute over sta sovereignty and attempts to return my owe to individual states , but no - one would challenge the idea that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Wsington repreens the sole polic - mkig body .
In urpe it is quit clar that many people would like to see a political ion of the country , ine this ould produce a rmidable international military force .
However , it is equaly clear that while there might be a unified poliical acton flwig fr the European Cmmuities ( such as was seen in Europe 's reasons for the British involvement in the Fallan Islands disute ) , the Communities were inteed as purey economic entities in e irt place .
Membeship almost certainly ivolve so lo of national sovereignty , b the United Kingdom could probably level the community by a simple majority vote in the Estminster arliament , something which no stae in the United States cold lfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Singe Parliament fr Westrn Euop with power to make political decisions for ll , an even ith 199 approaching and a single mket , e gu between the UK and Europe is ery wid .
The supremacy of Parliamn will be challenged .
Its ability to mak a break an aw - made by it or Euope - means that it retans full sovereity .
Even if the toy it made lw ha would unite it fully th Erpe and reinquish ts vereignty ever , it could tomorrow repel al those las .
T ft that Parliament does not bind iself or can ot be bound by ny political bod means that it cn never le sovereignty nles a majority of the population wishd it and the Pliament consented .
B wth the average jingoisic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and evr wishing to be flly integrated with Europe .
Even now , the channel tunnel jine us to t contnent we still consider urslves to be separated from the world , standing alone against an osile world .
Natural , th problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefts that we would presumably ultimatly eceive .
It seems to me that , fr the pat few centres , Brtain a lwys consideed itself to be detachd from the rest of the rope .
Whenever necessary , she allied herself to European owers , such as in tmes of war or extrme distrust .
Bitin h been eger to mintain a seur balance of per on the continent , but throughout history , she a been ore concerned wi her ersees empre ha wth anywhre else .
In st alf - entury , hough , er empire has been dminished and sh has d to fe moutig responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolaed sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon preceen , at is , udgemnt de law .
We have esablished a system of law which ates back many centurie , and which is wdely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on your w , of course . In many reects it ill be sam , but the lac of ifluene will isplay ay differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , w will have to be accepted throughout the content , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
h British tend to be very pod and possessive of the law , and hanges may well cause feling discontent .
Of course , the se points will pply to the monetary system in Euroe .
Wil ere js be e system ?
The cutry typically is agains jor change n something as fundamental as moy uld cas proles if it was to be altred .
Ou individual onetar ytem , I suppose , uld be seen as a smbl of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a igle Europe a cread , problems may ve its fundamental political conepts .
Of course , Britain would lose hr sovereignty , as the other nations of the union .
It has been suggestions that te Sile Unon should be based on a bsc federal structure , whereas local autonomy cold be saved , but the uon as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty w ls , some national personality must be preserved .
The fat is that , when unied , European nity would stll , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of society tha others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces problems , and therefore , if an igle Euop was crate , uniting Brtain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in an European uniy , they ould do their best to achieve democracy and prmoe it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and hat all of their positive features will be nown .
The problem facig the British , really resus fm eir isolated past .
The soveignty of the ntion has dee root , and the fears of losing it are really great .
Whethr this wuld happen awit to be een , nd would dend completely on the terms of union , and the negoiations and feelgs of the genea public and the polticias leading t countries .
With 992 ow oy a year away , the quesin of hat a Single Europe will mean Biain ecmes increasingly relent .
I firmly believe that the advent of 992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
hs oss ed no however be negative .
In ct , in politcal , economic and defence erms , I think this reallocation of resources ca and will be very positive .
ilst , to a certain xten , I am ulty of havin an island mentaty . I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in dnger of handing all control over to faeess bureaucrats in Brusses or Srasbourg .
Through the world , a wd of change is apparent , bu especially so in Europe .
This problem will continue in Europe and the rest of the world will evlve with or without the articipation of Britain in this proess .
It is my elef that Britain must be nvoled in the decision - ming which will eventually dcide e e rld order .
However , to be fuly involved , sarifices ve to be made .
Sh sacrifices ll invov ertai aspects of o sovereignty .
In relinquishng and thus centralsing certain pwes , th is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the ovrall ipact of Eupe on the world stage .
As amply demonstrated by ecent events in the Gl , European cooperation in the field of defence an be both impresive and effective . Whlst I would be relucant to oer all control of dfnce to any cental body ,
I c see a fuue for oe or of European rpd reactin others .
hist , to an extent , cippling deence costs must be cut . This ould t necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In plitical ems , rerdless of legislation , Briain , like the rst of Europe , is becoming incresigly cosmopoltan in terms of the opulaion 's composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as eope move between countries .
I feel it is important for riain to join flly 's European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Posibl pobems should be studied and sold if possible before the hape .
E.R.M. is aledy un us , in tis are I feel Briin should be especially careful .
hilst I pretending to fully understand this ystm , I do not that no system cn lower interest rates , and inlaion while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Mgc Circl .
In the area of the ingl currency , again I feel this is inevitale .
What is important is to bse ti currecy on the strong currenci within the EEC as it is supposed to be an average - based system .
To onlude , I woul s a single Erpe is alead appenng nd that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must n't concern itself with ls of soereignty but gai of European equivlet .
If we miss the boat I think we will drown bfre t ex bat com .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 197 , the foundation was laid for a new " cninent " - a nied Europe .
It was said that Europe oul n be crate quickly , bt over several years .
When the British enerd the European ommunity in 193 , atr a national reerendum , the ebate began conceing Bitain 's relationship with Euroe .
Wn 1992 was as te te or te Snle Eurpean Makt , the debt fred up gai , b ver w far Britain should be itgrated .
The et of rope seems prepared for 1992 , ut riain seem to be decidedly hesitant .
The first Prime Minser , Margrt Thather , was not ben to lead Bitin in an Unted Europe because it would lead to a loss of sovereignt .
There is no doubt an integrated market will have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
usinesse and ohr tadng organizations are preparing themselves or 192 , n the single markt .
rae will be easier , with no frontier conrols , allowin free - flowing transportation of merhandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the remova of protective practic , along with reater free to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has ffcted Britain to muh aleay , with decimalization , he ne uo - passpors a now the pund sterling eng tied to the ECU .
They feel Britain is ein plled into European .
Further changes ar forcast or ritai , affecting day to day matters , to ceate a " European tandad " .
His a made Brito resetful of Europe and tie of " 1992 and all that " .
An igle market equire n entrl insttution to co - ordinae all movements of oods and policies .
ll the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed to trasourg or Brusels ?
ny eople would not .
Will he da co whe h oud sterng is taen over by the ECU ?
It may well - but wil Britons have a cane to voice their opinions or views ?
Eure may agu tht h benits fr a single integrated market wuld far tweigh any national drawbacks .
As the date gets nearer , the awareness of Britons about rope must increase .
he must ok nto h futu and cnsidr possible effcts .
Will Bitin be drawn into Europe again ?
ehaps as or of Bitai becomes " Eurofied " , people will watch up and see their sincerely is being taken away .
Britain has nevr eographically bn a part of Europe .
We are in t EEC and we should be able to enjoy free travel .
We have been an island for too long - being idependent a able to stand alone .
We have a sound democrtic proce , which mn pole would n want to give up .
A fll integrated market with Brtan as a full memer would be to the detriment of the poltcal system and conseqntly ead to a loss of safety .
There has been such a lot of tl about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Nw tat it is an eality , and o st a probaility , e queson in the ins of many Britons is , indeed : Wl ti man a loss of overeignty fo Italian or the irth of a nation ?
First , a positive pprach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cuting win to doing something one , instead of telv times , will be eormus .
rms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
urpe will therefore be a ntion to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the Single Europe 's standard of living should be increased .
A great potntial of ideas rom a greatr nmer of expers will , in theory , result in more knowledgeale and better - informed indiiduals .
Simplicity is one of the Commisin 's keys as , with tht if things are simpler and ore es for everyone to understand , people will be happier , e better .
If is is so , he should ao ork better .
Ideally , then , there should be equality , le crme , greater productivity and great economic growth .
On the other hand , will ti Sinle Europe mn a lo of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remebeed that Briain has a small population compared to the majority of the other meber tate , it is an islnd - which none of the others ar .
Why should this matte ?
el , Britain has quite a history and there are a fair number of traitios .
It is posile that it could become engufed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from old gneratons ) may fe " lost " and that they do not eally " belong " any ore .
The new Singl Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their llegiance to it .
Ten , there is the question as to whether all this idealism really works .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - infrmed , happier citizens , or will this never me off because of citizens eig unle to agee on plicie ?
Britain , although small , is mo oten tan t at h fo of international maers , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
s it then not g ute a l at ake , s character at les , in integraig itsel in this Single Europe ?
No one would dsute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next ear ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a ngle Euoe .
Th , as everyone is well aware , is t going to be achieed with ae , but h moe tolerant every member state is of each ter , the mre successfu Single Europe will be .
It is up to Britain herefre to accept ti fac and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolernc .
So we will l be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
e European Community is a uniu groupng of telv sovreign European Member Stts who are comitted to the development of closer ecoomic and political co - operation .
The community has the aim of brak down the economic and political barries that have traditionally divided uope .
In particular , the community seeks to faciltte grater movement within its frontiers ; movement ol of goos but of services , apital a people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to what extent should a member ad over its sovereignty to the Cmmunit , if at all ?
Let us look at the onding of the European Community , beore we discuss the issue of sovereignty in our etail .
There were several attepts at Peaceul University afer the First orld W , bt onl afer Europe h aain been deastaed by wa was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and coomic exhaustion of the European staes called for a fresh start d a a radcal approach to the re - ordering of urope .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
irst was Europe 's reaization of her own weaness , ate having lost her ae - old positin at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economical , militarily and politically stronger than dvided individual European states .
Second was the conviction that iitary conflict should in the future be avoded ; after all , the two great wars d oth eun as European " civil wars " . Third was the omon desire for a better , freer wrd in which international relations could be onducted in a moe orderly wa .
One of the first major mov toads European intgratin was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 195 .
Its memberhips grew from h ten riginal fnder counrie to tety - hree .
One of the most innovave features of the European community compared with other international bodies is that the mmer stte has ceded to it a part of its national sovereignt and endowed it o foreign pwers , which it ca us to adopt acts , having the fore of nationa law .
is nvl aprach to polig national sovreinty is called " integration " .
The 197s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of the commnity poicy instrument , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
A of the members started agee in principle to the idea of a single mother by 92 , however ec with their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to ay that none want to sacrifice their national soverigny , many want unaimous voting , and the majority votn .
Many ee his issue as a threat to their own regulations d lw , and could lead to a dro in standards if they do n't stn fir .
h situation is seen as a thrat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereinty f the ake of European unity .
Whether or the contiuaton of the progress in the fil of Europe is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If the eeling of European unt develops a ca be sustained , the threat will subside as the eeling of ietity tkes over .
On Brtain 's rds there is an eer - increasing volume of traffic .
h rad network is no longer ble to cry hs traffic withou hold - ups and traffic jas .
To remedy ts , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of r otoways and costruting rng oas and bypasses , with mixed reception .
Whie the road ystem is being improved , there seems to be an enormous series of roadwoks which restrict the highways and cause further elas while the oadwors are in pce .
Te inability to cope with the amount of tafic on the pat of the road system obviously icrases the risk of driers havin an accident and the drivers have to be onstantly alert as they are nearly always in capaity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the ri system because of is lack of itegration due to the rcent privatisaion of different areas .
It ha ben sow the different companies charge different fares for exactly the same ote !
The main disadvantage of the railways is , as the rail sevce e buses serve are normally run by ifferen companies , it is probable that it is n possible to lk no a bus of the train .
If the services were integrated , there could be a tietable whi coicided with the tain arrival ims .
Then people would like to catch the run , as they would n't have to look forward to a long walk , ai for a bs or py f an expensive ti ride .
My solution to the problem would be to mprve the ril system t relted b services . This would drive people off the roads and onto the train .
To improve the ral evice , trans ave g to be tied to rrive and dprt at key imes , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock n eve at hal ast six .
The two US companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares ae to remin relaivly chp , i.e. the same price as or less than it does ot to go by ca .
The basic diema facing the UK 's ra an roa trnspot system is the general re in population .
hs eads to an increase in the number number of commuters and ransport uses every year , conseuently putting pressure on the UK 's transport ework .
The biggest worry about the system is the rapid rs of cars sers uside the mar ities .
Mst lrge ities hae managed to ncourage commuters to use public transport , thu ecresing major congestion in ush hour periods .
Public transport is the obiou soluon to the increase in the population . If it is made cep for commuters , clean , asy and efficient , it could take the strain of the oerladed British ads .
r commuters wh regularly travel long distancs , il transport should be mae more appealing , more comfortable than caper .
Mtorways and other transport links are cntantly being extendd , developed and slowly turning the country into an oncete jungle . y It is ol ring to ope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemies !
The major problem crated by the ass of veicular tranprt is the pollution emitted by the atmosphere , damaging the ozone laer , cretig smog and forming acid rai . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I want to propose clean , efficie comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
T modern TAFFC j is a familiar situation to nearly all of the Western world 's population .
If eery me or cas to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mie tail - ba , wy do we still inist that we travel in such a ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you ook a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would sop akig it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the rod ?
He most likely answers ies in 2 areas . irstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far ad away no ' reny ' who wants to make everyone ie in teep s a a soya ba su . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volu of trffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the conierably grwng amount of waste on the roads is just to back ove . hey are not atemting to tat the cae , thent more a more people are now driving .
We all feel ta we have a diine right to be on the oad .
Wy ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to the resources of the rs of the world in this environment ?
Just because we can not be allowed to t out of d a bit earlier to catch basic transport .
Even if we d , en , urly , so does the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications .
Te second reason is the problem that the public transport service , or example Rai , is declining so uc ; there is no train to ach in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the lack of stadards . These people were foced on the rod , outes bcam unproftable and so wee loed and services ut bak , oring mr peoe onto the rods .
he whoe yste has now formed a spiraling irce of ad u .
He h no never intensfid with all of the railways to private companies , profit - motivated .
e ial , smal ri links m o be closed , whres reviously they wre subsiied to mk up the loss . Now the private companies can ot afford to do his , so my ill close , cutting off malls and villages .
The only way to op h cire will be to rek it , and the only people to do this is the government or urseves . If we make the effort to s public ransport , it will expand it a oo service . Unfortunately , the public se to be apathetic toard his ie .
oda , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV chnels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money . It is a big business .
Apart from ahletcs , boxing is to be the only ppulr international port at which British can still hold their heads high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennx Leis , Nigel Bnn , Nasheem Hamed and u beloved Frk Rno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blo to h ead an cus the brain to ratle about the skull , which may cause a brai clt or tur .
Last year , e fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wason led to calls for boxin to be banned when Micheal Watsn slipped into a oa and was in a crticl condition or so moths .
Many youths in low incoe aea see boxn as ' a way ut ' , a cnce to make it to the o and arn a lo of moe on the w .
Here , however , people regard boxing as barbaric , ridiculous and pritive .
Thee people are that there is no need for oxng and that it only promotes violence .
Duig th fih , es , of course it is violent , ut this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual rsect for each other .
All precautions were taken to ensure a safe fight .
Drng fights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to al it o prmaturel if required .
Amulnces are also kept on tand by at big events .
Although it m sou cruel , I do n't believe that ay fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowig the risks .
Because there are so many bad young boxers , to ba boxing would be insane , snce it would almot ertainy go undergroun .
Undrground fights are really dangerous , since less protective ar is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Takin ti io account and considering that bxig is aot urtng t opponent , it ca be said that boxng is a relatively sf sport .
Although far from popular , there are other sports which are more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use terrible knees and elbows .
The argment continues , fr the sak of safety in e ln term , I do n't think boxing will be banne .
Whih is gd ews for the majority of the British public .
Two men , on rg , ony e n lave . Dramatic it my be , bt basiclly that is te mai principa of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been mad to dilute the sport 's sadisi sde , should boing be banned ?
Every time a boxe et punched in he ea , I rin moes vigorous inde his ull .
This causes the oxer to lose many brain cels per oxing figt and if this occurs frequently , the boxer ca end his career with brai dmae .
In my eyes and the opinion of others , he is rason enough for the bannn of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . h simple reason believe that the ie of the spot is to ' knock your opposion o ' , although this is agued by Chris Eubnk , who believes he is a sprtsman and the idea of boxng is an rt form . He sas that he de n specifically go into a boxing ring to knok his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank ll due espec , most of his fights have be w on point .
But there is one eeption - the original example , which reference to boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Wtso was put in a coma by Chis Euak ( the man who dos n't specifically go into fights to knk his opposition ) .
For example Onl Roes to Ell what a dangerous so - called ' sor ' oxin is .
The boxin federation is trying to do as much as it can to make e ' sport ' safer : having ringie doctos , anning bare and fights , but the p and botom of t argument is at any bo to the head causes considerable daag .
There is always mc peculation about the advantages of such a brutal sport like boxing .
His is emphasised and exaggertd when a compeitor in the prt tagically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inevitaby led to a public proar on the safety of the sport , and the cntoversy ver whether the sport should be a bane or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer ould feel .
He is lerly aware of the dangrs and brualsm of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to have any bxer regret his choice of career .
The excitement of ein in he ri , the joy of knocking an oppoet onto e anas , and all the money that is there to be me are overwhelming factors which make boxers fighing .
The money that is there r the taking r he vry of the best is ridiculous , and with om top boxers making sums of money such as £ 20 milion ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback ce , $ 60 million ! ) , it is ardl surpiing ho important h sport cn be to some .
e us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view yso 's " next iv Lights " .
These members of the pbic do not want the port to be banned eter .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has ben permanentl injred ( or been killed d to a figh ) .
Tse indviduals d others learning about the tragi incident in the meda protest against the ort .
His faml , who were originally against the idea of their son leaving college early to take up e sor , would be leading the protests against boxi .
How plesed , proud and atriotic the British ublc fet when Frank Bruno changed his ulimate and became the high champion of the ord . Yet w sorry many were to see him eurn to boxing after he had injuries earlier in his career .
Tis hypocrtical vie is shared by so many that whether bxig should be banned or n wl reman a controversial issue for the oreseable future .
There were 2 main objectio ased against the introduction of the national lottery .
e frs was he objection to the lottery would be a little more than another orm of taxatn , in fact , none tha that , a x on the poo .
The second bjection came from charities wo pedictd th hritable donations would go down th the itroductin of the lottery , as people wul be lss likl to ive money to chart , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excu tha some of the money spent buying he icke wod go to chrit .
There wa ls som controversy ver the awadin of the loter orgnsation franchise , which evntally ent to Cameo , which wa not seen as the strongest contender r the bid : ote ompanies or consortiums proied to giv more money to chart wi lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give l of his profits to Chaiy , but was rejected .
My main objection to Caelo as a lottery organisr is that a age percent of the consorium are merica or foreign irm , or example , IBM has a sizeable take in Cmelo .
The British national lottery is run by British firms .
Since its itrouction , there has been a controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pene in every pound to charitable causes , it neglecd to romise that most or a of his money would go to chariy .
There has to be something contrary to the allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton College , one of the rihest pblc schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to te yal pera ouse .
The lottery is seeed to be a revers obi Hood : sealng from the po to give to the rich .
T lottery has also suffered allegations that it is additive , especially with the introduction of scrah rds .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend their available ca on lottry tickets , onl to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pece ut of every pound received by the loter goes to charitabl causes . h result is tax the prze und , prfits , and the so - called charities .
It s lo be calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is oe in millions , i.e. ighly unlike .
It has also been aleged that the jakpos were up high . One of the lucky winners ae sa themselves that the jckpo had uied their lives , alienating them from friends and aily .
In conclusion , I think hat the lottery should be retained , but ot in its present form . I think tt ackots should be capped at 2 mlion puns , and he prize und shad between mo people : it is better to ve fourten people a fortue than to give fourtee frtues to one person .
I wol alo emov y Americn business nteests and ve the charity money to a deserving ' charity ' .
w the loter is in place , it would be very difficult to reov it from society .
Te compter h is one of the influential inventions of ll time .
Computers domiat the majority of government businesses , science and communication , as el as many ther areas of human life .
In many was , it ha ake the place of the huma brain in prforming calculations and thught poceses .
h ot obvious example of this is the calculator , an instruent used by mathematicians and cietists for making numerical calculations .
This ha made it no less necessary for umns to perom calculations and through equtions , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scentist is being relaed by the oerful computer operator , h needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may see an extreme view , as there is still much in the wrld of maths a scece a computer ca not calcuae , ts may not be the ceturies in the future .
Computes have en ued as a means of keein ecords , they have all but supereded handwitten text , ( in a few decades people y well be ace with a computer screen d keyboad in their Geneal Studies exam ) , they are ed to transfer money across the globe , een to cree artwork and to entertain .
ompute generated pctures , incluig ' ractal ' pctres , rwn rom equations , seem to be more popular than hand pritd imas fr an arist 's imaiation , and computer gmes se to provide ore etrtainment th any game or activity that kes lce in the real , physical world .
Virul reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment creted for them by an ompute .
Whether or not , the computer is tkng oer fro the huan bra , it h certainly mad the umn boy all but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be cotated at any int around e gloe by fa machines , e - ml d the Internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be tranferred instany without even needing to ov the actual one - the public coinag does n't matter , it is the computer records that stae hw muc each bank a owershp .
However , the iea tha the human bra is not loger useful is not entirely true ! Computers can not wt humn beis , av no capacity to cope with anything outside their expced situation , and n t adapt to siations using dgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with ha .
Also , computes can break do , a then a human is nedd to take control - such as an airline pil - and there is a sill cetai taks only a human big can perform , and te are fte among the simplest .
Tey cried , they children .
heir faces epressed y , triumph , prid and perplexity .
e old watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of t TV , expecting something ew at every moment and o wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " ave yu ear ? " , " I ca n't belive it ! " , " ftr all tis ie ! " , " I never thought it would appn .
" We all felt like we were living ne of those historical moments that you read about in a history OK and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 989 , the day e Wll fll in Berlin .
Within a few weeks , the excite d died down and people ad turned their attention to more ecen news .
But for me , this was the stt .
It was the tar of what our new President uh likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold ar .
It was he vent that ga the people of the Easern Bloc countris the people through thr effrs we o in vain . o 40 years , h people had suffered under a communist reime hat had not allowed them to xress themselves frely or to leave their homelands in search of a nw ife . Mny pole a tred to espe .
Some d been executed . I had a classmate whose father ad ecaed from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole family , and set out for Western Europe with little money .
I akd him once if he had n't been cared , scared of what he uld fi oe he let .
He ol me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life . Even though I hd los touch with this classmte , he fthr 's wods re wit me as I watched e events unfd in rmany .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hunar , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rse gainst communist regime as well . Now , thr years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or t , I cn no say .
However , they will have at least seen the " other ide " .
Their strugges and hopes of future years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Bein Wall " , history probably would not have taen a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would ve turned out as they did .
However , hitry can ot be ewrittn and as things tad the al of Berlin are all actually connected to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the est of the stern Bloc . As such , it a the catalyst to the end of the Cold ar d , therefore , though we may nt aways ememer he ter sgnifiant events , we il always remebr the day the wall fell .
The development and mplementaion of technology has affected society in every corer of the world .
I do not speak of a certain oect in particular , but of technology as a woe .
Ths ing , technology , has ben nd wi always be both the closest friend and ye the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to tael to this part of the world . They have proided a lvng f my family , they have ure my grandmother from cancer , and they provide hrizons of hope and knowledge in the fiel of medicine , science , engineering , and even e less overt corners of our lvs .
h us of the eas humns have developed is where e greatet problems .
one , they do not treten us , but when they become welded with Korean aspects of and certain people in our society , they become pentially the most dangrous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaing from my experience living in the United ates , I have come to feel that technology has become a rat detiment to our youth in particular .
People sa ta echnological development as ae the world uch smile ,
and I wuld oncur at a great majorit of Americans iv in their own personal closets .
In schools , geography asses arely , if ever , exst .
eore I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining the spa as ocaed crss e oean dd not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology effecs in the U.S. can be decribd , and I eel that its eope have adopted the sme " I am self - sufficiet - I do n't need ny help " tpe of mentlity hat will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very o on the priority list of ur educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study or oeign languages at all , and en at hat tie , I had only one hoie language - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn panih , and because of the circumstances I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mie is not the ony experence like tis .
The effort of the United States has caused r mids to be heard , an a ord tht is going while my country lags behind in its selfish ef - satisfaction .
Many eope argue today that , ith he advent of computer echology , or mental arithmetic is po and we are bcomng a nation of coc potatoes .
It is true in a way . The development of portable calculating machins ( calculators ) means that we no longer need to be able to work out su in ads . But at what price ?
In many shp , the customers appear to be dumbfounde by the simplest of sus without the a of their tills .
In mayare , the skill of human judgement has ben replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
any people have had their jo position taken ovr by computers .
Filin cabinets are becoming a thing of the past ith computer databse .
Even such menial sks as Ilin are go for us .
They encourage oganisational skills and idiess .
Whe people talk about artificil itellignce ( AI ) , you hear many uny aes from people who ar convincd that te computers are oing alive and will eventually rule us .
These e t rantng of people who have nthig to do with computers and wh do t reise tat behind eery computer is a programmer .
Even ' artfical science ' needs to be prorammed .
Human brais still work out how to use computers , o to rogram tm and , more importantly , how to control them .
As f making the uman brain rdundant , computers help to improve learning skills . They teach , test and improve your lngistic skills .
Reflxes are improved ( ad ts has been scientifically proven ) by payin couter ges , the very same things that arent said turn thr children into ' zobies ' .
We can expand r imagination and convert our iea into computer imulaed modl , enabin us to dign uidings d road networks .
e computer revolution has not made our brins rendant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is the g of the ompuer .
Almost everyone has a computer or access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far c frm te ne s in the past with filed hoe rooms .
They are able to geneate amazingly acurat grphicl repreentation and perform extremely difficult mathematic equations in just secods .
Computers have become a part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they a good thing ?
Wh calculators cam long , a drop in the ability of students at mntal arithmeic ws ovius and now they are used for the simplest caculatins .
The computer does the same thing .
Others encourage laziness in the eneal pubc ; why wok t omehing yousef hen he omputer to do it for y ?
Ths is ey ime - saving and convenient , but it is causing people to get bai idas .
For instance , spling is no longer as important as it was . You can imly use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is abur .
Fr the youth of today , computers offer lis around the world and millions of fcts and igues .
Thi could be argued to be education .
However , this is killing the imaination of children and spending hours at a keyboar taping awy in the dm and gloom of h hse .
They should be enjoying themselves ganin experiences themselves instead of reading about the on a flat screen .
It is said that you n meet people hough copuers and have ' relationships ' .
I found this pepostrous and people have the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can escpe from the humdrum roune of dil life by eas of games , u hey are in - umbing and ninventie .
There is , however , a mr dagrous heat frm computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
his could lad to high unemploymen .
Those people o ork with computers for long periods of time ac problems .
h repetiion of taping keys ll ay and taring at the scen c be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers a be the future , but what will we have in this future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school , as they could be augh at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be r couter programs .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should lie through heir computers and be so relian on them .
They high ed bos and live mr in order to regi their lost imagination and ese of advture .
Also , in choos , I fel that wr should be one mainly by hand calculators and computer soul ly be used minimally in mathematics in order to sp the production of computer addicts and have normal people again .
There are many beneficial apecs of genetic manipulation .
This ncude e erasion of identiication of harmful hreditary genetic disorders a the development of hrid high - yield crp .
There must be no doubt that genetic manilation and genetic engineerng have had high enefiial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people diske or are prejudiced against genei manipulation .
Prtly , this is a ' Fear of the unkon ' ; something whc tamrs with the intrnsic components of lant and nimal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have ao become awae of , is the immense power at genetic manipulatio ca give to certain individuals .
This has ben vey od to feed popular ultue ( t ilm ' Jurasic Park ' being an obvious reason point ) .
There is also , however , ery eal possibility of the ower of entic manipulation cod because the ossssion of uncontrolled , unregulated indivials cod use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argment against scientists taking great responsibility for their work .
Anthig in life n be misused .
Whthe it be a itcen nie used to ta someone , a car us to rn someone over , or something as harmless as a ilow used to suffocate .
Everythng in life , if msusd , ca have harmful effects an genetic engineering and genetic manipultin ae no exception .
Although the possible effects of genetic manipulation are greaer than a kichn - knife or car , this is purely subjective ie by preset - day stndards .
Certainly , we woud od the maer of a r or itche knife responsible for their mise , and there is no reason why sientiss should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic maipulation is put to misus .
The undamental la in saying cienists mut ar te major buren or moral resposibiity for hei or , is that if this had been applied unversally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken lace , and mankind oul be witho electricity , raos , qut simply , anthing above th mud ht eisence .
Scientific research is n corrupt , but an essential and natural , rt of hman odition for betterng itself .
The other fundamenal flaw is asuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of dscovery through han creation , ie .
no - one ceated genetic manipulation , the power of it was yet to be discovered .
If one sientis does not make a discovery , then another one will .
It is unfir to hold resonible sientit at the forefront of human knowledge , w discover something hen another scientit in another part of the world may make te discoveries independently afternoon .
Te nl argument for making sientists reponsible for their work , is that quie ofte , an pariculaly in the course of genetic anipulation , it would need a scientist to miuse knowledge , and terefoe hy should be responsible .
hile genetic maniplatin is relatvely new , it takes a scentist to carry it out , d therefore an individual scientist could be held rsponsible .
But , onc genetic anipulation beoms commonplace in the future , and it is n only the domain of scientists . The original scientists discoved geneic manipulation and o be eld resosible for ohr 's misue of it .
There are many problems facing the onarhy .
Some of them a listd beow :
e divisions in their families and the figh between the Pice a e Princess of Wae and the possbility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) at the do not do anything but they are rich and also they do pay taxs .
Another problem is that people think that the morchy is being abolihed in any ountris and an countries are republics , so h moarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
hee an aso arguent against abolishing the monarchy .
For example , many people lie t royal family because they are hones people , o like politicians , o always lie .
I think the royal family a the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anwhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolishe .
In the nd , I think if mn people nt h money to be abolishd , a general electon should be called and then we would see if the onarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro rtilisation " is the fetilisation of an egg in the labratory ie . in a test tube .
The girl is taken from her mother and placed in an environment which will optimise her chances of feriliation by serm from the mother .
If ertilisatin has occurred , the frtilised egg is impland back into the mother 's womb and the pregnancy will be norm .
Nrmlly , more than 1 g is akn from the mother so tht he eggs can be stoe and used later if the regancy is unsuccessful or so tha more than one a be fertilsed at me tme to ncrase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This sually leads to multiple births , ie .
twns , triplets t .
There are people ho support this , saying it is not natural and akin is it fa to cld to ave started ie in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Thre ae ehics involved relating to w is give the reatmet ad who is n't
At what age should treatment not be given ? Is it jstifiable to spend so much money on vtro fertilsation r one person when the same amount of money could be used to savs undres of lives by vaccinating people against asle , for example .
Te people who are for ti can aue by sayin that it is the right of eey person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to chiren do so wth in vtro fertilisation .
Thruh no fault of her own , s could he a blokd fallopian tube ausig her to be unabe to allow eg down to the womb and it is ly fir to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethcs d practical guidelines have been left behind .
I herefore think it is necessary to he certain rguations i.e .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The mnopaus is he dy 's y of telling you that you are o old and your body is no longer caabe of hearing a bb .
ast yr there was a case of an ot- menopusal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( F ) .
I do n't think this is fai or orally correct to the children , because er mother would be claimig her pension en she as at primary school and her mother would probably die when the child ws in her teens .... there should be a test tha is given before ( IVF ) is carried ot to check the mothr is not past the enopause .
2 .
girls should n't be ten frm abored foetuses .
The foetuses wi have to be aborted for a reason for exam : if it s the result of a re or if it d congenital deforites .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not fm dd foetuses .
Science has mod on dramatically since the 19th .
Many ne things he ee invnted and many higs medialy have changed .
People in modern times are able to have lie , heart and even lu transplants . There are many cmplications but mn re succeed .
People re bl to have a whole new bood supply if they acks sufficient requiremnts , or a bone marw transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
Al the above are carried out on living ople , t nowadays , biologial operations can be cared for on humans before they are even born .
Bodies ca sar thei in a test tube .
This is called ' in vio fertilisation ' .
Ti is when an EG is reoved from a wan , laced in a test tub , and then spem is placed to te tes tue and the egg and sperm fe together .
he test tube is ten incubtd for a fe weks and when the fetu is born , the baby is kept back in the mother .
The fetus is left to go and development turally .
Ts ide is extremely beeficil because married couples who have been trying for a born but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
In vitro ertilisation allows the baby to grow isde , which allows the mother and baby to bnd d it ould feel a part of er . This would n't happen if he were adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopaual decides she wants a bby .
Ature ha already akn its course to tell her she is to to have a chidren , so why should she have on impaned into h ?
It is not fir on th hild , because when it goes up and al its friends are paying with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , it is mohr cold be rawing r pension . I am sure she would not feel lie playing with her ild .
Also , his mother died of old age before her child have a fll life and his old be unar to t ild .
h child may also have to look after mother in old age .
As the foetus begins its life in a es tu , and the sperm is selected , is means the ex of the prm cul aso be selected .
The th s can be chosen is by using gnetics .
he woman has 2 X chromosom and te m has ne X and a Y - chromosome .
Th way in which the sex can be selected is that the gg is always X and the sperm 's nuces either otain an X or a Y chromosome .
Te X chromosome sperm is slightly eavir than h Y , so they c be separated .
If th othr wts a man , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in e sex , and a decline in others .
As a result , this would reduce h poultion as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people yar you are born ae man and you are a man ? This would be th npopular .
Science is proressin h time , t is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Bitin to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of S .
Ts is a vir disease that attacks the cenal nervous system which can be pasd on through onsumin the animal .
In cows , it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by w , any cow showing these sgns us be desroye o sold for meat .
The problem is , however , te ins have not son for a long time , ti being a viral disease .
It n be passd on to humans through eating pas of the animal uch as the brain which is affected and the pars ar uuall old ad put to fast fods such as hamburgers .
The est of the meat , hweve , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a ste offers ery little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and brought the situation ou of prortion considering only a very small number of people have died of this disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for British people to stp eating before is the pus r vegetarianism , although this is a much maller thrat to trade the former point about BSE .
These factors could have a considerbe influence on the agricultura industry , preventn the sale of British dairy livestock ony in Britain but for export as well .
With global communication as good as thy ae now , it could sen a car across the world about British beef - indeed , Fanc d Gerny already hav restricted and in many places banned the sale or iport of British beef because of eas about its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the high sal of beef products still frm the bckboe of British agriculture and ould completely change the face of aring in Britain .
Whether they switch to hep or vegetables cps , substantial cnges oud be needed to change he station .
People throughout the Kingdom were oubtlss shocked and ehaps upset by images in the national press and television news of ws who had caught the disease ovin pungform encephalopathy , or BSE .
Te so - alled ' d cw disease ' seeed to ae the cows oe all sens of balance and directions , stumbling around drunkenly .
Her hre her disease s found wee put her her symptoms poressed further .
ose cs which ha een down ee not use or food .
The disse infcs h c , an is hen present in the spinal fluid ithi the spe and e ban , and as the spinal flu is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the ik of containaion of te meat wa n the industy w no wiing to ake .
The human disease , Centzfed - Jacob disease , or J , is lieved to be a hman om of E , although no cer link has yet been established between the two .
It is uncle whether the incidence of CJD is on h re , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but mre cases , fr al ages , have ee iagnose recently , and the disease is always faal .
He overnment insists , perhaps correctly , that Bitsh beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of high diseases in the U.K. , and many are abstainng from eatng beef .
Many schools have remved beef from their menus , substituing pork and chicn , and sales of beef have shown a declie .
he impicatins or the beef industy old rthr srios , wer eveyboy to buy beef products .
To compenste , bf prices have dropped in attempts to sell ore meat , but the public remain eptical .
If bef contines to fall from favour , the beef industry 's flu would be uncar .
ee products are present in many fodstuff such as jellies , fruit gums , and , of course , sck cubes .
Would a hese products have to use syntetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a at , the numerous eds of beef catle worldwide would no longer be nded , ut , eing bred as th r , for bf , hey would be usles r milk products .
N all beef n be infected , thog , and the situation has beoe waiting .
For beef to be repreved or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to estblih whether or not BSE and J are lnked , and , more importantly , whether the ltter can be contracted by eating meat containated with the former .
The nation awaits the erdic on tenterhks , and it is in the majorty 's interests that there be no rove link .
Wah thi spac .
Personally , I believe that it is mrey that is better at diagnosing CJD than before .
me reports say that it can take up to 20 years to deveo , so we could all lready have it .
Whtever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that sm beef may cause S ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJ ( Creutzfeldts - Jcob disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects the brain and spin tissue ( or offal as it is sometims known ) .
After a few reported cases of D , a similar rm of the dseae fun in humans , it is not thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BS ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating containing ofl ill causes the FTL disease in humans .
Ti claim has devastated the Brtis beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in cs hey contrac the illness .
Already , sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Italian they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
Although sientist say that to contract CJD , par of the c 's offal must be contained withi e bf ,
customers are til reluctant to eat them at in case it s me fro se ' odgy ' btcher trying to cut coss .
As you can imagine , this is a tremendo nfluene on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of o is McDonalds , where they have immediately buy an otice statig the tir hamburger are ae frm 100% of the fast , the beef contains no oal .
In my view , no decent restaurant with a good reputation would rk buying poor beef in cse a customer augt D n they managed to get it ack to e restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean hey would be sued for several thousands of pouns and would probably have to sll up .
As a result of a wer beef emnd in plac of food proction , there will be a lwer need for EE cos .
This means that the old eces of beef ( or a mountain ) hat cud not be sold .
Because of this , the prices would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containg containated ofal ay cause CJD in hmans , famer ( in particular bef farmers ) are losing out , as they will ve to sell their at a lowe price to t low demnd .
As a result , they may have to dirsify into other areas such as crops , milking co , e . or evn av to a government subsidy .
I feel ht th evidene that BSE cass CJD as ot ston enough bere t claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecssary , deleterious efec on the gricultural industry and beef makt .
The question of compensation for services edered is neer so simple as remittin a predetermined salary asd on qualifications and a person 's decision to the job at hand .
If one has preconceived notions about e 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed sine soe employees are re to value tir sils and ablties less than others . "
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to cmensate " equally ' .
In the 190s in America , it was very oplar to disdain people who did n't actually work for a ling , u merly lived of e interest in their investments .
The stock market w exeriencing a bom , and several formrly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring earl .
But several reat uthos of that period questioned the right of their inveors to effctively live as parasites ; they earned money , t they contributed nearly nhing to society .
People w inhri money or liv off the interests of ivestmens often seem to spend their time in search of a thrill , so sort of excitement that money can not b .
Aving amost nlimited wealth changes people , both hse h are born ino wealth and those who arn their money early on .
But do ey have the right to live this way ?
Wha about people who work very hard yet they sem to be pad miserably .
A migrant works a slae away in a fil all day ong and makes less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lnh .
e answer to the question in one 's feeings about Democracy .
om old rue that if a person is mart enough or enough enough to en oney for an earl retireent ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or e is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be hat if meone wh works on a menial or physicll txng job do make a fair or moderte salary , tn it is is or r w fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are bad on a rather faulty American premise that people are given a quality chance in life and what they make of it is their responsibility .
Apaently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet one of the doctors ar lowering their fes ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unles we want to impose on the personal livs of wealthy people by mkng them or harder , or give people who are n't wealthy money that we do n't believe they desrv , we n not give pay equa to contribution to ociety .
I agre that women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expeced to do at work and at work .
Women have been looked on if they tried to get head ad pay has difered o and vrsus a woman doing the same job .
on is t a hen th woman was eqired to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay with me do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of fenists .
These r rops of people that have defened omn over the years .
Thee people have shown the modern ord what women in the workplce do .
The problem is that these eminits have t lookd at all women .
om wome were happy with ol traditions , some wanted more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if thy do n't , thy ae looked down upon by heir peers .
An exape is a miliary woman wanting to serve in mbat position at a time .
eminist argued th t when Iraq was oing on .
They et the women should have been given the chance to iht .
I found that these people were lazy .
Women ca n't figt in ery well .
They re o trog enoug and if capred could be raped .
They fel that it is not fr the men e the ly ones .
Oter women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
employees have been told about promotions in their work as nt eig fair .
Ao sexul harassment is ivolved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are are victims .
I agree that five to two years ago thi might have been ru , but now many employers are the victims .
The are scared of what a wmn can do and sometimes women are looked at differently .
Here are me things that wme can do better men and there are some things men can do better hn wme .
God old have creaed us all the same if he was n tu .
Feminists ryig to ak veryon qua nd tat is impossible to do because atue can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being done by women but a lot of the hysical ob are still filled by men .
I think at the traditional les were a go thing , but e modenizaion has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , woen are having mor hea atacks , are more stressed , and is ae beig more neglcte .
Modernization is god , but I think that women should not be pessure ino tis if it is not r them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and won run a l more companies .
Women houd be created equal , u they n only do what aure intended them to do ...
Whenever a moemen is begu , whether it be physical , religious , or artisc , stereotypes are quick to for .
People normally ssociated wit politcs , religion , or art are quickly lumped ito caegoris regardless of individual differences .
This traed is worsened by the tendency of those outside the ovement to remember the radical and gnor the ommon or original .
Ts is especially true of the Woen 's Liberation Moveent in America .
Sinc its beginnings in the nineteenth century , Wmen 's Lieration s be et ith adaant , and often obstinate opposiin .
Some of the irst radicals , usan B. Antony a Goge Sand ( altough Fech ) ere noticed a riiculed , ts defeating their cae , because of their ggressive action .
At th sm ti , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were vitualy ignord during their lifetime and only akowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of the less aggressive feinist , made it seem as if the feinist movement was headed by wld , disgruntled zealot and w , theefore , drimental to the good of society .
Although " radcls " uch as Sand an Anthony sem dcie and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Men 's Movement in America has been fightng a losing battle .
However , I contd that the result does not lie to the rdica memrs of the movement , bt rater , in the perception of those observing the movement .
hn Women 's Lib really ook f gain in the at 190 , it as ain dstied fr failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , insad of the houswife who etured to college and made a career for herself .
Those utside moemen could ony see the differences between " normalit " and Women 's Lib .
Ths is still true twenty - five ear later .
omn supporting equal a for ome and other " lieral " causes an affirmative ation a se in the shadow of t br - uring , nt - shaing lears of the 970s .
The good of their causes is undemned by he perception of h radica .
So what am I gettng at ?
Only that so - called feminists haven't nt in an of themselves harmed Wen 's movement .
However , t opular perception of em has .
F so many years , the ood that femiits have promoted for others has fallen by the wayside in iu of ther ore interesting , i.e. radical , ides .
Like man ohe apects d movemens in ie , they would be more readil rceied if te publi it was being aimd at as not so jaded .
In this century there have been many technological dvancs which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of the century , the one that has made a major impact on our views and lifestyle is the television .
Thi intrumet s rough terms worls right no t lvin room , making it possile to see life in other countries in ay th wa nevr before possible .
However , the invention of television also gives society an eas to waste time ; on nly to ur it on to une ut rality .
Telision h te poential to offer wonderful things to viewers , such as educational rogramming for children , cutural programs out a place , and a lose look at current events that can be changed by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as tistic expesions of those involved in the program production , giving ociety the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has fluenced society .
On the cotary , television has become the escape rou of the masses , a way or pole to escape from the conflicts they experience in hei culture , rather than confont em and trying to understand them .
In the minds of Americans , television is regarded as an iversion ther han an eductioal ol , as fr entertainment ntead of asly accessile knowledge .
Millions of Americans c be und to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching si - coms , soap - operas , and caroons .
TV has become the center of many households ; in mn families , the ol time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of tgetheress funds in many American families , and as also results in an increase in laziness .
Te ore time oe sens watching TV , te less motivated one because there is no ned to do worthwhile activities when it is uc easier to sit on the couch , ik up the remote control , and stare at a box .
television , therefore , has changed a society in which hat cold hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It given ocity another creative ei , a look at words which could be ee in no ter way , and an opportunity to better educate itsel .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered usually are entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment apect of television offered socet an easy esape from its problems and problems .
Therefore , sne the invention of teleisio , society has become more informed but too lazy to tnk about this information , and ha distanced tself from amiy if .
A disovery has significantly changed many people 's lives and the way of thinking is the epidei known as ID .
Although it has been been bn round for a while , its presence hasn't really been non util fairly recently , and its conseuences has been devastating .
ADS a definitely d a mpat on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to deth and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudice a araoia among people who have tried them par .
For example , there is more sigma atached to eing a homosexual mle , n only because of their seua preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
Th ind of igorant thinking makes us apt .
Als , Ryan White , a bo h , contracted IS through a blood tranfusion and was diagnosed . The people of his tow and school treated him like a comete outcast who wud n't allow him to attend school .
With the dioveries of the DS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
Doctors are iscoering that undetectabe strains of DS do exist .
This h ealy scrd people because they may have DS and not know it .
I feel this has really me people thk about their acions .
In the early eighties , " aual x " in the United States was a widely acceed ea , o it is somting pepl real take in cosideration and it rarely occurs .
relationships seem to be valued more than n - ngh stans .
People have started to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
His twenith century had more wars than any other previous period of time .
espie advanes in communication , transportation , information shaing , h wld as a dy of pope living in cle proximity , has rapidly hrunk .
In the scond of the world , h rae a on to eate the most devastain , the most powerful , most frightening weapo your people had ever known .
In my oinin , the discovery and harnessng of th tom and s energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the sigificant factors of hange in ur lives , if not , perhaps , in sever lifetimes .
As mssile echnology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fer began to rpace natialism , and a small wrl erected Barris between its members .
From my experience as an American , I ca remember associating cmmunim with nuclear reat , Sovit citizens with the ti - Chit , d ob sheltes , ecre ctis underground , and weaons orbiting our planet , with daiy , normal life .
Perhas this increasing common mentali is the worst effect of our nuclear , cld war age .
On a planet which desperately needs a focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has sen uncountable trilios of dolas on nuclear eapos testn , mprovement , and iplementaton .
As a commonplace go ad testimonial landmar to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of America ; from survial kits and basement bom sheltr to an eve - circuatng Chief Exeutive cmmand pos om he r .
In just the past three years , our amily of nations has se the dismantling of the erln Wal and hndreds of other smller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many cases .
With this , the wals , arbd re , and mental barrier re falin , bringing more chan than our plaet as we since its gneis .
Although old habits die ad , they are indeed young .
In America , the miltry as been reduced by several housan troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a stanstil .
Hopefully , wit continued efforts , o us of nuclear usio and fisson will rn from mediums of strateg , destruction , d waste to matters of energy production , meicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With the thwing of attitudes , your figi planet and cold neighbors will once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicilli was discovered to have many uses in stoping and prenting the spead of infections .
This " wone - ug " lo ld to the discovery of a ariety of other naturally - occurrng antibiotics that could also be cltued " in ito " in a laboratory .
This sdden burst of useful compounds n only improved the chance of a patient 's urvival in a hospital , but as caused a great nd r edicl chemits to study a classfy ac n drg as it was dscovred .
As discoveie of new antibiotics decreased , chemistry egn to wonder if certain ariaions of the drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was lo attmpted to increase the production of the natural - occurring antibiics through synthesis .
Two of these new attempts caused a need for ore research , ore copanes , and more mical chemistry , and indstr increased tremendously .
It s discovered that the olde drus could be synthesied efficiently whe sil remaini biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; som were ond to be mdicall useful others .
A variety of new drugs contnuousl appeared on the market and cangd t way people toght but taking medicine .
It wa w much easier to obtain atibiotic for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Hug enterprises , such as Pjohn , were fomd a re , and universities had research methods devod to producing efficient methods routes for the roducion of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discory of one compound led to the inrease of eath of illions of people , to the discovry of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming idstry comprse of research exams and language companies .
The synthesis of anibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world cntiue the work of a sml bactriu - the poduce of penicillin .
The oern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an icredibly fat rate . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advacs and also there has been a tremendous impact on ociety .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories , accouting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The efects of the computer have been tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
he computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and haer from a mental standpoint .
The physical ffects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In ffice , the computer is everywhere .
From word pocesors to spreadsheet / dtabase programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories as also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least a small computer , e.g. a caculato .
There are , of course , many ter things computers are sed for , but a lengthy ls is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except fr people in 2nd- and 3d - word countries ) how ubiquous compues a .
The mntal efect of cmputes is w - fold .
Finally , computers ve made mathematical computatons so easy to do . but people do t fully understand how or why their computer works .
Ts h crated a surplus of " neless " comptaions , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
Wa any people do relze is the computers ae eros l te tim .
ranted , it is the person ho " old " the compur what to do that truly made e errr . However , if at person knew what he should do , or btter tatd " was be to do with a computer " , he uld not have erroeou answers .
Mathematical models , theries , etc .
a absolutely riddled with errors simly because the may things people do n't know or ca n't pedict .
Because of this , errors rquently exist in the worl of computers sipl eause huma are important - r hatevr eson - of many " variables " .
Secondly , customers have problems become oe reliale ople .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tied n , if porammed 100% correctly ( anohr perhaps imossibe comutaton ) , neve make errors .
This supposed relibilty left man working of work .
he effet of ths are unpredictable .
Aner , rutration , fer , n man othr egative feeings have prun up simultaneousl the rse of computer sage .
Clary , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be prcticaly impossible to throw he computer away or never s it again .
et thee r pratical olutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple alculator .
Also , urtiling some theoretical pogramming cold eliminate alarming rdictions or erroneous reslt .
e key is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramificatins of what they re don .
( This prbaly would require an understanding of philosophy and psychlog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eiher cae , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their fact on pole 's level .
larg , 1/2 eg , times as large as a small FIAT , it a metal arow in its center a changed the size of h wod , and communication between the countries within it .
The satellite dish , creaed in the last 0 ears , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it is a creed of The Iformation Age , as the latter half of the 20th century is often labeld .
I 'm not certain about the date of t invenin , but it has been reogized as one of the more ial tols used in society today , amongst rld ladrs , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Turner revolutonzed the use of atellite in his creation of N , the round - the - clc , round - t - wrld ne Stion .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on th chnne to receive first - hn information from the etwor , such as impeachments , coups d'et or civil wars .
Decisions about government autonomy are being made based on the nig 's news CNN commettor .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to NN , creaed by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
Stocs are an integral part of their livelihood .
e entertainmen have taken full advantage of he satllit DH , subtitling the information , wit the TV age .
The invention of V in 1980 dramatically changed the entertainment business .
T mne poued nto create vdeos , and the rofits fr viweship have a strog eect on the WRD econoy .
40% of U.S. milinaires are entertainers .
The Satelit dish h also created stinct advtages o Cable TV and naal pogram as el .
The intelligence of an average teacher is lowering iself d to cabe iewng , created by t stelite dish .
Naval programs ave asted larg amunts of moy in ited ttes to the satellite ds .
oe must not forget space programs such as TARWARS .
Th creaon of the satellite dishes in the past 20 years has atered the average intelligence of human engs for the better and sometimes r the worse .
It hs creted an information age , which could be dangerous , and increased entrance salary .
The pros d c s of te satelie dih re nmeros .
The only obsevaion which can be made , is this : it has lower people 's lies significantly .
It is up to the averge person to decide if is alteration will be for better or ors .
Te discovey of atoic nerg is undoutedly e mot esome as wel as the terrible invenion not only of the 0th century but of ll ti .
At 14 , J. Robert Openhemer unveiled to the world his invention in th frm that is till os familiar to us today : The atmc bomb .
The reason behind the fear at this enery causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Neer before ad the world se something with such a potential to kill .
Never efre had one obje of such small ie been ale to ake so mn lves .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous wapon in the world .
Unfortunately , wih ac assing day , the world 's ne r this dangerous energy increases .
For not only does it have the capacit to ll ,
but also the capability to supl and enegize t wrld .
Th rawbck is the dger .
In utilizing this power in lants and factories , we run the risk of containating our land , blowing hols in our atmosphere , rendring our sea useles , and illin or ecies as well as all the ecies of the earth .
Although we have mny ohr wer surce alternativs , we must continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with conined nuclear se , we n esca hm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have hle in our own layer and problems with our ol in many parts of orld .
It would be ogica to think that the leaders of the world would confer ad aspi to u a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid further damage to the earth and t inhabiants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there has been very little effort to do so .
he lack of vision from your leaders is also appalling .
Is the lack of respect for the planet the general attitude of today , what is to beom of your children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is sad .
It is so , hwevr , a prole of which nuclear energy is only a small pie .
nfrtunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversile .
This is why it is imperative to have a toy .
It starts with you .
Wite your local conressman .
An invntion of the 20th century which I think has sgnificantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The exnt to whih ts invention has altrd people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened dor to traveling and so broadened people 's perceptins of the ntire world .
It lo introduced what seemed a completely impossible conpt hih no human is cpble of dog without a machie concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , lon - istance trel w a very difficult , time - consuming tsk .
For this reason , people did n't travel xtremey lg distanes and issed the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by oa t it was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunr , threateng weather . Lo , as noed aov , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - itance travel , people often have a very ethnoentri and limited understanding of the world .
I have earned a lo abou my ulture just om beng in Sin d . That is the only foreign country I av ever visited .
I can adi that before I came to Spain I was very enthusiastic about oer culture .
Evn though I would watch e ew a read bou otr culures I still did not have the opportunity to witns it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors d One other door is international rlatons .
Since the invention of the airpane , the world has increased cloe conta between political syems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate a negotiate face to face has improved drastically with the establishment of international trad .
The airplane has also bascall speeded up the whole posa communication system .
Lf wth irlanes is more rapid pce .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just the examples of inventions and dscoveries that have had profound effects on modern - da lie .
We must remember , however , the e ield of technology is the only one of the significant avancs he made in the 20th century .
Another " discvery " of the pat century has been feminis , hih h had a signiicant ipact on the ives of th e and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a ew on , but it is just within the pst century that progress has been made towards the equalty of won ( the impornt exction of woen winnn the ight to ot in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it w stil mos tpical as well as ideal to have a woman in he he , housekeeping and having children .
The first significant qal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Eqal Rights medment , which was filed .
Eve tda , a woa is only aning soethig ke 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does only has to do with work and money , but also with the image of wmn .
It 's only ecenty ha we 've " discovered " , or egn to tink about rathr , how many things as varied as ponoraphy or the language we el to frm the img of omn .
A reogniton of suh influences on the imagination of oen is the first step in reaking it down , so that oen are seen as who they truly are .
Feiism is better described as a " discovery in progrss " ; it 's a movement , an attitde that s t become mainstream .
Oly whe we have achiev equality with men , will there cease to be an ed for women , and the discovery will have ben competed .
The thing I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in the century is the of being for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the imprtance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned about clean weaons .
We realise that countries have many weapns and the power to dstroy the world .
Aleated to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nucler waste is not only harmful to umans , it also kills animals and plants .
We are nw fighting f acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no onger bl to freely dump their ste without being haily ied .
People have so becme cocernd out nature .
We used to suggest our natural resources were never ending .
w , though , we realize why we s eeds to be place .
For example , deforestation is a very bi issue . Many groups have frmd to pnt more trees .
We ao reaiz fast fuels nee to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are awre of is recycling .
His links 2 issues , e of not produing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing the we have .
( Rcyclng in a small way als els those without homes because they receive money for hat their collet ) .
Mn countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important iss is that of conserving energy .
In the past , we gained , we assed u energy as nvr ending .
Now though , people are more inclned to turn off tir igts when they 're not in their rooms , to nt eave tp running and basically to waste our natural resources .
We reaze that conserving the environment is not ust beneficial to the environment ut it ao aes moy .
We have also become more consdrate of animal life .
We are no longer able to kill aimals freel .
We do till rse some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilitie of extinctn .
ne realize that animals have rights .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a ne n .
We are slwly becoming more aware and beginning to take more precations .
e idea bove ar just a fe of the topics we are concerned about .
We are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm ale to store lmot e information I ed for school and for other things on my computer , so that wheas efre I had a ompuer my desk was cluttered with paper and ecords of sorts , I no longer need to keep ese rcords to transfer them to my computer .
Th means I 'm be to toe me information in an orgaied fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ality , I 'm sil wae of the tremendou opportunities which I av or il ae .
As from being ae to store gat amonts of iformaton , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balace my checkook oc an onth ad had to do this with an alculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very tie - consuming and open to eor . With the use of a computer , I have programe t comter to mak the caculations which I onc hd to make .
Also , th he use of the Wor Processor , I 'm able to eit earrang documents without alterng ntir doument , and furthermore , though I av ye to use the Communications program on my computer , is program seems to be extraordinari high .
My father h the same program on his computer and is able to use oline tickes without leaving the house and moreor without pickng up the hone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited d that the per of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm here in Adrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to this program , was acepted , and flew here from the US .
t , without th of computers , I would still be struggling th the seetary in the International Programs Office at Ston niversty , no obt .
Next , once I apple to e program , the aplication for which s probably computer generted , I assume my info was procesed by a computer .
Witho hs uxury , h Intrnaional Pogams ffice wod inevitaby be iundaed wt paperwrk d thng would therefoe be lost or at least misplaced .
wife booked my liht , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would be impossible without the ad of computers .
Computers have had a significant imact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 0th century .
An nventin of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is telvisin .
TV allows e instantaneu cmmunicatio of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - frm across town to all the way to Being - evr erson in the world c atc ts een as it is happening .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or en wees f ns ( which consiste of second - or tird - hand accnts , which always volved much interpretation and distotion ) , they can see it happening , f temslves , as it is happening . Ths allows them to mke their own , informed judgmet abot h event , a if a reaction is necssary - sch as te gathering of oppostin to a cerain la - it cn be doe immediately , while the emotions e til stro , n efoe he ation is finalized .
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who atches ) receives the same inflow of information and ias .
So , for example , the pope in Spain can be informed about how people in Clifornia or Jaan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is n part of the prcess of making the world a " maler " , another unified place , or a " global vllge " as o journalist has called this orl of te Informaio g .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important pacical function of television . Through television events , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about if .
They can see various actions acted out to their ns , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the conseuence fo themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always ccurate ortrayal of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as wel as making li look like the God guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so disrted , and so hidden that people are going around actig like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed knowledge of reality , TV is an excellent ol for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of e culinary eas h be calm and consistent o cntries .
Progrs had moved slowly like the contant rhythm of the wve showed little change .
However , with the dawn of the wentieh century , a stm ewed .
Wh this str th water hrned and spawned a wav tht has crashed pn the rocks of evry kitchen .
Ts wave is the microwave .
Neve bfre has suh an invention revolutionized science like this .
A cmplee break s been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the wn of TM , caemen cooed aiml fle over ope fires .
As histor prgrssed , spts and barbeques emerge .
Technology saw the advent of the ood sove , and after , es used by coal .
modern times , sw g and elecric ranges become a tale .
All the things hd ne have in common : FIRE .
Fre , te source of life , as alays en ud to prepare the food of mankind through history .
However , the microwave uses radiaion to excte waer particls in foo , thus creating frictio , which crets hat .
Th is a prime example of thinking ha oes not follow in d footsteps bu breaks aay fo convention d frgs new rutes .
If his wee ot amazing enough , he microwave us cooking time in half .
If you had od someone 100 years ago that you could coing time in half , and no use fir , they would ave thought o crazy , or bewitched , or und the influence of hev dugs .
In an age when TM is the screst commodity , society has embred this eliminator of wsed hours in the kitchn .
A mother who wrks , can com hoe , ca hi up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitcen .
The microav is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess waste to be eate ler .
Agin , 'm is conseved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental ear of fires strtin .
For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying ce of life that many of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout history , one c see that great rveltions in l areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
l These wer needed to create the icrowav , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up n of our impornt activities a us revolutioned li in the fat - - paced 2nd entuy .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 mt important inventins that mde pssibe the ie of a repressive government were the machine and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil pac , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio c be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictaorshp , propaganda .
In the 2nd century , the machine has changed all tht man lies ( except for those that it 's killed ) , bt the invention of adio ha made a tremendous ipact .
The id behind the radio is iple .
There is one transmitter and it sends signals through the waves , with ptentia fr millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , adio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Rdio keeps people inormed .
I don ' t think people of my genratio can even cmprehen how different our lives would be .
Every evening I listen to another forecast and dress accordingy .
At night , I can stay by the radio to see how the events of the day ufolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive obseers rather than active articipants in the the - making process .
Nespapes had been around for mn years but it w no util h invenon of rio tha the poer of the mia beame evidnt .
Rado gives the ability to reach many mre popular , instantly .
As a for of entertainment , radio and mos important the most common offshoot , television , changed the pope 's life .
A typical day for a child in today 's wrl , consists of going to school and cong home to watch TV .
Thr hve evn been fors of entertainment , for eampe video aes , made for his other frm of entertainment .
Noways , everybody wachs TV .
My señora , for eamle , is ovr 0 yrs old , and her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She 's in front of it all d d it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap oeas , game shows , sit - com , sporting events , movies and uh more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know wat life a lke efre radio , but its inveion has changed the way we se and do things .
A current ideogy in the United taes today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed whe one does no do tis ne fails .
One can see these dramas in popular media .
TV commercials and TV programs projc odels of one should be .
In the 20th century , the vals that the United States was founded on have changed in eanig and sense when applid to modern day America , oting was ever equa .
Adtoa , since the invention and utilization of oden technology such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster speed .
Pepe are mor moble , cn work more , and u or things , u are for reaxatin and family are often substtuted the TV . In America , ths growing individualistic ociety , we no longer see relative uanness between people , nstead one sees differences , t unlucky , the unsuccessful , d attribute their inabilty to aciev to a lack of effot .
With everyone moing at suc a fst pc , the gaps are easy to miss . The voie of the MS MDA easily relace those voce that strggl to be har .
T parts of the new maine that need to be oied and regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Canide , a literary syle non as Neoclssicism was at its ek .
There was a group of scholars in rnce , l'Acdeie rançais , that were guidelies for French literature .
According to l'cademie French , all literature of the Neoclassical period ust fllo h rules of ropriety which regulated the uthor soul avoid cruel opics , including SX , violence , chrh , and state isus .
Another standard upheld by the Aademe is the de of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the tim , setti and lot true to level .
Voltir , as a Neoclassicist , kne l these regulations and followed them in his lterature .
However , when writing Cndide , Voltre defie the Aadeie 's rules .
Canide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists lkd for literature to have good manners : they dd not want to step on nyone 's ts by mntionin ex , iolence , curch , or state issues .
In addition , Voltaire did ot see to mind stepping on toes - in fac , he did not smash feet !
Voltaire went behind e cofort lvel when he mentioned Se .
He td of the two ils of Rellin who were lovers of monkeys , and of Baro who athed with Musim and was puished for his omosexual act .
ex turned into violence when uegonde was eig raped by a Barbr , and witnessed his mrde while he was on o of her .
A wise old woman uderwent the removal of a buttc by pirates , as we as experiencing rape .
After the Baron is caught bathig it the Muslim . He receives 0 lashes for his sin .
Cndie tab the Barn , an esit Priest , afer e Baron forbids Candie 's marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironially , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegde and the old woman both tell their stories of being defild like an entertaining story in their conversatos about their travels ; te Brn alo continu his tale with yle after telling of s beaing ; nd after Candide " kil " the Bron , he leaves to sarch for Cunegonde wih no second though until he re - encounters the Bron later in s ravels .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody or in which Vltare wrote anide .
Voltaire chooses not to ay away from church and state issues .
He attracts the hpocris of t Curh in the old woman 's father being the Pp .
When Candide vist h an of Eloado , Vlaire shows the people 's prfct relationship to d : they only prase od because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in a nrealistic situation to foil socty 's imperect relatioshp with God in the wol .
Volire makes fun of aristcrac in hi decripion of the aon , wo ame from 71 generatons of nobility but tll ack gentility .
Andie nd is companions ne with 6 dhroned kings h reresent the overimortane society places in hierarchy .
In the portraal of the utopian society of Eldorad , Voltaire oils the imperectons of society .
Accordin th Lunde , 35% of homicides ictim re kille by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 ae greater hn Ludes ' thes .
Frustration is the main factor most implicted in those trageies .
Mos case ar those of " riggr puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , and less activity is taking place than 30 years ago .
Thity ers ag , minoitis coud n't ride a us , VT , or go to school with white people .
Desegrgation reduced some prejudice , but it til xsts .
The difference is , toda , sial prejudce is not opnly expresd as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nc to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then be obligated to give nie hing back and return avors .
This is based on equity teor .
It uld be better for the client to do nice things for eson than it ould be to as a fao of he person .
Someone who lives in the north who oms to ive in the south ay be prejudied toward Blcks at first .
fte living in the south r a hie , they ay dop suhern attitudes toward Blcks and fe prejudice toward them .
hs is cnfrmity .
Th ame goes to Southrnes who move noth .
Tey ce to feel prejudic oward es .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudiced oward Jes , Backs , and Mxcans .
He adopted wte attitudes against miorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Our country has is called a " mlting - po " mplying that we come from different backgrounds but have jined or eltd together to rduce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's eriage , as we are raliing , is important to their ens of self and communt .
Ethnic Ameian cuturs have been reivin ad ryig to rstablish roots that were oce loped off to a moel U.S. citzen .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more olr , flavor and exciemen to that bwing " t " of ou people .
However , some idiiduals d even groups of Americans are reaing negatively to this ethc explosion ( sen most clearly through the rt ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
The chose to emain indifferent to the plihts of their fellow Americans .
As Ele Weil , author of sch oks as Night , ay abut indiference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The oppoite of love , beauty , intelligenc , light , joy , li and growth re ot their familiar atonms bu independence .
Etnic merican literature rie to ight th independence by viidly and uniquely exresing certain aspects of different Americ cultures .
The gat of ethnic American literature is out of bounds .
Each grop has its own peculiarities and attrbues that make it wring unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American iterature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongu " .
For instance , Native Amercan poetry is more expressive than visual artly because the language is deeply rooted in the obervation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Lteratue is philisophical / literal because hei native language is so .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmi , mroring their similar chievemens in Jazz n Blue music .
Al ese examples ( and ore ) give us some insight into other cultures we oul otherwise never know .
The sries told in his genr of literature , however , are like the most important aspect of Ehnc American literature .
It is hrough the experiences of the characters tha we ean about the different cultures in the Uied States .
When we learn of the trials and hard hard they went hard , we can sympathize with their motons and try to acep that diverty .
The storis of black American slaves and of concentation ap victims are necessary to avoid indiffrence .
Without learnin about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no wa to ensure future hmanity .
thnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in any way .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand or personal relationships better .
os of all , it gives us or common groud on WIC to lve , a row , and rsper .
Hopefull , we will smedy flfll Elie Weisel 's goal an en indifference . Ts iteature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the ivrsity of our country .
The difference is beautiful !
Vioence on television and be seen throughout the many chnnes tht cable has to offr .
With an average national TV viewing tie of 7 1/4 hors daily , the prevalence of violin in bradcass is a serious problem .
levision programig in the United States is considered h ot violent in advanced industrialized natios ( pburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violet TV shos because the action thrills them and , in sometimes cases , the child becomes violnt .
Violence is ommo in TV entertainment-- h dramas portray stories about crime , psychotic muderes , plic cases , emerecy evices , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
levision violence is prevalent in the United States and many people make isagre effort on children .
T V - chip is an electronic devie that blcs ot violent event show .
So people , such as the Snat Comerce Committee , are n satisfied with it .
The nate Commerce Commite aproved ill craing a partial an on TV vioence and a so - called report car that wol identify stations carrying iolnt programs and the advertisers sponsoring them .
The bils would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the anti - iolece roposas are as follows : the enate V - chip , the House V - cp , a Tchnlogy ND , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Reort Crd .
These proposals could work if Congress had own support .
he National Associatio of Broadcasters acsed te Snate of " pili on a ream of prposals to build up an unprecedented fedral censorship bueaucracy " .
The NAB ls insisted that broadcasters already have responded to cocerns ver violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shos show violnce because it appeals to adt viewers .
If a crtain lot ivolves a rder , then the murder mut hapn .
Some people ma n wnt the ctal murder to be shw . t hat is up to whomever is writing the television sow .
ny made - or television movies say that they may contain violent scenes a tt viewer discretion is advised , but how man arents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examinaton of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 95 - 995 seaso has concluded that sinister coba violence ervades an enormous number of Saturday - oning caroons ( Jnsen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
h most violet cartons are ' Tenage Mutant inj Tules ' , ' Side Man ' , and the ' Bus Buy ' episodes with Elmer udd .
As for the shw containg siniste combat violence , well that is strictly up to the iewer to decide .
Te reason for teevision violence is to ad texture to the sw and not to poison children 's mds .
he infamous V - chip may stp som shows rom being shown to children , but one day that child will be violence and they will have to eal it , ratonally or o .
