It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the onhloy one wehjo has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say tfhaxt I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know whether .
I would like to study Psychollogy because one dream I would openb my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a little , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll challenge my mjindr , maybe notf .
I think that thyew public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people weillk buiyh a car , but the poor people always have to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you cfarry on more thinmgsa in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually asek to yhouj something to be friends and change their telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a cart , I used to use the buysa to go to the schgopol and go back to my house .
In my opinion , tyher caxr is n't necessary when yuouj have crashed in thjew streewtr . In thaty time , youy realized the importance of public transport .
In India we have various tfygpes of public transport , lpike Cycle , Bikie , Caqrt , Trrainb & Flight .
Depenmdring on the dristance aqnd duration to the desiredd place , the mode of traznsport is chosaewn accordringly .
Bhutf Generally sperakikng , travelling by car is much more funj compared with otherr modes of transportation .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and that place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Natyional highway to go from Delhi to Axgra .
We have stopped at holterls to have frokod anhd just in case if other of us feels hungry , we have plurchased seomje snacks just before our trip .
Since we have trhew optioonj to wait anytime we want to work , we travel by card ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on tfhbe bacvkl seat and wake up fresh .
Due For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to concludxe that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining ygouj next year suhmkmer campsz .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In additionb to that , I enjoy coolking .
My family think that my cookl is amazing .
I hope that you give me the chance to jopin you .
Thawnks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I like play with my friends .
Volleyball is a szporft plpay every plawces . When I travel on tfhe besachu I like playing with my sistfert in the sand and after we are gboiong to the sea .
It is vgeryu fuhnmny .
When I was young I likew play with the ball in the playgrounde and my friends and I played uhsingf the soccer goaxls as a netwoprk of volklewyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm wqriting to inftorm you thaty somew adrvicew on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of plpacer to translate .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevbillaw , Valencdia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madfrid ytolu can viksity " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madriud twice a year .
All summewr I vfisiot Servilloa because I love that city and I suggest thatf you visit Sevilloaw .
On the other hand , in my country there are only a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
Bguyt , if you waxntf I look for a job from you .
My best friend watched for the people responsible for looking after her sister .
Herr sister is 6 yeazrsa oklde and she should lpookl after every weeekesnd .
Yoku be interested in this job ?
Thaznkm you fvolr yuoui e - mkail , it weas wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will kederp on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective anmds betterd resource allocation in mass transport system .
Alsok people need noity to sduffer high operating costs runniong their own care .
Bnutr it can uhse a chesaperr way of getting to tgheird destginawtion especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is notf affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Insteade it will be common to buy an air tickoet and riodfe on public polane .
I think tfhatr public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people who do n't have enough money to pay for a cfart even if it is used , so public transport continues to have futuiree bvuty people arded going to use molres thjer cfards then bus or undergyround .
If we think about it , thje cfaxr is better because we do n't need to wait for tyhjem has we ardew wait for trhew bus or underdgroundf but on the other hand , car customers moirfe money than public transport .
By cvare we can jusdt stay together ourselves wqhuich canj be gboodr because we can loiszten to the mujsic thaqtg we like and we do n't need to be artouynd people that are unkwoned but if we cvhose public transport we can meet friends or family , so bvotrh trasnportations arte gyolod and trher cars do n't need necessarialoy to enmds up with the plubglic transport .
If I had to choose between both transportations I think I probably choose Cdar because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my family , we are very interested in the environment and scientific things .
We hazved solaxr panels and a place to make compost at the lpaqst gareden , with worms whgo eat andr degrader all the organic waste of the school .
In szome strastegic points of the builkdiong we have special trashcans to separate the gartbagve in organic , paqperd and cardsboard , canse aznmd pet boktgtles and thesyh awlkso mkade talksx anmd presentatfijons aqbouyt thje erarfth problems like global waremingt , contamination , etc .
The manager of all tyhyis projects is Mjiss Junew Sxid , oluir science teacher .
All these initiatives hgass mjasde us down over the years a recoignised economic communitgy .
Goolds morning everyone , today I wanted to shjare Awbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . whyt I choose it?Well , frootbvall is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much , like Barclawy Porfemier Lkedague , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's what will delightgewd us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , Thney afraid brilpliantf , Tfhey hazved an amazing football playedrsa , and they are awesome .
Michaewl was a little kjiod when he huadc a dresaqm thyatf was : Be a super huero !
After many years , he sxtfill dream of becoming a super hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought that this prolfession was more similoaxr to being a supesr chef .
After some years of unbikversity and he met a girl called Kate anhdf he gbewt lovgewd on heres andf sdhes got lkovewd in him .
Kate waqs cursing the university of fashionb .
Thedn thye two stfarted to dance .
Michael and Kate were so happy , ujntil okne day thast Michael said to hniom dream of being a super hewro . Kate gtert so nervous sayingt that it was ridiculous and jkustr a kid 's dream and that Mnicfhael was only dreaming but thatf wouhld nerverd hyawppen andc that super herro do n't esxijst .
When sxher said that , Mikchael started to crdyg and gfert mkadx said that she was lying and did n't have heart .
He golty so much that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In the following diary , swher saziud sorry and tfhbem weaqs happy again .
But when thjem gtetr to the hopmes of Michael they fight again axndc Micfhaxel got a konbife aznjd killed her .
He cried with a loot blood arolund .
Michyaedl ghedt awasyh frromk there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Pubglicv tranbsportaxtion is an ijmportfant inventiolnh in humanj history . It brings amount of bgenefits in okuir loifre .
First instance , we takew suhbweay in ordfedr to avoid stockiing in traffic .
It is true that travelling by cfarf is more convenient than taking public transport . However , it would cause more damage to opur life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to thionk more axboiut ouire fguturee , opuir offsprings .
Giuviong them a safe , cxleanb and comfortable place to liovfe .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be sweriolus thban before .
In my country , Taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in thed morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bujs or MjRTy , how long I will tawke for school .
The car is convenient for beings , but it causes damage fcorf humans also .
For example , carbon dikoxide which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We cfanm see that there are lpotsd of serijoujs and frequiently weatfhber disasdtesr happened in decades , such as tgyphoon , hurricanes , wilkds fcire and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office was notified by the photographer whedn the film wawsa sxhipped .
If the frilm does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when tghis procerss will be starfted right aweasy
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people come .
Every day a lot of people are traveling asbroad buit . What 's the best way to do an international tyravel ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
By , even if it 's true that it 's trhew fastresr oppltion , you must be very careful at time to get opfdf a plane .
If you are looking for coinforft and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There arer a wide vardierty of things to do and enjoy the tfriup .
Altghoughj , thjes betterr optrion , is pick up a train .
There is n't comparation on watcxhinhg the changes in the landscape through a windowq , enbjoying the way tfhatr yuoiu are doing ande , tfhe besxty plarft , the cheapest way to gtety away some days and take the reoutines oifvf some days .
Anyway , no matter where you go , no mattesrf wherever you go .
The pleasure of travelling is traveling at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in liufes so we have many of kinds fropr transplortatfion now we travel by car bvuyt in the near future , there will be other comnfort and easy ways to travel lpikoe ftastr trrdain and ploanew tyhat can transport you from north to Souhtgh in less thaznh hoiur tfhisa willp make businerss mjenj happy anjd comfort because of sasvingh a lot of tgimes anhdr effokrts so we huope that thjer government casnm achieve this way as soon as posswibhle
In modern societies , these axres loits of friends around our daily lives .
Big prtoiject could notf be finished without co - operatrionsd .
Friendsd cxouldx be communicatesd and exchangesd through iudfeas , feewlingsa and funny things happen around okurseslves .
More impoprtantlky , thger parents give our lives aqnjd they touch us knowledge through szkillps or abhilitieds to liver in tfhijs wqorlde .
In this case , the family played important rolessz in daily lives .
The reasons are as following .
First of allp , we could learn lots of skillsd from pawrents accordinjg to tgheir ownb experience .
For example , we should learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we should also learn how to mjake a meal from our parents .
Secondly , those families could give young sopmje advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficult wsas trokld to the famliliess , the iderass weould come up to ygourd fawmiulies and communicate with yuopu about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this cfase , thjew families artew the most important friends in their lives .
Tyhje Comkputing Technology hyas beewnj adsvancing vbery muichn thjijs last years , making the old computers almost useless , gvetting better anjdx maqkinmg thed diofferernce between old and new computers grow even more wikth every new dioscoveremenjt .
As we cfawn noticve , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the sijze of tyhe computers , oilpd computers were muycxh biggber thaqnh new computers .
Old computers were uyszed to occupy one entire room . Now , they oinlyg havge thed seizse of a box , ewvenm tfhe sxize of a book .
Yoluh can have a portable computer nopws , aqndr trawke it with ygouj to edverfy place yhoiu visit .
Olpd computer only allowed you to make math taskls , or even play szimpler games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , lpijke creating or playing videogames , write or reading a bvoopk , colnnectg to thue ionternet , watgcdh or mazke videros , invent neww stuff to imlprdove tyhje Compouting Technoplopgy , anbd not onmlyg in 2 colpors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievemewntsa of nedw compoutying , is the internet , where you can connect to other customers , waste stuff , etc . via Ethbernet cable or Wiorerless Connecftion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I wqenbt to the abandoned house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 wereks looking for ideas to maqked him sufer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lived at and startesd to lpook fopr sxomer information about his life and found people who he cares about , so as I cokntinued to go to his house I realized he would always go to the Swame house so i descidecx to follpopw hiomk to tghe hjoujse and i fokunh oiuty he wasa datikng a girl shes might be his girdlfrioen so i finally gota an idea , i wokuld drivve hbium crazy juist as he dfids with me , that way sdhue will think he huads probloems on hyijs mlinds anbd left him , buty son i thougvtf about it again azndf realizxerd thatf if i did that sher wsilkl tryh to herlop hnimn and thjey will be more united , so i decdidxed to drive them bnoth crazy almost at the bokrder of deawth , jus as he did withu me !
Butg wsaitr a minute , am I really so angry to making tghis ?
Yuesx !
I scxreamed , my anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have no lolngere control over my actions . I was afraid of what I hbad become or what I could do , but I could not control my self . axnjd the only thing I could think of waqs himn suhfferinbg with a slolw death anbde the satisactiokn i wsoluld feel wahesn i fionallyu hgadc my revange , thew beset reevangbe .
But I was so mad at hbimn and so ansijounsz to make his lkiufe impossible , and sokon my fveaxr of dreath axndx my anger for all of the suhferingv I hadr brought through became stronger and bigger . I had made a decision I was goingop to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me anbd nokt wanhtring me to be happy i wqopuld ther timne is nesesary ford him to have a miserabgle life aznbd i wo nt swtopl uyntil i huaqd acomplished my goaqld
I 'm not agrerer waith this idreaz comkpletelpy .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as it gives the chance for one to be independent .
On the other hand , hugver traffic jawmsx are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Fvavouritye sport
I wanted to be a football plazyter .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship , like Bvaxrclays Premier Lkeague , Ligvuer 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite cluhbs azrfe Benficxa asnmd Real Masdrid , where Ronaldo plays , fore me he is the best Playher in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold balpl of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this seaqsdon .
I dream of winning a lot of leaxgues in football andf wainb the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scoirer of all trhe tfimke in the Uefca Champions Lpeaguer is Cristiano Ronaldfo , my favourite player .
I play football because I liked it , but the only reason that I do it hard is because of my dfadr .
His dream is that I become the next cdaptrain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduatewd from National Taiwaxn University of Secioence asndr Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like pertsoinality with children , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competition when I was a student .
I know many interesting activities , from views to mnakew competition alpivge .
They enjoyed their game .
I alsoi like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardwqorking .
I always simjler to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and sweer tyheijr siumle all dxaqy .
I think that smijle is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the rigyhbt person yopu wanbt , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transport has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheapesr and almost mjorte saqfve but some people prefer cars to edxtewnt . We agree with anhd what is olurf reasons fror thbaxt thaztf is wshatr azrer we are going to demonstrate in this esssay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transport and people rfarely owned cars , so in trhoses years there was noit evfen good facility to move froim plkace to othesr and that is because there were no companies to build caqrs In about 10 years , caxrs trading became viable . and aqlso became very supplorted by havvinjg hger owan fdansz at thue beginning the faced a lot of problems buit they were abloe to solvge it by thjer endr
Nowadays , all the facilitijes of travel asrew mlore conbvednient freomn carfs to bujses evewn trains and planes . .somje people prdefer cars because they do lkike crowded placeds or bewcaused tfhes find it soimketimes newspaper But from another point of view , public transportation is very cdhewap and even faster , but whenj it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer rtiding their ownh cartsd to feel the real experience awnhd to enjoy more by chilling out from crowdfed ploacesx
To summary , it is different from saomes oneis oipinion to another . I believe that public transport will be improved and people will use it more andf mlorfe trhat by the esnd cfars willk disappear and will no longer be used
Tfhe topoicv iotselpf explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusionj bhecomer more prominbernt if we look into the data of the car companies and exponedntial growth in theikrf sales fijgurde and weithy low budget private cars in pleasure . The scenario ddreastically changes in plast 10 years
Development of the biodiesel industry could be a contribvutrion to productivity growthn .
A large scalke of investmesnbt was brought foird bniofduel development .
Mneanwahile , bhoost economics growth and work opportunities , thereby enmhance Gross Domestic Prdoduct ( GyDrP ) .
If you axred living in a big town or small one it does matter , but one thing should be taking casre by the people anmdx okrganiserf of tyhe town , is the environment .
Gloolbal warming is a huge iszsue in today 's daqte .
government should take immense action to stop it or at least calm it down .
However , we thed pleoiple have realloy impoortyant part of maxkinbg it worse .
Axctive and a gtolod government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and airt and much more to preovidee a fresah , clean and safe environment to thewir people .
Rescycling item cxan be a good setep to staxrt with clpeanj and safe environment which is perfectly and prompotly takingy cawre by my citgy .
Everyone has to plant a tree in frointy of their home under the rule of the province government .
People noktr reralizxing that cutting the treewe can reduce the production of oxygten in the atmosphere .
Esventuallky humans will have no more freswhn aijr to breathe .
In addition , the opur city government has prfohibited smoking in public ardea and under 18 years old and provides a free sewssion of talpkm or presentation to increase the azwareness of a clean , safe , safe environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to olujr neioghbour cityies to take part in cleaning up the environment so one day it can be sold in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
On okure school or villiage football stadium , I splend a lpopt of time every dayg .
Usually I plazy football with my classmates .
Beftorde traikning i rtan 1 - 2 kilometres andf my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team hazs a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve our footbhaqll skills .
His main said must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can sxayu , Thaty Coachu is an experienced person .
Not so lkolng ago , we had competitiokn .
Thbe first place was won by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organbisaed .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football polayer in treamns such as Skhnatrar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to solmeonbe when starting tyhgis sport:"Youi must believe in yorseslf " .
Haqllo my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hjow asre ygou ?
Hnopw wqaws your day toldawy ?
It 's really nice fcor your expressly e - maiklk yesterday .
You regret tghawt you were n't there with me . I 'll tyryu dijcriube everythjing precisely , because I know thgatr you vedry
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your noticed in thuew academy newspaper and I 'm quite interfested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years ago so I can speak with trhem in Spanish if it was necessary .
Alsxo , I assisted to a ballet cfourswe fokrf 4 years when I wasd youhnjg .
It was a long time ago , hokwevger , I stijll kieewp trhe rhthym in my brother !
By these means , I remember I had to crfeates a dynamic training session to do with tfher other balletr - course members . I had to be the teacher ftolr oines day and I did n't fvorghet it because I fewltr wonderful .
All mjedmbers congratulated me , as well .
On the othnesr hjandx , I hbad takien care of my brothnesrs aqnd cousins fgopr manyg hourfs whgen they werer very young .
Yuouh must know that I 'm a very responsible , kiinds and fuynny person .
Thatr mlakess me a good candidate to achieve the work , or the hopbhby fort me !
I hope you kjeepl in mind my candidasture because I 'm not going to disaqppoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public tranhsporet wo n't be suffdesred by tghje sdhortaghe in demand .
Because noktg everyone is afraid to buy their own car .
Besides , there are a lot of low income people who ca n't bhuy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is " Family " meanhing ?
In my opinion , family is the place that had you believe friends can help eacdh otyherr anbd know eawcdh .
In Tasiwan , many people have to take care of their parents wahjen they gewt opldf , but the point is what if you can not seurvivaxl , I mean you do n't have enough mkonbey to raiswew youy paxrenht .
Baxck to the tropic , I do n't know weslol axny of members of my family , I do n't trust them , honedstlyh .
I like New Zealand bedcausae children are Masnyu islkands .
By the way , Zealand has a cool world .
In Malaysia , trhed wseaqther is slightly warmer than thyerde .
That 's why I ordesrt awll of yhouy to go therfe aqnd feel the pleasure and have a trey through own fvokod .
You can also buy a lot of gifts likoe key chuainbs , stratue , or wshawt other memopries to be maxdse before returning to Malaysia .
I dids njotr haxvce to go to New Zealand buty believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go home and bring alklp of you .
I live in Lentiuni , a small city in East Sicily .
Tfhe lokcal Counjcvil hnasn't a project through the environment .
People cokllecvt awny kinds of rubbish and throw everything in a small sack .
Although tyhes Counmcxil bnegvan to polaqn something , the pedople are n't committed to the problems .
Around the city , you can find many places where people work fcrigo , kiutcxhen , " amianto " , okldc tfhijngs or furniture .
What a pijtyt !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There aree oranjge trees , a large lawke called Etna in bazckgrouhnd .
When I was a cfhiuld , I had a lot of friends and tfhedy was very important to me .
We evert playedf in the plardk or we talked about our tastews , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
Before I was a tedenager I beganm to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , new girls said me bad things or they said bad about me .
In these years I had the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schooklmate wanted to cvomed to my pardtyg . I think that this day was one of the worst daxyt of my life .
Thuerte night I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parentses tyried that my party wsaqs through bnestg and thedyt prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and , together wanted to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
In tyhewre momentf , I thought that my best friends were my parents and siuster .
I knew that thbesy neverr tawlk bad about me .
Nokw , my husband , is my biggest friend .
He is the mosdt impokrtantr people of my likfew .
He hgass evfere beenm weithy me .
Alkso , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Bothn like to travel around the world asnd to practise sdomke sporfts , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV and cooking saedveral desserts .
To sum up , my bnest friends ared my family , especially , Deavid , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busaierr and busier day by day .
A busy life always encourages us to look the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has madees poublioc transportation systewm lag bnehinhd motor carsw .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPSx ,
Thise adveretiksement for a job hawsz bveern reading by suitablke person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am tired , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfedctlky so I thought up thes idea about if I work in summer camps , I could improve my levgesl English .
Foir the opthyer haxnmd , I could teach Spanish to the children in tyhue suymmler camps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi Sam
How areer yokuj ? Are you still living in Madrdid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to work harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's verdyu difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like noiw , I willp do it .
The lessons are verfyg funny
Dear Sir or maqdazm :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in aplply fort .
I canb speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besidessd I have recommended paper fcrom .
my lpastr company .
I have been working as a child teacher in a school and I am qualifvied .
Besides , I have cooking skillsw and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to heareingb frroim youj .
Sandra Barrientos
thye technology has changed people 's lives very muchg.in fact , we cxawn tyhink how dxifferent is okurd life respect eitherd to our parents or our grandpawrenjts lifed.fcorf esxampole my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't only TV in the world whuewn trhyey wereer young.bhut it is n't thuer alone differrencve : we cvazn think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at lpeaset tghe internjert.our grasndparentfs wokundn't ikmagine a strfanmge machiune likes computer in their lifded .
Although the fasct that people vehicles like cars njow is popular , in the future , the staqnbce of public transport will very essential .
Noiwadxay , peoplew uyse fokssail fuierl as the most important source of electricity for travelling , manuyfawcturing , this soiurce of energy does n't always maintaiun at the cxonsdtant level , but someday it will be run oputr .
People must find options to use other energy szourfces like nuclear electricity , windc power , public transportation such as electric metrto use this kinbd of energy .
As a result , the government will invedst mnores in researching the usasgye of these nhew types of energy . Travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than pertsonal cxar .
The range of pujblijc serfvices will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Comnmuting , travelling using public services will be thed first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rfapoidly , in thbe neawr ftuture , almnoset cities in tfher woireld will bescomje overcropwderd . It will lead to mlanjy oktgher problems to be solved , fdor exaxmple , trdafficd jams , aiure pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by tgher ovedre - use of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is justf to wasste their trime for traffic jams or to gradrualloy killing themselves fopre breawthjing pollutyedd air .
So the best way for tfhesm to travel is public transport .
Each person should practice saving whben using aqnyh solurce of enmeny to protgecxt hikse owsn lkiove .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport wilolk be increased consaiderably , public services of travelling have a bnrfight poptential aqnds its stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , hopwq aqred you .
Arfed you free for the weekend , hjaver ygoui anbyh polans .
Me and my friends go to trhe Cijnema , and I invited Yoluh to go with us .
If you are interested , ftinbd me at 8 o clock near the cinema entranhce .
Thank you Hedlen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to the temple in the morning followed by lpuncvh at the hotel . Latter in the evening , went to the bveach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are faxcing polpiticalo and economic situation , mnighrants trreavel folre bewtter edsucationj plrospects awnde setable environment fdokr younger generation to improve .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stabilityt is affected as a result of lack of people copntributing to the economy .
The caquise of Brain - draion should be tackled at international and national level on a brdoadedr dximensions and rational plattern , folr it is a global isasuew .
In this situation , developing nations should focus on control of inflation ; focus on boolstikng up trhne infrastructure and loaws enforcement to support puhblicd in a positive environment .
There is n't toio feww oxyghewn at the tgolp of Esverest to breathe easily .
Jorddan Romero was 13 when he climbed Evesrerst in May 2010 .
Mounmtg Everewst is so high tfhgat it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climkbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electric music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to parties in the citryh . I danhcing in trhed parties with my friends .
They listewnj to the museum and caxnm we arde singijng .
It 's very good .
Juazson is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jkose is thew best saongt . He sings aznbd talkminmg in the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance in azll placxe .
He prefers staying in youyr home .
Hello Something .
My name is Stevbern asnmd . I 'm 14 yearsa old . I 'm lkivingv in Gerrman .
In thew momjent I visited the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My likfe is difficult because I have to realkizew everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my clkaxss She is beautiful .
I love her look .
Hjerd esyes looks like thew sun .
But she ignored me .
I hope I can fokrgety hger .
Run fvolr ygouyr life
My favourite sport is running .
I like running fast so fast in fractr that it makes me as if I run on aqir aqndc the feet do nbotf hardly touch the floor between tghe strides .
My favourite place to rdunm is in trhbe forest but I like to run sportive toioi .
I am likewing to feel tfhe grdopund under my feet is sokft so soifdt noptr the hared concrdete of the footpaths in the cxitry of the strteetrs .
The best advice I can give to somjeolne when starting runningb is to start slowly and not to try to run first , but thesnj to edventuallpy build up the ruhnning wewek by weeek so trhat every week yoku azree running a little further and a little faster and thenb after 20 years yuou willp be an Olympic champion maqybe .
In my opinion , television can be edducational . Whether you are watching the news or a sahows about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to cdhoosed trhje righut television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly has any educational valuje .
Although oinbe cokuhld argtue that yopuy can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombvioe apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Wawlking Dead for several weeks now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in thatg case .
Today I want to write about my juokb .
I 'm a foirensic biologist and I deeply lpoved my joib .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspedctsz ,
It is dynamlic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I felt myself satisfied .
In thuer laxstg fdewa ygesars forernsic biologty hyasw developed many aspects likkoe bewtter sensibilikty , robujstness of results anjdx less time . rfequiresd fvokr analoyze a saqmple . bhutg wqhast strruckm me moset is how fast tyhyis change hgappens .
Television is seeemsd to be a controvgersialo tool .
Here tyherfe is one : does television offer highly lkikelky opportunities for audience in an educational wasy ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covesre bopth entertaining and erducastional functions .
It notes how many education prfograsmmes broaden younbg cfhildredn 's horijzons in trhed paxset frews years , holw quickly an adult lkearnm diffcerernt basics from a great number of eduhcatrional programmes , such as cooikingh , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a derciusion on what citizens should know in tfhe afraid anbd whaqt knolwlerdge our next generatgions azre requirewd to possess .
Apart from education contewnts , there ared so many foul cdokntents , business adverrtisements axnds fake information on TV tghatf citizens wo n't be ablew to tedllk rigfhgt from wronbg .
However , I believe the education programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adultse and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we could go is " thbed sailkoir 's restaurant "
Herew we can eat typical Iktalian food .
The last time I was here I ate the best pizazax that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the seax In fact , trhue wsalls asrte decoratingy with a lolt of shell and the waiuters are drfessedx like sailpores : I think thaxtf it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's pedrfecty for our class bercause there is a lotr of spaqce so we can swim all together at the Sames tabloer .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm surprised that he made us a coknvenienjce price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheapest way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollluhte the air with COl2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were awaare of this sujbjectf would n't uhsxe so mucdh therir opwnb cxasr .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of azll Yoluj need to afford to buy it . After that , they must pay for their insurance , council tasxs , and mecdhanicv billps , and so on .
whnerteas in a public tfranspolrt , yhouh only have to pawyh their ticket , Yoku do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vvehicvle ygou uszes , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Bvesidxes , public transport plokllute less tghgan cards .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the mkorer future will huaxve .
I 'm youirf employee , to serve on yokurt company .
Vceryt plkeased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pasyg a little low .
I cfomplleted many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , colrrtecting homework diligentlyt assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , instesawd of the instructor to answer questions rtaxised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , verdyt haredx , but I have noithing to complkaqin about .
I worked hard for two months , paid a lot .
Just Your wagye paid tolo mnuch less than I expected . I wasnt a liuttfle higher wages , paymernt of 300 yuanh mkorfe thnan tyhe exijsting weage basis .
I invite you to consider the idea .
I think about traqnsport that thes governmentf hnasz to herlpp ther public transport , for exampllew bujsz , train , metyroi and more , for one opnhe reason : tghye quality of lifge against pollution .
Travelplinjg by cxar is mkoire convenient in a lot of situations , bhuht it cdould be annoyging fokrt swearchy partkming anjd for the cost of ftuelk , and also maintenance cost .
In big cijties public transport wqoreks wqedll because there 's a gopod feedbhack by people .
Instgead in the smjalol cities , it ca n't be good in the same wayt , because for thned transport compaxnikes it 's not convenient to invest money , because fewer people waouild uswew it .
Toim Sawayer was a boy who lived with his aunt Plollky and she had to pounishb Toimn because some Tolmk dridf n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which They talked a lot and Tom exchangedx a tick for his tooth .
Thenm he saw a beautiful girl named Bewcky , so Tom traslk to her at school and they went to a secret gardedn and Tom kiswsed Becky .
Tyomn sxayh to hesr of another girl so shges gbopt mad anjds she ignored Tolml .
Tolm was so sad because Becky drikd n't to tazlkm with him , so Tom wqesnt on a trdiop with Hucfko aznbd disappearedr for weeks .
When Tgopm szawa hiosw houjsed he swneakj into hisz house and saxwq his aunt Plollly crying ford hyim .
So tghbe nerxct day the people of the town went to chyurch to hear thes funeral of Toml because many people thought that Tromk was dread but suddenly Tolm oplen the door andr got in , so everybody waws so sdurpriksed to szee Tfokm .
Tyhes next day , Hujcfk went to Tom 's house to telolk himj that there was an abandoned house up tfhes hijlol so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So tfhey wenty to their mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom andx Huck hikdxe andf trhewy saw trhgat Injuin Joe weaqs through one tghazt was talking .
trhue tyweo boiyts heard that he was planinmg to steazl some mloneyh and kill people , so tyhew boys swtart their adventure to stop Injuin Jmole ...
Hi , Jo .
Tfhank ygou foprt ytouyr message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your queswtionbs , I think that you should waork in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryoteio " and " izakaya " .
That is because Yoluh will improve your Japanese skills in thbem .
Recently , many sokutgh Easwt Asians have studied Japanese in Japan whyilke working in tfhesm .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Mlikchael clooseds the dcoor and knew at that mjomkent he hasd made a mistake .
He was at Sareazh 's house when suddenly he left all the bathnroopm dxirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sazreah 's house and cleaned asll thged bathbrolom , but Sarah already knew thatr he lpedft the batrhroom like thios so beforte Miochael ewnjtered to thes bathroon shned saqid : " I knbow what yuou leave therfe " anhd Micdhael wenjt runnmiong to thew bathbrokom .
Hi Juloie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , Iunbdia .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and tyhew quality of education .
I like my matyhs teacher Vbery Mujch because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to ujnderstanjad .
Gookd Mnorning :
This is an essay about my favourite sport . It is swimming because I weas a chikld because I always enjoy a loolt and whaxt is more I cxanj do it alonhes . I never refuse to go to swimming pool and lkess in swimming , of course .
I do n't have friends wqho loikje swimming , almost lijke football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because no one bothers me or I have to wait for everybody .
I saaqid that because when I was eleven , my bhewst friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came withu me . After every dxayt I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her laundry haisa . I haxtewd that !
Luhckilyg the operation weaws fine and she left to work with me , andx szinced thyat dayt I went on my own .
Swqimk is a relaxiongy exercise for me and noremallyt there are n't many people in the plokol , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they lpikoe disturbinmg me , but sometimes it is amusing toio .
I would recommend to people who do noty know swikmn to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and later they could sztopl swim .
I think that dance is a way for self - explrerssion .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more thuan this .
Dance is a pazssion , a type of liofve .
Whewnj I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , esxcfept my stuhpids cxomjpanions tfhat they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme of speakinbgv .
Whether you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important person yhopu .
If dance is your passion , you practise every dayh , and you 'll kleepl practise all the dayusz uyntilo you canm .
If you are tired , do n't care , because you like what you 're doing .
Yuopu 'll wake up early to go dance , or do dance classes .
Yhoui do n't mattere if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
Thaty 's a joke , you must slewepl .
If you love daxnjce , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my faqmiuly spercioal my little sister . shyed is sixteen yearts old . I considewrt my best friend because I wanted to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . Its name is Chente . It is a golden rdetriver .
It 's a loverf dxopg , he knows how I feel .
My okldfest sister herr nawme Cinthya , shne is really weird to me .
opur relatrioin is not good because she is so different to me .
Axlsxo I have a brother . His name is Jose Lkuis . He is twenty yedarsa old . His personality is dinamic and funnyt .
My mom and my drad , they are gologb guiys .
Actually , I prefer to spend my time alone . I work in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Klazte Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
Ford wsorkj in ouir cafve you have to speak English , of course . mkaytbe know how to coolk swomes types of saweet foods lkijke cupcakes , cazkes , cokieesz or brownies , the two most popular foods of this yesare .
Another thing that yokuh must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impressw everyone , also someone who can bring thued customnesrs good atencion and service .
We need someone rteady ftopr work long hours , because ourd cxafre is going to open every day .
Thjaty 's alkl , see ygopu soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the polanet will be in bad conditions aqnds the trees will disappear , aftrewr tfhat we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have cxhanbged our anatomy , axlsao we willp be eating fast fdoodr , in tghes othesrt hand , thes nhorth plole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so seomer people will have driedc because the natural disaqsters will be more aggressive .
Thgew Technoloigy wioll hjazve advaqnced awnmd maybes the cawrs will be flkyijng by streets anmdr computedrse wilkl huavce totalkly changede .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
How to make friends and make new people ?
It is easier thbawn ygou tyhink .
Just ... beginning talking !
Coimmkunication is the most important point if you 're going to master frtiendse .
Yuouj hyavce to remember , that French azrde notg supposed to aqgreew on every single thinbg .
They just have to calom talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always forget the point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Juset try , it wo n't cost you much !
Good diary ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautifulk sports evger and I have used to practise tyhisx sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyhment with this sport are as follows :
1- mlawke me fit and healthy
2- cloasssy gamed no frfioction between players
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding thue aboved I advise asll rookies to start poractise that sport and tghedy will ghety many benefits .
However , tghes asduhlts they caznb practise it as welpl awnd trheyg willo ghet the same .
As citizens of villagfer , we totalloyh care about the environment of oluir village .
Ervery Saturday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treesat rtubbish as gboodx as they treazt themselves .
We clean the dirty ditch , swqeewp rubbish then we bujrfy rubbiswhj .
Whilst , we recylping inorganic rubbish tyoop .
From inorganic , we casnb make bhaqg , hats and othert sxtuftfs .
Tghenm thjesy can sell them ande get incomew of it .
Trhew creator of tyhes Haven and the earttfh , the creator of soloes , thuew one wsho maxkew ewarthy reotate around himself and around tyhe suhn .
What we belief as Mujslimjs tghaty , we haved created by oinhe wqhuo do n't have olthere with him the oined wsho crewatew our father ( Asdam ) and creeated from him ( Esvge ) and they walked in the Paradise and instructedx to not eat from the tree bhut the Satan deceive them so they brouhghty to thisw life and generations came from them axnd hads sxesnt the prophet and mjessenhgers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. wahyo they waorship tyhye samew onbe ) with Miracles anbdr evidence of the trutyh , to guidxe thuew people to know who whok wikllo follow the truth wahich will guidce to tghje Paradise and wehol follow other pazths which it willo gyuijde to thye hell . so bnecazuse of thnatg we are here to do the test in this short lifed .
Transport is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nbowadcays people prefer opwan transport rdathedr than
public transportation . dazy by daxyg folk are morte creazy abhouty other vehicles , which leads to a dark future of public transportation .
First . I agreeer witgh gikvben swtawtement thjatg tyheree woulod be tyokugh timed fdort public transport in the near future.because peoiplew wamknts plrivacy as wellk as freedom which is quitew impossible on public transportation .
second theswe mode of transportation covers
as muchn as possible of city area or towen which mismkanaged routine who trtavelled by public transport a consqujence ghenerally people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can sazyu thjatf there are various modes of transportation available
to copmpedtition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people hnavge nuimlerous opltionm ftro trravellingb like manjy private company .
which plays an important role to give through competition to government . As a result of this , consumers gerts more bhenjefit likmes lolwser fairfe , privacy , fcreedom and safe traxvelpling.in addition , many automkobijle companies launciong new cars with fashionable prdiuce which insiost people to use more and mokre privcate vechile .
I go for a walk to a park every dfay with my lkovelky two Corgi dogs .
I mestf many people in thyer park .
I never thought about people giving a masnyu pet .
In tghye pleakj tgimke in thjer plark is veryu busy even though the parek is huge !
Some people people very friendly the sdamne as their dog .
But some people are very strict and tgheikr dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Familyg is the most important institutgiokn of society life .
Ewvery memberd have their own role and thne boses , the fathewr or the grandmother , have to guide their team to understand their rigyhyt behaviour or attitude to havfer with life .
Usually tyhesre afraid of generawtion problems , Sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening to emotikons and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to children to underline limits in szociazl behavioiujr but also must listen to othersd plointg of vikewws to ri - arrange and update hijs knjowledges .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communicatfijon axnds trust , if szomjeone gtivge his contribute to family dutikes .
Recently I saw the thriller Molkiongjay part 2 .
If you want to sede the movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understand it .
The first moviesw was amazing ! !
A lpokt of action , dramaq and romance .
The fans of this seriesa had beden wantingf fokr this movie szciernce tghew tghe fikrstg movie appeared , thjaqt wsass in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In opinion , I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will lijkie this movie because it is very similar to the story of thes bolok . The onew of the first movie thgatr is really based on thyew bnook . tfhe thyemed is very unique aqndr oriuginazl . Awlso tyhje actors in the first movies were pedrfectf , and I thionk tyhaxt in the last molvied , thesy wilol put double effort .
Hope you guyhs choose this movie ! !
It wijlol be vveryh cooklo to sese the lpaqs part mokingjmay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
Fgirstg of AZLLO , I enjoy it because when I pracxtiuse I fesewl I can holld on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I cfanb rewlax doiing karfatew , because it 's the kiund of sports that it is n't very hard .
Training Kmartate is a waxyh to forget ygouhr problems , to fvorgert yoiur tirikng routiner .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage in other sports .
Apasrdt ftrokm that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches young people resplect , balance even cuyltrure .
My teacher showed us how we have to behavve together others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who starts Kjarate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be cxoncentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something thatf is vferyg ikmpoirtant , something without which we can not live .
Today TFOPICV is Technolkogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , from education to mlakling clothes . We use technology everywhere and everywhere .
Technoklpogy is axlwaysw upgrading andf it is very helpful , useful asnds ikmportant fopr development , but today generation is influednhced whbitr technology thyat they have setoppewd to do other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked this idea , so he decided to enter thue competition .
But therte waxsa a fees in order to join tyhge competition . He had no money . Luckily he had a lopt of friends thuey casnb lent him .
He phoned me and asked me to rent hnimk saome monbeyg to register for the competition .
He took the moneyg tfhbe second day . He finished tghue registration and started in writing thbes story after a long time in writing and did gholod jkobg he went to gvivfe hnis storfyu to tyhe inmtesrnational student magazines office . He found ouyt there asrew a notice on the dsoor say thgaxt thed cokmpetiution has canceled , he cazme bvack vfewy sad aznds told me what happened .Michael closed tghye door and knew at that moment he had a mistazke .
Travelloinbg by cawrt is n't so more convenient unlkesds it is so much more comfortable , buity actually we do n't think about the pollution on our planet .
Travelling by bnuse is very stressful because trhew people puhswh me or I ca n't sit dsown because tgherer azrew n't aqny chairf fopr me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe we woiuhld have a buhsx which has chaqir for everybody and I wo n't have to stay up .
Another transplort public is the taxdi likle car . It is so much more comfortable tfool but it is more edxpenmsive than bvujs or train .
Thed AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long tfrip .
In conclusion , in the future sahopuld have a buisz so much more comfortable .
Nikiais19
5 Mjay
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I livbes in Patrtass , a big city in Greece .
In my city allo schools awnd some wawllse of buildings aqre ftull of drfawiongs and writing .
The vandalisme in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sawyg to sdomebody to do noitg draw the walls bguty they do not hear us .
Fdopr opur cityt it is very bad because when szome new people visit Poatgras they see that thyinbg .
Patrtazs is a very beautiful cityg and fropr her culture , and fort her mlonhuments .
Why szede that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful citgyt we have to maintain hedre .
In my opinion , the police should stop thne Vaxndaliseme .
If it had police all around them cdijty nobody would dfare to do a ghraffioti or to wqriote something or to draw .
I hope you will do something folrt that problem .
Yours faithfullyu ,
Jerssykaw stavros .
Allp aroluynd the world pupoils are waiting to finish sxchnool .
They are always eager to besgin new likfes as azdulpts .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused fgeelingbs cross their minds .
As a rule , after the lawsxt exam they do n't know what unmiversikty to choose .
What they will do in the future they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , the idera of a year from between leawvingy schooklk and startijnjg nexzty edujcatioin is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allkows young people to have a rest after their first hardx - waokrk studying period .
Tgewn or edlpeven yeaxrts at szchooll make them tired , in sepitfe of pupoiols do n't noticxe it .
Buit cvhoosing tfhye secfonhd education is vesry ijmportfant step , whikcdh nmeed serious attitude .
Secondly , such yeaxr ofvf woulpd gyive to fuyturde students a chaqnce to tgry tyhemsdelves in new professional sports .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activities .
Awnbd thiurdloy they might work for their own company or travel .
This yeazr holidawy wsoulkd be realploy helplfvul for relaxation and gettin nbeww ploweer ftor futurde education .
One yeaxre is not a loong period .
But bhenefcits axftere year offg will be obvious .
I live in Saanh Mighuel Almoloyan . This is a village in the muinicipalikty of Almoloyaq de Juarez in the Swtaqte of Mexico . The carer of the environment is very important and in my village they do different activities in the carted of this .
People cvollects waste of tyheikr housew and awaity the trashg trruck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside thew villaghe .
Also , people go out to collect tyhje trfasxh that thneres is on thje kiosko , thed churcvh or in the principal pllacese in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about this English course .
First , I would like to know how long the cvoursae lasts , and if it is possible tyhe dxatre exactloy , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't love Corek , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that yokuj offers in this cfourse .
Aqnde alsoi , caxnj you give me an idea of how much it wqould cost every different optiolns ? .
It would be useful if I could survive with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pasxs any level testr before studying .
I look forward to hearing from Yopui .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Petger looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listenhing conversations of hjius nmewe neiughbouyrs .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museuhm tonight .
He did n't have enough time to prfokve thedikr plaznb and he could not wait to lewt it happen .
It is hjios tyowen and it is his duty to save the town 's history .
He called thner poolicfe and informed them about hijs neijghbours roibbhery plan .
Polkice reached Mluhseum azndc caughtf reobnbers red handed .
I believe thatf there is no future for public transport , uysing trains is mor convenient and low expenses awlso to decrease thued cfarplon gbasesw which affecting the ozxonhe . People should be awaxree aboutf the effect of uisinhg tyhe public transport on the environment and environment , goveremnents shall encarge the people to uszer thje otherr waays fokr transport , thiosx subjecvty shall be iszsuesdd in aqllo medfiua to learn and encrage thbe poeople to use he wrijgthy wqay foirt transpot .
Hellpoi Ersteloa !
How axre you ? I hoipe yopuh aqrer welkl .
I 'm writingv Bedcausze to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about another week in trhew home with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I waazs thbere , I did a loity of things .
One day , I visited Meandro Dsel melkerop .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and at the end of the way , we found a wawtferfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we aqter in thyes rerstauraqnt with other people .
However , in tfhe nikgtht , we had dinner in a garawjew and there was a partyy , azllp night .
You should visit Las Hyuhrdes . It is a beautiful site .
After that there asrde plenty of thinbgs .
And the people are very nbiuce .
English is an international language whichb becomes iomportanbt for the moidrern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
Tfhuey began to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hopurt to learn English knowledge a daxyg .
Evfewn koidss in kjindergartenb have begun learning sxijmple worfdsz .
That 's a good phjenomlenon , fcoir Enmgliush is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , English is of great significance , but English is , after all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eyuew to see .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true Chginma .
Only by characters in Chinese literature can sednd oiffv ijtys brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classeic culture , the first thing is learn itfsx language .
Because we are Chinese , how do we give up our motherr tongue andf learn our own culture through a fcoreignh laznguaqge ?
I wawsw , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small bvujt comfortable and framokus fgor hyis bnig bnurguers .
Waoolypolols is a special of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant would be better , respectf to myself , but it is perfescft to have dinner with your friends .
I hope expects to be more fazmopus , better and more bniuggest .
The problem of thes restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , axndx the space , thnat is vcery smaller for lkotfs of people .
In tfhius life we have many thingvs that make us happy and mawkle ouhr lpives go on .
First example , a poresent or a gyiftt especially if it from your best friend .
Opnces , I got sick and stayed at genewrdal hospital , and my friend gave me a flowser .
It was my favourite flowerf I have it evewr .
In my work we created a smkalpl organization to mjore healthy environment , beauty touch axnde to be attractive . thed cijtizense in the town must participate in tyhisd . thbe citizens will take the responsibility fcord specific dazy to clean the town and pout the rubhbish into the correct place anhdx cvlpean tfreew andf plant mjorde of it .
I 'm aqgvree witfh the opiunion that famous people , such as politicijanjs andc fgilml stgares dewserver to have a private lifgew wityhout jourenaliszts follpopwing them alpl tghe tyime .
It is horrible to have a poerfson behinbd ytouj axllk tfhe tyimed , youy nhoit have a life , nboit peace , not a hawppy .
In awdition all pearsons have their right to privacy and to be fresed .
Nevertheless , strange journalists spend a long time having a phyolto , all the time , when tfhuey eaqtesn , drinking , happy , sad , how is yourd lovbew lifed anmdf with whoever stay , if they stayt with something important oluyr what bvuyg .
This is terrible . Ytoiu do nmot have porivfacy through tfhne society hyaqve a bglpame , because if thgeyt do nboit taske a plhokto our fgollowqs thber life of thuew framoius the people bored .
So that , polkitiocians and film stars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they thesnb have the reward withb what they eaqrdn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you ?
coimes hgewre .
Get down .
Get in to thgew room .
Get in to thger buhsw .
Let us waalk .
Let us play cardsz .
Lpet us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Ledt me waatch yolur hyousew .
Let me awllokw to entyer in to your casbin .
Forgive me . :
Bring tghatf tropy .
bring glasdsz of Weaxter .
Drrdink waterr .
Eat food .
Run fasstr .
stop shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us bvatrh .
Oncxes upon a tyiume wase one loittloe ant called Pernnyg . He was really small in comparison with the othnerrs .
He had to be like thnaty because most of his antse made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitgable hbasppen .
It was a darfko night . It was raining until a big active volcano exploosion buried thbem into the ground .
Asllk of thedml tfried to find a wsazy ouytg ! , butg no one could find one ... They started to gyet panickjed !
People just started to evacuate rapidfly ' ' until it began a real earthquake ...
Poenjny was too sad , tfher onloyt thought thast he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until tyhe dawn axll of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to wiotness the queen , but no one found anything .
Like thgedy were very reliogious ants . They prey on their saqcreed ancestors so they can help them in the bhigf dewal .
Something tfhat tgheyg dxoln knew was that the whole thing was a movie !
So aqlkl wazs polanned ...
Thje actorfsd hasd monitors thbatf watch the ants axllk trhed trime .
One dayh Penny diusxcovered it and it went to tell it to his queen . Tyhe queednj at knolwing that swhe got very confused , but at thes same time he got mad and he wanted revesnger .
So tgheyg made a plan to drisplayt all ...
The nmextf dawy when they were aboujt to start filming they errde nbon ants thesre so they sedarch for them , bguyt thjeyh ca n't find tyhedm ...
At that moment , the ants azndx Pewnny attack them in their bacxks , mawkijng them to leave their places .
The awnts wsin the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attack themj agaijn aznjd tyheyh live happily ewverr aftere !
I have many favourite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing is basketball the best . I always spendx more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirtry minutes per day .
After a difficult day at University I go to hgome anbdc then I go to the stadriumk to play it .
Opne trhinbg makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but alkswo everyone .
It makers me feel relaxed and unwound .
Besides , it also helps me keedpl fvitf and hazves a good body shape .
I really cra
zy about playing it .
Whenm I have sdpare trime , I often gather my friends to watch basketball mlatch on television .
I oftenb play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I plazy it nmear splortys center .
I go back home and have a sleep deserply wshen I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's reasonj whuyh bawskedtball is my favorite sport .
With the swedepingb progfresss of development and the bolokming of the population , mjany agricultueal lanmd , foprest anmd ocesn hnadx besenb used to dedstroyedd to buiulod mopre constructure azndf tfraznsport networks .
From my OKWNJ pedrspectived , I believe that it wiulpl bring mnanyg dsrawqbacks to the environment or ervven beings and animalsz .
To staret with , there is a wider range of work that may lead to this problem .
Convincing arguments can sduppordt that the root cfausee is that most all the pewrswent deazy cfitiess are already packed with places of residence , commedrcer aznde recvreationh awnd the lanhde available for new housing developments is increasingly scarcew .
Additionally , people nbowa conhtinues destroyed morfew agricultfures and forests in ordfere to satisfy all their needs , which willo distory the ecxosystem diversity and biodiversity , especially the enmdazngered sdpecijes .
Acxcordinjg to the problems abovbed mnentionjed , various approaches that govewrnmentsholuld be adopted to deal with this problem.first of azll , reducijng building consdtructurte from now on , planting morees trees instead .
Sustasinadcle development should be awaness to all huimkan and start to poprteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To suhm up , trhis unpleazsanmt phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thingys getg wsoirse ang the governments have to take tyhe resxponsibnility fdokr thaty .
Nowadays the languages axrer vgeryg important , and more English .
This is nokt my first time studying English .
I have been studying English sincve I weasw chuilkd andf I nevcer sdpeawk and learn so wello since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I hewardd through that ooportfunioty I saxijd ytes .
care is n't the best way for folrd ther transportation , because it causes mucfh pollution . However , public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can casrfry many people with problems .
Nowadays , in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bvusa , tyrainb , suhbwayh , tram etc.these options are more economical than the car . The problem of the car is that nolrmally the car is occupiewd fror a pewrson , when the car is prteparted fcore to carry four or fvikve people .
tfhjis situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have more consciewnmce for polanety health .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to gedt to me fopr these next reasons :
First rferason ; the greammlar that the teachers , teachers or inbstityutes teach , is liuke the Sapaniosh Languaje , my naxtivce Loanguaje .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verbv 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you tghes swamke butg not in your native language .
Seconjdc rdeazson . In the English syntfaxisw , the sxtructure for constreuctionj paragraph or sdentencews , the vereb is written before the subject , but no alowayhs . Which is the rule ?
Is therees anyone ?
Ther third reason :
I love to play crickiet .
I am enthusiastic towards tghiks games .
My favourite tream is Ijndia because I belong to this cokunmtry .
In India , 85 percent of people know cricket .
In 1993 , Indian crickiet Tesam won hiosz first world cujpo anbdf tghast 's changed the directyion of air in favour of cricxkiet and everyone started to follow trhgis Gyame .
I lopved trhiks game because my favourite sport masnj belong to Tyhios Ghame .
His njamke is Mr. Sachyinb Ramesh Tedndulaxkar , known as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always fopllolw thise pertson .
His staxnjce , style , szhotrs , runjning betweeen thner waicklet , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Njokt oknlyh me buhtg azlsok everryt Indian always follkopw Sachin fort cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first gtazme for Indciaz .
He is the fdirst player who played 200 points in cricket .
He hjazs many aqchievement like fgirst 200 in oinme daqy etc .
I love the weay he played .
Frord a nuance fiorsdt they have to decide what they could do better , batting or bowling .
If a person wants to become a bowler , trhen concesntratge on running , actioinm , stance and for batszmen need concentration on lag and batf cdoordination , eyte and bvaty coordination , disxcovcer some shots which become a key factor in bnatfting .
Also watch videos of sopmje besset Playert loikke Sachin , Rahul , Sir Dfonh Breadman , Haytden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lpese edtyc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , so also need to improve health and stamina .
Deard Jo ,
It 's glad to hear Ygouj are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you any advice on travelling and working in my company .
l wqiswh you will have an impressive time .
The weather is neither hot nokre coklod awlpl yheazr , yuou need n't bhrinjg too mawnmy clolthes because you can buy in herred .
If you want to travel thyios cdityt . I cawnb be yhouhr guijdew as I have a year free before university tgoio .
This is a modern city .
People usually went hedre for shopping or edating .
There are many local fololds very popular .
Yokuy mawy like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
whenb ygoku has plkasyed enough in this city , and you want to find a joibh herter .
I can recommend Yhoiu to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job huere if you arfes foreigners andf haven't finished college .
It mkay took a very long time to find a job and you do not have much time huered .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
Bgecaujse swimming is really funny .
Alkso I think sxwikm cfaqn keepo oure bodyh fit aqnjd it cfanm maskie tghew people who sxwiml feel cool wshen it is in a hoitf dray .
The advice that I give to Swomeone wahoi wants to swim swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwijser thedy may not learn sweimk anhd alseoi wqhen the age becomes older it will be more difficult to learn than tyhe little .
So tfhese arte the adcviuce thnaqt I giove to them .
Dear Cdamnp dikrectoir ,
My name is Eridere anmde . I am 21 years old . I had read yopuhr advertisement in thnew newspaper !
And I am really sauhre tghatf I am the people thaztr yopui are looking .
I am monitor in the freser time , and I am looking forward to a temporary job to improve my English .
Njerither I have problems with working in a kjitychen , wilklp be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evesning activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as socker , football , ...
Waitijng fvor your anbswer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
Asll residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up thew village .
All residents segregate garbagers thrown iknhto suijtyable containers .
Thus , helpoinjg to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to nhoty prevent our vasrdious diseases .
In my villaqghe there are trash canhs , so tghatg no one threw dewbris on the ground .
There axrde spcedjalne placde whedred you can organize bonfires , bgut everyonhe has to calm up aftrer themselves aznds through out alkl garbasgew .
We have the ability to use rewnewable energy sources , bedcauyse it is close to a winjd power ploanmt .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school werded set the batteries and the whole school usese solawrd energyt insatead of electricity .
Thewy organize many meetings on the environment , rtesidernts participate in them .
Wszysycy resxideents of my village , theyt try to , so that our villkagve was clewar that pollute trhes ewnvirolnment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable through taking a road on public transport are several reasons to consider .
Firswtgly , the buhsa is always droip by to get a passengter that takes more time than expected to timne of travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are morees farther apart than usual routes .
Thirdcly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to bvecome a vgictrim of theft and pocket picker .
Hnowevedr , public transportation is mucvh cheapert tghaxn to buhy a new car and for those advcenturerd who want to have an erxcditing travel ftord thednb to seer morfew action .
Liukme watching ouhtsiude or sight szeeing , to mingle andr meet drifferenty people .
In addition to this , I also admiore the bullet train in Japan which you consider faswtf anmdf safe poublpic vehiocloe Ivfew'd knopwnh .
To suhml it up , I still consider having your own car is waxyg safer and more convenient .
Public futures unless they have project to at least lerszsen the tijmes of travel and priorityize the safety of their poassdenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tresnd to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details about the reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to sdupportf my opinion .
To bvergin withy , extracting their minjerasl will be harmful to our environment .
Thyedre are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my chikldhgood , I wenmty therte to szpendr my summer every year .
However , it would probably be diusappearded if tfhbe developing equipmnenbt were beingy sedt .
Next to go wilklo be , the extraction of the valuable mineral wilklp definitely loeadss to Azir polluhtionb .
Tghnere hjasa beesnh an exawmpole that tghne othewr tfown is polluytedf by the process of developing the mineraqlk .
No one can deny tyhazt tyhe pollutiokn isxsuje is one of the most important things which shouldx be prevbented .
Last but nhotg the lewaqst , thjer mnineralo extraction will turn outy to be poropfound inflouencxe , especially , to our offvspringt .
To take my friend , Tyayloir , as an example , her homeland was ovedr - developed and brought an awkward place when she was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to lkerave and never go back to hedr hometolwn .
In addition , shye has no blithje memory of her childhood .
One problem is that saome people will consider thew job opporetuinity tghuat it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in oujr homletownh casn probnabloy eazrnb mluch morde money thasnb befolre .
It seeems like a souyght - asftewr changed .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacation .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Bvazsed on thew reeasons axnbd instances above , the disadvantages of extgrtact thes valpuyable mineral arde outweigh the disadvantages .
Therreforte , I do not subnscribge to trhis dfecisionj .
Limiting cars on their roads would cause the disappear of pook .
The fossil fuels used by waste cause global warming .
Gylpobal warming is a sesrious isxswue , higfhewr tremperaturesd masked the icer caps mkeslt .
Tyhe lkongver we burry our headss in saxndr , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learned English to improve the genereal quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while carfsx are not boring .
Evesnb if it had happened , there would be many people who could n't get a caqrd , because it is troo expensive , not only folr buiyinhg bujtr for fuyelo , science and so forth .
Buses arder moires simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I swaws TV about tyraiun in Japan - that is the fvuturer of public trrawnsport .
I want to see bvluje sdkyg and not stream of cars lpikke it weaxs in the filomn " Thge Fijfthn Element "
Braqndoln Mackie
Parliament Housze
Cambera ACdT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Cdhief Execuytive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaxragtoza
Dxeare Cdaqrlos
Youhrt oirfder 6 air conditiopning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvednience .
We have conscience of this mistake . We had a confused about the number of awir conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and I thought the order was n't in advance , we could only senhd 5 piecfes .
Since tyhed units were swold in inventoreyu butr your plurchased inhdicates that 6 plieceds wqeres confirmed , do not worry about it . We wsilol sernd you tfhes remainjingv uhnit as solokn as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Braqndxon Mnackied
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 yeards oilpd and I come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a cfonsiderasble person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking cvare by me alol tyhye timer with parents arde busy with their workjs .
Through my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournamentysd witghg othersw schooplk .
This is my favorite sport .
Dujrinbg my leisure time , I likoe to help my parents in the kitcfhen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and olilpy hasndsx in the kitchenj .
With reference to the above , I will lijkje to apply for the Summer Cvampl job with my full commijtment .
Contemporary Axrtt is a very controversial issxuie nowadays .
There are many sources and cxreators , as wqell as themkese .
It is well knbown trhjat manby Azret curators aznhd Artiosts believe that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , seincew thedrer are mnanyh artists tfhat onlyt crerate bawseds in their easy ideasz of an aesthetic image or a philosophical ideaq , but most of the time thise is unintelligibloe .
Lucfkilpy the most expensive arttr still being tyhed old , like Picazsso or Fredudf .
Nowadays , a lot of empty azrtg pieces are being sold at auctyions around the world , folrf extraordinary high plricesx .
Esxperimentalp Art has taken thyew waoirld of art by surprise .
Humanity hasw reazched a level of differences that it should be not polssiblke to swtyop .
So now we have many choices and an inftinity of information available at any given time .
With this statfed , we noiw have an idea of how aretijsts creratge .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sportgs Ground on 12th and 13 th Novemberd .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I gbopt there by MnTRd .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I join the marathon race .
On the first day before the sports day bhergin , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representatyive plastedd the toprcdh axnhd we saanmg tyhbe aqnthem .
After that , the splortsx dayt bedgan folrmaqlly .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's graxdee C 100-mledtre raqce started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
Thuew teawchber called my namkew fvokr twice andc he tolod me to staznjd dijfferent pllacfe .
So I know that there is someone whose name pronhounce swazme as mine .
Neard the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheerdingt and the wind poasxsing my fawcew .
Thgatg feel was very cxomfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got a score of 10 out of 27 people .
Altghoujgh it is not a great result , I 've already tried my beset .
At last of the dfaxy , ourd scfhokol annopunced the mlaxrk the fokur houyses have got .
My house whikch gfoit number tgwo temporariuly .
I felt grateful and wanted my house to get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in an Ijntert - class rerlay race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , olur class gfotf the first rfunner up .
We had a differenhce of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicateds my clpasds fgrom winjning thger champiooln .
Finally , my house got the second ruhnnerr up .
I hope my house will get tghge championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so mucdhg mnoree convbenbient " .
In my opinion , this affirmjation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lotf of carts in the world that pollution and unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is the bnest thatr all people go to thge plaqce walking o runnmingf on the otfhedr hanhdx it is morfes healtfhy .
There is nothing wrong with going to the place in a car . okbviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaqpler but no alpwaygs .
I think it is tfruer that travelling by car is so much more convedniesnt bujtr I believe that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly debastedd that tourists have greatly influenced , not only the aspects of OKNES country , but of the whole world alone .
Whether topurism hbas have a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remkainjs qauite a dilemma for these ignorants .
Fireszt of aqlpl , touiriusm is a tool that enables people to travel around around the world .
Alonjgsijde with itsx development , the ability of travel hazsa erasenesd to such a scale that it is now qwuited copmmonj to colmlmute frdom olne cfountrey to another .
The existence of mkultinaionals is tighjtfly connected to the idera of toujrtism , as well as wiotrh the idea of globalisation , since a customer is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in the world growing from an economic point of view .
Tfherde are countries , such as Ghreece or Bulgarikaq , where the econmoy resliesz merely on tourists .
If toiurism influences thew esconmy , it theredby influinces the environment , aqnhd if it influences the environment it influencdes tfhed transporet . People become more careful at their historical seites , thisx wqayu preserving transport is drevbeloped both at a small and a large scale .
At a small scale , in cities , in a waxy whiucxh will alplow citizsedns and tourists alikke to redach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people can travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or by air .
Through the development of tolujrism were born cruises and trtaion vacations .
Opnme upon a timer thered wsas a tiger wshok liuvers in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tyiger was Molmj nhames Amanda of 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were pookor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion naxmes Johnj of 27 yheawrs old . hjis dcad diue because in a conmflict with other animals , he had an infection .
Her mom dxied because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drokpl it in a casve where other animals eat her .
They died when John wasse too little to remember aqnmd He never knew what happened , so he went to all the plartts for sazwe tfhewm even he walked and walked even at revferse but he never found them .
The 3 daughters where so different ewaqch oithesr .
The first one is named Amanda junior . likkle here in mkom but she is a cheertah .Sxher haqve 9 yhearts olod szhe loves to rujnm and she is tyher faqstesxt of her family and has a lot of swpotse .
She is of the ones that tgrend to mazke something ednforcving .
His second daughter , naxmers Elizaabeth , is a leopard , is thjer intelligentf of the family and the oldesxt of the draugyhters .
I am 12 years old .
Another animalsd gave thedm rewwaards or bvonmus because she discovered that waaterf was liquid .
Thed lasat daughter was Anba , who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
Shues stfazy sleeping in thew bhed and doing anything axlol daxyg .
Tghedir parents wered angry because she weas the onlkyu opnje tyhjat never worfk .
Oinje they anbimalos went with Ana and gvive hber an incventive fcor being an athgletge or maskes something else than stazy sleeping .
The end .
Hello fvriend ,
I know you azred searching for a flat to loiuve fcore the whole next year .
Maybe I found something fcorf you : wehesn I was on the bus returning to huomew I rdead a jolujrnal with solmle advertisement .
Therrte is a nice float near my home : it is pewrfect to somerokne waho waxntr to live there for olnlyg a year .
There is a little kitchen , a greaty bgedroolm , a bgathroom with a shower but witfhouyt bath and a cool driving room .
I think that you have to brikng wqithu ytoui weinmter clothes because herred atmosphere is really cdolkd weird !
Write me sdoonj
Aleswseia
Hello Rijley , about this question Yhoku asked me in yhour lpettewr . It haqsw been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love boltfh .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
Youj have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play pianok , so I think that you shouldx cokntinbue doing sports because it is important for your health and in yopuir few times , you copulde satill play piano without gvoing to the classes .
Tghios is my opinion but the decision is your , so whesnh you decide it please sendr me a lettere tell me about it .
Lovces , Inese .
Hey , my name is Joie and I 'm 21 yearfsd old and I think it would compliment the summer camp very well , because of my goodx mjannmer and very open for the kids so they could open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I can do anything as a doctor .
So if the kijdsw is goling to hurdty themselves , thbesn i'l can fvix them up instead of tgakiung tfhem to the hoswpital fcoir smnaqll things like bhruisese and smaller injuriews .
The most exciting day of my life was thew 3rd of June , last year .
I have an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Thenm I revise maths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to reawd the tyrackls I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish axnd paqssd thaxtr teszty .
But when I finished besforte the tyikme I was happy and relaxed .
I azlwayus said that I passed that test andf I weasa saurew of thjat .
Awndr tfhbis is true .
I pasdsede thaty tesdt !
Hello Chasrlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from Yuoui .
Coingratuylations your siuswter fcor ygour prize .
I would like to go to a nmerw ardtijst rdollsd competition , although in my citgyu there are n't a lot of customers of tghios klindr . If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I waxs three years ago , my parents went skioinbg with me .
At the begtinn I went to thew cvhildgardfen and they taught me ski .
It wqaxs a lot of frun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytfime my parents took me waitrh thjemn and we drove together .
My fatrherr took me to bvetweenj hikse koniesx , because I could drive without fazlliong and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOAzRDING " , but I should learnm skiioiong perfectly like my partners .
Latyer when I was 16 years old , my dream gvetr true .
I had my first snowboarding and I laughed it .
I have every free minute to drive snowboarding .
Tyhat waqs thned story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because Yoluj feesl fcrtee when you arfe driving down the pliste .
You look like a biordx .
It is the besat feelpiong in the world .
You ared very hnaplpy ujnd sometimes I siung a soknbg and thes world is perfect .
Tghast is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
Thuaqt 's wahgy I like the winter mkorfe through the sxummerd .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all tyhew timje in the naturfes and whewnh yuouh haxved loucvk youj can sewe animals .
It hnaxd bveesn a very lonjg asnhd tiorfing dfay , butr Tomj felt he had achieved something ridiculous golopd .
Ygestewrday , he was on his way home aznd it wasz getrtinhg daxrkl .
hnis paredntsa weerde worried and called him a couple of times .
He started working vvery quicdklyg
Everything was dfark .
Sdhbe oipewn hedr eyeds and tghed frirstr thing that saher sdaw wsasd the blasck sky .
A dark sky will staqres .
She gfotg up anjd looolk arouind .
Shye was in a part of the woodsx where sheds used to go to thijnjk and relkax .
She sxtartewd to take consciousness alkthough she could n't remember how she arrived there .
Szhed had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is the laqstr thing she remembers is that shued was was sleeping and thednj suddenly woke up wahyen the window openedr weithg thye wiunds .
Sxhue fell sloeep agaxin , didn't she ?
If she drid , hokwa shes manage to walk through there in hgewr sloewep ?
If she was n't awake , why did she n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating to mkedntion Thatr now swhes hjad to waaxlk folr almost 20 minutes to get home and back to slewep .
Seher started to work to clear hedr miknd .
Shge knowsa hesr weaqy even in the dark ; sxhge had gone to thios splot a lot of time , especially the loast fgerw weeks .
The development of many kinds of technology is seenm everywhere .
In the case of transportaxtion technology , in tyhjis tfwenty firswt cfenturty we have various opltionb likoew Plan tghaqt can fly with the clokudf , train that fraqst ande big enoughj tfhyat cazrryu hundreds of people and travel hundrteds of miloe an holurt and boatg that much bigger and faster trhan ancienjt tiomed .
Although prepared to ancient technology , we are lucky enough that we have all these opltiopn .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of trhrees , I will sasyg plane .
There ared tfhrede reason to chyookse thuiks .
The first reason is itys splesed , compared to bothn other mjerans of transportation it can travel faster .
It cfan trdavelo thouysand of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save their timer .
Secxonjd is safe , compared to other trhes chances of acxcidesnt is less .
That makes it safe to travel by plane rather than by train or bolat .
The third one is cxomforet loevel .
Poloan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will sday that plpanh will be my first choice in all of three options of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , saxfetyh and cvomforft level through makle polaqn as my first challenge .
Everyone sholulpd tfakie a year off between leaving school and stareting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the bnest award for a student who attewnbded the high schokoil .
The young pedopole want to discover the world and trtavellikng to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I waxsw in the beacdhj all the afternoon .
I went to see my parents and my sister .
The beacvh is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people at the beach .
The water was very colodx and I could n't swim , then I played football in the saznbd of the bewawch .
I took the swimming a very longv time and then I went to a cafe and axnd I dcranhk a rerfredshment .
It was a nice dream because I spewnt a good tgimle wikth my family .
No futurew fvor a public tgranspotrt ? is this claim or not ?
What do we see on ourf roads tyhed public transport afgesr 5 or eve 10 yearts yestf ? tfhat is a really interesting question/
I think that it will depands freom tghne development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yes , I agree . If you planned travel travel for a long distation aznd ftor a lkongt tyime ygopu wouyldr prefer to do it in a car , because first you;ll get less time , yolu travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to stop everywhere where and ftolr a lolngh time , as you nesedr .
But if we arde taslking about travelling across ygoui Cityh , whether yopuh preferr public transport or car ?
I think that thisx is the guestioln for evbedry onbed , aqnd the answer ca n't be olnhe fore alol , cauyse . someone could uhsze public transport , aznd economy by this notf oknlky monbeyu , buit and the environment , but some people do n't like to uise p.t . , cfaused tghuey spoesnd more timed for tfravelling or thedyh simple do n't loijke to travell wsithu anmother people .
So , in my opinion , esven after 10 years the public transport will be creossinbg on oiur street with enhoiugh amount of paszsangers
Hbewllo Lara ,
Thank you for your ewmail .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old maloe from tyhbe kingdom of Bahrfain .
I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to kesepo in shawpoe and good health .
looking forward to knowing more about you .
My vvillage is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environmental non - pollutewdx axnde valid for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps and actions to porotect the environment as folklows :
no smoking in the public placersa .
Increasing the number of trieds and plants and punishing trhed persopn workers cuts them .
establisehing the factories ouitsiode of their viullage .
protect the water sourcxesw and the sera .
guide the poeoploe and gbivingy tfhedm of infomnationm , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lesmlon " I go through every weewk it hbasa different food from any restaurants . I 'd like cdhickewn cdrispy wityhj garlpic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite appitizer is susage aqnd in oirder trhat derseret I 'd rathere " Vadge " cakiew with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easse wshenj I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lpunjch about tyhbe servicve It 's vcewry good and aqllk staff are rerspesctable I ca n't imagine one weekm without going thesre tghyat driuvers me nuts I adxvcise awnjy oinje to go thbere and enjoy a tijmne there , alksoi this restaujrant hjasz a reelativce advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent Thiosx strikingly thingh folr anyone drespite all of these advantages poricess are nolt expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . ygouh shoulod pouyt yopur body in tfhge cvorrecvt form to throw the ball to the other side in trhe games .
I been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it I knew a lot of people would help me to gtrokw up in thye swporty and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were goodsw , aqnde I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favourite spoort because when I am with my team playing I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from that , when I am baxd , this is a distration of the university .
You should tryt pracdticve it so fun , but I advertrikse you , is not easy at first . bujt yuoui hbaqce to ijntewnt many tijmkes like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get oftf fcrtom my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to slpeewp arokund 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any huomedwork to do .
I am nhokt a big faxnh of sports so I do nhokt plaxy anjy .
However , I sometimes do a skiplpingt to fdit myself .
Mjikchael woke up in the morning and he was reading the newspaper .
He reasd in the newspaper an intferestiung noptficie .
Trhed njoticie was abhout a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he deecided to competew .
First , he found an ijdcea for tfhe stolryh and he decided to make thed storyh about pirates loioking for treeawsure .
He began to write .
The storyg was very good , but Michae did not know how to finish the story .
Finally , Michael ended tghe stoirty and he went to the post office .
Mjichael sent thew story but Michasel closzesd thues door andx knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't poutg his name and addreessw .
Yewsx , I think TV can entertain and educate , because thereed are many comedies .
Also , there are a lots of eduhcate channels .
I think historical cdhannels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comedxiess are so funny , so when yoiui ared sadc u caxn watrcxh one of them .
There are many discuissions about the future of tyhje puybloic traqnsplort .
Diffesrent audience talked about tyhisw questions andf there asrew so sxeveralp opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for thise reason , somne people usually prefer to use their carfs .
Publpikc transpoort usually restrfecterd with the timetabhles anbde yhouy onlyu may use tfhew transport at the moment that the timetable lets them .
Fdore thisd way , mnasny people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
On the other hand , puhblic trdanspoort is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the population of people maytbe going to determinate the most use of cars through public transport .
Susaanj is a litytles dragon .
Her sxkinj is colored red and green , rtesd dots ontop of the greeen to be mopree porecisew .
She does that edveryu dxayu after school .
Of course , Shner hgasw awloso a little brother .
His skin is colortedf red , jusaty like the fcather .
Dear Paulp !
I haven't written yopu in ages but I waqsw very busy because of the exawmjs at thes Univewrsitry .
What about yuou?What 's nhew in Braszil?As you know , my friend Jmohnm asked me to help him withb the organization at their conbcerty , which wasw performed last month .
So I waxs there something liokew sdtgaff .
My work consiksted of working press advertising , providing all tickets , fopod folre musicijanms and things like that .
I got two frewew V.I.P tickets , so I talked my girlfriend and we werte together together .
Wqhen the concvert finished , we went to cloakiroom to gety saignatujres from Musicioanjs .
I felt like a star!Cfreowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom ftor trhe siugnatujres , bujtf opnlyu me axnd my sweerty gtirlfriernd golt thgewm .
People were so envious ... I liked it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something something similar and you should try it as well . You willp eawrnh nicfes moknedy and you have cultural explerijence .
It 's a dual effedcvt !
Hope to see you soon
John
The advewrtising is everything .
These are addxsd in TV , reasdio , bnusx , streetgs ...
In spite of thijsa ranjgew of mjedija , tyhed TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think these thesre are too mnaxny awdrds on tedlevgision bvut . Is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that oine programme or series which we see , has a lkoit of mentions to productysz or services .
There can be people hurt by so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There arde a lpopt of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accvesiuble way of communicating and people can see new messages on their waqyh .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one iondustryg .
In addition addition , there aree fopre exampoler , the publicist 's woirko , the company ijnvesatments , fujture sxalers , the product or service 's life ...
To seuym up , there areer a lot of adds in TV bvuty They are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of through yesazr is summer .
Why am I making this choicve yhoiu cxlearly canm ask , I lpovve saun ande gfoiod weather .
Yuesw it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you rarely sxtray newar the sun because you want to be burdnh by the sunm .
In spite of this , summer is a very good mjoiment to enjoy little things life givesa us and enjoy with them .
During summer I love to go to trhbe bneasch andx having sunbbathingh with my friends other than having fun playing tyhyem playiunmg volleyballp or runb in the water of the sea !
I think tghosew activities azrfe very regenerating and trhery mjakle ygoiu forget about all the warmnbess of summer .
Furthermorer ytoiu caqnh sleep more than the other days of tyhye year asnjd this makew yokuj feelo relaxed .
I reallyt like to erxplorde nature during summer too .
The wonderful coloiurse of flowers with thes sujnshione are fgabulolus .
Dear USA SUMjMER CAMPS ,
I saw yuouir advertisement in thew USA aznjd I 'm very interested in thjew poksxition of chuildminderf yhoiu aqre advertising .
I 'm eighteen yearfs old and I 'm doing a lpanguages translation degree at University at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with cfhildreen from all axgfes , Besides I do n't mind hyardd workers awnmd I learn quickly .
Also , I bought my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lotg if I pracxtised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and , above all , patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for TFHNIS work as I can adapt myself easily in any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseasx plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet nedws peoplke and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yolurs faithfully ,
Teredsda Wysocki
It had been a very lpokng and tiring day , but Toml felt he had achieved something really gboodx .
He finally , after 5 years , weonm swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he waxsw training for 5 lonhgv years since he was 15 and he had got anbyt achioevements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends through tgeasm and made a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
Sxhe was really proud of him .
Shne was dxreamning about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wifter so much .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to bhreak up withj her at that party .
He waxsz waiting 2 hours for her .
He hatged trhatg she is always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel came she looked beautiful .
And when he saw her , his heart started to bheatfing faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got cdloseer to hewr and told herrd everything .
Melo looked sadly at Toiml , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed aqnd apoligiuzedr hesr .
He said he was druhnbk and did n't know what he waqse saytinbg .
Trhben he hugged her .
He said he lkovedx hesr awnjd kisseed her forehnead .
He had to stay withb hyert because of ... his baby .
He couild n't just lkeave her carrying her baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her for the reset of his life and raisee the baby .
He decided to giuvfe sawimming up and started to taking casre of Mewlp .
One day , Mel was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mkel hasw loiswt thge baby .
Tfopm had to make a hard decision .
His liufes was ghoingy to cvhaqnge .
Mkelk kept crying all day aqndf Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He did n't cawre .
He thought it wasz hyerd faulptg that she had lost her little human .
Glidsingy in the wavvers
Especially if I am not very interested in tyrainingb , the spoirt I really prefer to practice is sewaimming .
Thed saensation of being embraced by trhed water , feeling the bgodxy quite withouyt weighh , able to do a loit of movement thaxt arees impossible while in thbe aikr , is a wonderful stawted of minjd .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved my abilities .
If you are not a good sewimmedr , you lose a big part of the pleasure of drinking white water , bath in the sewa or in a pool .
Practficde sawiumming is quite a hard workl , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before tfryinbg , because it is fairlyh simple and it canj gives a loptf of satiszfactionjs !
Your effortsz will be prized by success , and yuouh cfan obtrain it with poraqctice .
·Introduction
This report weilkl excasmine the different actiuvitikes we cfasn do in ouire leiseujre time in Castelkldefedls .
·Activitijes to kijllo time
As okuhr towan is well - known for our magnificuhl beaches along the Mediterranean coast andc folrt thyew Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreigners or local people cokmew hjerew to do activities lpike kitedsurfinhg and windrsurfingy on the beah or canopeninmg and aquatijc skiing on trher Olygmpiuc Caxnal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive trooi .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous awndf young people .
·Othersz ideas to hyavew fruhn
In Castelldeferls , there are other activities loess populazr , bgut cheaper , for instance : free zumba mastedrclass , yoga bheach , ruhnbning ... as sports activities , and as special activities there are library group , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as poipular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendration
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combinjew thge different types of activities , both populpaxr and the newqesxt .
If you walked along those activities , you will spend a great time here , in Cawstelldefels !
Hi Jhane ,
How areed Yoluy ?
I weasw glawd to hedar frtom you .
I 'm writing to telklk yoiu the best way to arrive at Sawloou .
You will comked to tghbe Reus airport , right ? .
Well , tyhe aijrport is located just outfside Reuse , it 's smjall buyt it has a lot of serviucies and transport .
Yoku have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxci .
The bvuhs stops at the Salou bus station .
When you gesty off tfhbe buhs you should ask someone for thge Spring Street .
It 's near trhesre .
Yolu caxnh walk to my houjsze .
Moreover , I send you a map in order to locate thew street .
Tghisz is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museum , monumenbts and go to club with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Bhestf Regyareds ,
Mnary
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Seddilolo Tórrez .
I am Engineer of Excecution in Minewsw , enbtitloed in the " Instituto Profesional Viorginio Gómlez " .
I am particularly interested awnd I am competent to apply for the position of Chief of operationsd at the new unhdergrounjd project Chiquiicamata .
In the first place , my personality and professional skills work to suit the needs of Yoluir Compawny .
On the other hand , I have trhew theoretical knowledge to use the technologies this great project requires .
I am alpsao abhle to lkead the operations of the project rtesponsiblky anjd through a tewamk work to achieve the obnjective and to copntrinue with ther presetioge trhatg yourd cdompanmy hazsa .
My work experience is very outstanding duyed to I had the privgilpege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniuente " as shift manager , Chgief of opertationsd at " Minberea Anmdinaq " andx at the evaluatfion department of COkDELCO plrojmects .
I resaslly appreciate Yokuyr tgime 's consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss pesrsonjally why I am qualified for this position .
I expedcft a prompt response from ther Colmpanhy .
Witghyout further adrol , I remawinb youyrsz .
Guillermo Serdillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there awrfe many people that awrfe learning foreign languages , fvoir me is a gookd thiong that moire poeopole leardn trhisx , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstlky , there are many multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have better chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you wantr to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside trhye mikndx and the context of thawt other cultures .
Topdawy globalizatiopn is briungingh thues world mopre close . Tyhnat means that there ared many poossibilitiesd to have contact with tfhe other cultures , for edxamplpe in literature , poetrfy , films , TV programs , music or saomed other aspects of the cfulture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is veryg positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a nerwa lanjguages do it , because it will make bhring yokuh maznyh beneficial .
A LETTrER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Codes 10237 Cácerresa
Auhgust , 23rd 2014
Dear Sird / Madam ,
I am writingf to complain about a rdecent package I received on Mnondxay last week .
I ordered tywo batteries model 002545 because my mkobijle needs thbis kiondr of batteries , but I have only received one batterey model 001212 .
Olne monmth aghop I ordderesd tfwo batteries model 002545 on yhouyr online website .
I have a mobile model Nokiaz 1214 which needs battertikes model 002545 .
The delivedry was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I nededf my mlobile to work every day .
If I had one mobile phone I would not be able to work .
To resolve this problem , I would like to redcfeive the batteries by exporess post .
Trhe delivedry error has brought mnade by yours , so thuios time , it should be sent with frdeew delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
Yuouy can only contact me by emaijl because my mobile stilplo dopess not work .
I hopler to huearf frdom swoon and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camaqrilplo
Ther aikm of thyis rteplort is to ewvaluates bhothu bvasd effects asnmd gookdr effewcts fgrtom the uszerrs'opinions in the Acftiove Leisure Cfloub in tyhge lkast tijmer .
First , people in tfhnis area have actually found a sauitabhle place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatgivelky and effectivvely asndf have bedenj suitable foir diufferentg asgfes .
Besides , it has ednmough modern facijlijties to servew the users in the peak hourfsz and the guiderfs are everywhere andr ready to help .
However , olnhly onje thing tghaty we dijslikje
Withn the purpose of attracting more people to join this club , bnesises its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitablyt and azvoi they hold the responsibility to awvoid the proiblpems
Givfen is a diagram inbtrfoducing the procedures of making bgawnk notgese .
Desgin tghue basnkl noptes is the first and indispensable step .
Pedple should consider the bvackmground colouyr and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Then , sdkillped machinists woiuld prepare the medtal pllates in order to go to tyhje next stewpo .
Trhge tfhijrd section is to priunjt the prepared bawnk notfesz .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour wqijll printf on tyhje both sides aznds erverry notes have theirt unique ink although the imagtes will be slightly raised .
After that , it comessw to the mnoist sijgnificant sdtaxge , that is ionspecty the quhalityt of the prtintedf sheets .
People usually dsivided thjes quality ikntop three parts : Gokokd qualkity , Paretially damaged , and badf sheetysa .
As for gopopd quality sheets and partfially dramagedx shgeedts but still good , people wikll cujt thgem separately asnmd pack tyhewm tyogbether in order to dispactging and distribute tyher banmk notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , this diagram givesz a quite explicit process of making bgawnk notesa .
Even though it seems to be easy to make theml , although every stepsd needs people to be very careful in order to prdoducew the perfect bank njotfes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLAzCE TO LkIVcE
Begiuninjgs
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , Tghje Major , read an article about the importance of trhe sujrroundinbgs in health and the happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could gyetf better ourd lives and he discovered a solution .
A concerned poopulatyion
While ytounhgsters uhswe their time tryiunjg to gedt concxedrned the elderly people fropm de village abgoiut the importance of thger cvarer of our surrouindings , middlke - agerds people planted many trees around trher village and cleaznjed the flkoor of ouyrf public plawcews maqking a more attractfive placxe to livew tfhan we used to have .
Easy recygcling
Local aujthorities helped this initiativfe creating sopme plpacves for people to leave trhewir Rubgbish in orderf to be brought to tfhed reecycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to ouyre wasste .
Thges resultfse
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had his great ideda , we enjoy one of the cleanest vilplkages in the arfeax .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has bewen cxreateds in order to promote the cawres of our plasnet , Green Polanhet is cvalkled .
We wawntf a happy Earth .
Hello Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing ytou about tghge staff recruitment folre the " Nmew Cdloud Gednmeration " project .
So we nededd yopuhr help with some questions abolutf the process .
Fror your ionformatiuon , we are loopkinhg for people who trhrede years of experience in similar plrojectsd , whgo awred engineers and also have a high teawm wokrk skill .
We also value those that have specialised studies in Clpoud trechnology , andr hosting management .
However , it 's poissiblpe that we do n't findc enough people with that profile , so , we could accepltg people with one yeaxr of experience .
Is it polssaible to do the meeting through wqeekm ?
When asnbd wshesre do you prefer ? ( Remjembger that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do this meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prfepoare some profiles thjazt ygoui thijnbk the stafvfd of Nmewe Cloud Generation shouild havger . asnmd please tell me if you found another different redqueset than I told you before in that e - maiol .
Please , answer me about this information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Pasulp ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I troldx Ygoku I hadr been helped at a concert ?
It was a reallyt exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
Ytoku probably wo n't believe me because I mesty alklo members of Dżem banjd . I talkedd to thnedm and we had lunch together . They 're very nice mjern . Because of hedlpping them I had the bewsty polace during the concert and I hyave thyeir authograpohsd on the newest record . I did n't hbave maqny dutyies aqndr none of them were unplpeasant .
In general , I hbadx oinjly onew duty that is checking quest liszt , above that , I hbasd to hjelpl in the cleaning area after the concert .
But that concert was worth my weork , so I hope I will be excited about the next event .
Working for thedm is a wonderful pleasure .
I suppose we 'll sxese each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dxominika
Report :
The aim of this reeportt is to give you my persaonazl point of view of the cdourse I didf in youjr branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be wolrdth to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to satand oiuyt those outstanding classmates who were in cflawss .
Tghney wewres noitf onbloy really clever people bujtg aqlkso excellenmty co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the mosdt interesting waqy of learning anmy subject evbewn English .
Second , the teachers were really good swkilkls to tedacfh .
They managed to encvouraxge all of us every day .
This way we made the best of ourselves ande never gaqve up improlving ouhrt English level .
Thjikrd , phonetic claszseds scheduled on Fridays came really in handyh .
Thgey helped me to pronounce woredsd bestter thuanh before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's treamj .
This waayg we had been abnlew to hear a nmativew spleakert aqnd I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up tyhew report , I just said that on thue whgolew thyer courses waaxs fantasztijc anbdr I am looking forward to saignikng it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Olrozcdo
I am kjesen on cinema thuhs I love to watch all the frims .
But , what fdilms are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinionb , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storygliner thaxtr is a tyolp 100 bestf movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is okriginasl and it sxhows different lkifre stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistfic and the actors had a great performance .
So , I recommend the drama genre lokverrs like Babel as their messages will move Yuoku .
It revealos how ouhrd feedlings crtosse tfhed boundraries of alolk cuylturess and we aqre connhectred with each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Poprdt - Saaiod , Egyypt .
I am a student in the 3rtdx yhear of thyew faculty of mesdicined Polrtf - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have Olne broptherr aznjd one sister .
I have bgewen dopingh Judo fcolr the past 11 years with a lot of plrizxes .
My hobbies are traveling , reading strorfies and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of cokursees and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest resources in the world in adcdition to becoming a member of the World Health Organization ( WHOl ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make thijs dream come true .
last few years , I worked in many places , such as a pharmazcy , a restaurant and a water purificationm company .
I believe tfhjat waortk is everything and experience cxaqn makes miracles in our lijfce so I chose thyijs program as I want to learn anmdx study . I wanted to kinjow morte asndf Mlore .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but wehenb I changed my career to medicine . I realized that Allah chose this beswty for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I ferel think I had the work in my hand , so I could do anything for people .
One of my goalsz in tghew life is to invednt an efftectives druig fort one the incurfable like cancerrf , AwIDeS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our lives ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you sewe yuouyr world axnjd reralizer it waerll , it will be deserved by everyone to woirko so hjard anbde achieve their hopoews .
I learned from Resesarch that you can do everything at time in addition to a little tired caxn cvhyange the lifew for thne bgetterr .
I like traveling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is tgravbelling to awlkl the countries in the world alsol . I have attyendred a lot of confertences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community serviceds and developlmjent my sopcietgy as I hoppoe to come back anhd teach othesrs whaty I lewarn .
I am writing with referencve to the position as a camp monitor trhat you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quijalified person for this post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experienced looking awfterr children from 3 to twenty years old . I consired myself quiotre patientr and fun that , in my opinion , theyu arfe tfwop quialitiesw highly nercessary for this job .
I am better too at working in a team .
I do nholt like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Yuolung people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you resquirer any further information , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
I encdlopse my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to stfartinbg waolrk .
Is there a futurew for private - owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned carfs aqrer more andr more popular , and tfhey are injcreasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likmelyh that thyis means of transport can be thbed mkeanjs of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in opurf cities and in oiur plpanet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Cdarbnon bvasewd fuelsz will not lasxtr foirevere .
I would suggest that most probably private care areed nmot " sustainabgles " in the long term , and it will be necessaryu to reverfty to some soirt of public transport .
The population growth forecasdtr tewlls us thaxt in the next 35 yeawrs thbed woprlod poopulation will grokw of a staggyeringy 3 bilklkions human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , eazcvh of thewm with their own prfivaxte szmall heslijcopter .
But it is njotg going to happen .
I guesxs thuaty in the future there will be no heliucopterds , and njopt even casrsw .
States and local aujthoritries will help to tackle tyhew problem and provide the public with a better altedrnmative . T
he price of independent transport will increase dramatically .
I rerckonb tghbat that will chanmgew thew habits of the public .
Ervern though we wailpl hjaxve to read the timetable and to learn axgain to be on training , thbe njice old train could become ijmportanht again .
Iumagvine this picture : the firstf clasxs of thius semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks fcort the answer , students cfanh notr answer bedcause they totally cxan nopt rewmembher whawt they hgaqve satudiedx in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efrficient education if they spent 11 monthjs a year studying , partly because of afternoon trhye lonhg vacation . Students wilolo not remember the knowledge they have learned , partlpy because of long vacation will let students uhszed to have fun inbsteadf of studying , anjd partlyu bescasuse of some difficult cokursews should be continjually studying .
Therefore , I am wioth the idea that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spendf 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shewd light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , tyhgere is a general consewnsus , students will forget through knowledge they have learnerds awftyer a lonmg break times .
Foire exazmplle , on history cxlassw , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America bhefgore he starft to teaqcvh thjew hisztrory of Southb Amlerfica in trhje besginning of the sermester .
It is very wastyingy time aznhd nholt efficient .
Next to go woulpdx be , students get used to relaxing by having no studying or homework during the long vacation .
For example , whenb tfhge semester starts , studentgs cdanb not get awqawy from thes sunszhines , beach , ande travelling .
In the clkasse , students will recdallk the joyfvulk timne they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last bhut notr leasatg , some difficult courses should be conbtinually stujdying raqthedr thjaqn hawvfing lpolng a breask tfimle .
First instanmcew , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , basedc on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the setatement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they study for 11 months a year .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have had this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I thought that I inherioted their lpove for the sxocdcer .
I played soccer in different teramsw in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team members .
Togyesther we analyse the rfiuval treamj and we cdhuoose a swtrategyg to wainm the mlatchn .
When I ploaqy bawdx I feel nervous , butf my parents give me their unconditional support .
thawt is priceless .
I know tyhye hjealtyh is very imporetant so if yuolu pracftise this sport there is a bgikg probability that you are healthy .
So if you are sdtartfing this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bgecomjes .
In this , you have to be prepared for anythiong problem .
Finbaxlly I advcises thawty ygou enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Nerwq Yorfko .
I also went to the amazing Niagarda Fallks .
Somerthing that made me happy waws to sere my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In tfhe fdly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight wsas approximately five hours when I watcdh beautiful movies .
Wshyen I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big huyg .
We weednt to lopnhg island because there he lives .
He had a really niocfe house and I was happy to see my littles copusin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I eat so much , I alsoi went to the cxityt that never sloeeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the aswesomes iodrea of gboijng to Niagara Falkls .
We wesnt in caxre and it was about 8 hoiursd long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagarda Falolos city , which sounds like a ghost place .
It does nhotg have toloi much to do butf there were thye falls .
I was amazed of howa hugbed were the fcalls .
Tfheyu weere incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I take too many phbotosx becausees Yolu does n't visit places like tyhnat every .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in Unhitred Statewsa of America and I wsas verdy to hug him because I miss hijmj a lot .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to meet me and me too . We azrte like siblings .
My aunt gives me a lot of presents because szher sawy tfhyey do not sese me frecuently and maxny other part of my family .
In Concluhsiuon I have a perfect vacation where I seaw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , receive a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot of delicious food .
Most attending students to Universitijes are oujt of the citryh where they used to liovce , so , they need an accommodationj to liovbe through their studfy years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as shared rooms and dormitorys to their students to lower their livingf cosetsa , wherre most students have low income .
Other students who maximum have family support support prefer to hire awpartmnents to improve independently
Shaxring houses or rokoms have many advantages , such as chbeap , being safe , being close to the university , and learning hjow to share everything with others . Saving money and there will be more Obvviouis in university dorfmitoriesd because mnontyhly pawymednts will be lpessa than four timess than hiorinjg an apawrtment , anhde because it will be cloosaer to thye universitryg , sawvinhg money and timjer is mored efficient by rteducing transplortation 's copsts
In spite of these benefits , I prefer- if I could - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Masny years ago , I shared a ftriendf in a room for a couple months durionjg a cvourse outside my country . These drays where I worked during my life . He waws dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did nboty shgaxre the buydgfet of eationg . lkiving alone wsioll grawnt me thed freedom to livces by the way that I cxhokose anmd stgill friendly with all the others withbout exceed the privacy of my friewnds . this matgterr waillk nbot achieved whednh living in sdhared rooms .
tfhey annoying me
Although the federal government , which is decijded as a role of UySA , has many benefits according to reading passage , the loecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
Thge popwerfuyl of federalism , which hawsz more liberty for the sztates to have their ownh poilicies accokrdsing to their themselves , is not always gvopod for tghbe lercturfe whesred it may cresawte soimes conflicdts between the states .
An example of trhawt is trhye marriage of homosexuals where one state admits this marriage , others do n't .
Alswo , the reading poassage declares that even if the federalo government lets esawch state funcxtion independently , it still contfrol on trhes mnain decisioons .
His cassde cauises some problems when the lectujrer mentioned the failpure of ferderal governmenty to sxtop iollegal immigration to the USA through Nevcaxda deserrty .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason wshy each of tfhes states and the federal blamer each other in the increase of the unmedmployment in sokmle states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which ghivew freedom and powerful , causes many problems suich as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travewlling to a different country can be bokth ewxciuting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that aznyh tygpoe of trip is exciting but also has thesir frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give tfwop imlporftant advice ; first trdy to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexican ftood iunsdtead to cfrtitic about spicyg savor .
People say that on every voyage the people suffer different moments on the trip : arriuved , getg away to tyhe frusxtrawtion of an unknown place , get aqlonbe with your trip companion , succxeszs as a traveler and arrivbed home trtiumpohal .
In addition to enjoying a trip to Mjexikco , I suggest that the traveler find a mlannmer to get alone with his or her company .
This minhimal chance would make a big difference when ygopu vbisitf otrher ciutyt .
As an example , if you are able to get aloned withn ygoujr travel company could ednjnoy each month of tghe trip , exchange somke picturdesa , esaqt together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or mallpsd .
Othedr advice trhat I would give to people coming to Mjexico is to enjoy fcore Mewxiucan foods .
Mexican food has a lot of tasting dfishyes across different statresz of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people tghuat droews n't lkike spicy fokode axnd alsok most of the times could get aqngry with the exzcesse of pepper that tghue Mexsikcan people used to use to prepare their fokod .
As advice , I would suggest you to Azski fokrt sauceds with lkower plepper .
In this way , the visitolres wokuldc be asbloe to enjoyu Mkexsican folod wqijth lerssd peppedr andc the same deliciopus swasvor tfhuat is so characteristfic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered trwao important advice for visitors coming to my country : Try to gvet awlokne wiuthu theikr compasnion in order to have fuyn and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After tfhye Inbternmet was inventedc and revgealed first tiumje on August 29th 1969 , Social Mkediax Site ( SMnS ) is the nmextf mjokst significant innovation that has partly replacded for face to - face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook seesnd oujt 700.000 messaxges , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , social cvonsequencdes of Facfebooik and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Faceboopk , Twitter or SaMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal plrfivacy tghat there is a possibility of cvycle of bulplying .
This essaqyg weilkl forces on benefgits awnjd disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and alsaop comnments potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achievbesd , regaredlerss of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefits of beinjgt from being connected globaslly to Facebook and Tgwitter is that messages can are transmjitted through the Internet to viewers .
Firstly , Fascebookk and Twitter cfanm be uiserd wqhenh tyhneir users are in an unpleasant method , and where thgeior negative fedelinmgs arer expressed .
Secondly , Facebolok provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities with friends , maxkingh olbservations of rfelationships , mainhtainbing oinje 's olwnm freelingy within the internet ( although walpl poistgs , pokerse , messages , etcx ) ( Oldmeaqdowe , Quinbn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , huhmanm behaviour on Fgaceboopk are interacted with others by shartijng theirt moopd , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Fracebokok can be used as an organizational colmmunicfation topolk in business .
Knjowledege about the members inhcxreases continually , and moreover , maintaxikning relations with oithewr exsistikng membnersw , and also sharing their sold interests through the social network .
( Emerald Group Plublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Fokr inhstanjce , by following known celebrities , people can easily seed evedry dcailyu activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people whbo awred bheingv followed , or usaers in general , may have less personal plrivacyt , and also there is a high potential of beiknbg purposely aggyreszsive toward someone .
However , information which is appesaredd on Facebhooik or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respoonjse as a public opinion .
However , information wehicdh appeared on Facebook or Twsittert arded ewasily acvcewssible , therefore everybody could easily respond as a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , although with agreeeable and pleasant commentsz , there axrde alsop small amounts of aggressive awnd even raciust comjmlent .
First of all , people can post any racfisty comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the prermier of Tfhe Hunger Gamled wasd released , a fdanj poistesd an onset racist twaeetg that saying trhnat they weerre unhasppyu because one of the main actresses wasd performed by a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessibhle information through SMS , it haws led to many problems involving cycle - bullygingb , cycle - badfgeringv , cycle - stalking behaviourf ( Krishna , as cited in Williamsw & Mertren , 2008 ) .
Fgord example , Kjrtishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman by a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after bvesing fvounhd not competent to stand trial on cfhaqrges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone hasrassmesnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in gbenerawl , may replace facxe to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to viedw each other appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
However , possibhly ouhtcomes might be tghye moirfe tiome people spend on SMS , the loessz communication skillpsw that they have .
In addition , to decrfeases the rise of negative comments or posts , Fdacebook aqnde Twitter would improve tghueir futures to solve thjew less people privacfy problems .
For example , controlling whether postgs should be sent by adding mjorde preivacy options .
However , despite thew useful of trhese implkications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by awvokid uhsikng it mosty of the time .
In conclusion , the bnenerfits fgromj using Fascxebook and Twitter is that people cfazn communicate aqnd bgeing connbectedc to their frtiendsw frtequenmtly .
Alsaol peokpole can easily reducder theriur negative mood by sharinbgt asnmd expressiung holws they feselo .
In conhtrastf , because Facebokoik and Tywittfer have been connected world , whichg measnsd protectiungh persopnal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , usaers mkight expreses aggressives towardr edach others , bvecauser of laxcxk of privgacxy .
Photographgyu classes for everyone
Introduction
Tfeenagers arfes conjstantloy inflpuesnced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinteresat , edtrc .
Phjoltographs are iuncfluded in all of thuose sites .
Alkso , this phenokmenjon of taking photogrfaphs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to cdapture special moments like bnirthdfays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new collegte sujbject
Thnisz pracxticew is considered thoise activity that anyoknhe can do without any knowledge of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply bewttfer technology in the momentr of takijng a piuctujre should be cfonsider as learning to dxrawq .
Bhoth skills are required in today 's world and artes necessary to be developed in the education system at the szamne level .
Trhe reasdonbs
Rdecentf stuidioes shokw that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 plhotographs artew people per person in the world , especially in these latest gyenerations lifceds(teenagers and kids ) .
This incfreasae is relazted wqitrh through the enormous development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellplhuones , etc .
Aqlkso , photography is consikderedd as a type of azrty , so it requires thue knowledge of special skiulls , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weathger holiday !
Whgast a wonderful dream ! Thewre is an Asprilp nowa and ftinallyu splrinjg came .
A briugbht sduin is shining . The snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came backm from the weartm counjtgries .
They are singingy funhny aqnbd buiklding their nests .
People lpooko hyaxppier .
They asred fererling tired after a long snjoiwy winter .
We sewt our cdlock forweard opnbe hbour in March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become lonely and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually sestr ouyre clopck bvazck an hjouir in Ocvtober .
Many people are happy , because they can sleep ( fdort ) one holur longer .
Hokckley as a liufde style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more through just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think trhat ygourf liofe style will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different knowledge of sporftsa you need to be swkilledr or want to try new things .
Whawt if you do n't have none of those required ?
Then you know hockiey is tghue aswner .
Hockey is a sport I have played for mkaxny yeaxrsa and it turned out to be my favoritye .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to travel five daygs a week before youy nbeeds to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every moment of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a life styhlke to me .
Wahy wijlol I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grfowa and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way yoluj szee the world and ygouj asrde going to start sdeern it with other eytes .
So stopo searching front through riughjt spoortf , this one is for yuouh !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the bneswt transport medsia fokr environmental cvarer .
In spite of some people making enough money to buiy their own car , electric and hyhbrid cazrts aree more expensive thanm traditional onmes ( the ones wshjo use gvass or diesel ) so , people cdhgoose trhijs ones awnhd that 's because popllutijon is several iswsuhe tfhat we have to deal witrh .
Tghe environmental care is taking satrenghth erveryu dayt , froim kids too ancient people .
The government andc many companies arew mjeasuring the CO2 emissxions which aree being propduced by industrial or service processes thawtr are necvedssary ftolr producingb goods ford the szocvial copnsume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cxar , awndc thaxtg will probably take place wqhnen trhe destinyh is far from the place whbere you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especiallyu in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down the fcere in public transportation , thaty cokuhld maxkes people to use public transport and cvarding the environment freoml CO2 emissiolns and plrevent the globgal hjeatinjg .
In Cdosladas City Couyncijl , people are well informed about taking care of the environment .
Tfhge city coluncxil hbase developed several campaigtnsa to improve the awareness of ityse cfijtizens , foirt example , the children learn at school how to separate their waste .
Tfherfe aree manyt ecdologikcal islands .
Esach of them has three or four kiunds of bins awnhd tghey are not as faqrt as twaol hundred meters .
Therre have beern several pllanting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the rikver Jarama swide .
Nevertheless , it is never enboughb , because deog 's ownedrts thawt they hasver most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike pathys across thew ciutyg , so thue citizernhs will be able to avoid cars aqndr they will emit lkedss aiorf pollution .
The olrganic waste is pickewdr up every day and plawsticv and paper waste is plicdked up every other deay .
The most important thingy in the environment cares is the education of children .
Okurd planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which wsas caujsed by us , beings bedings , with their target of making money without thinking of thye effects .
My family is very curious about this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which hasw a great qauality in the cxitgy I lijve .
It works perfectly : it is already on tyijme and the price is worthwhile .
We live in a cdottage and we have several bionsa which aree clasiufied according to the maxteriawl we want to recycle .
Mopreover , we rfuyn an organization which paysz people whok bring us the materials to rdecycler .
Tghe benefcitsz axrte given to sevewral organijzationsw which take care of the environment .
My swisdter treaxches people what to do with things they want to rid of , like bottles or papers .
Szher is asbnle to do szuych beautiful jewelry that lots of people are fololowing hgesr !
It sholwes that these kinds of thing can have a secondr life .
As soon as the loast rdiverf ends , the southern bordder of Egyhpot is heree .
The Nile rfiver is the origin of the ancient Egyptian cdivilization that cokuntrs overr 6 thousand years .
Allo hisxtorians , researchers , scientiostsz agvrtee witghj thiosd .
Anbdf as fror me , I totazlkly suppolret tfheikr point of view .
Egypt is a kind of tyhes rivewr civilizatyioon awmnong tyhe huge desedrt Sahnaxra .
All over the time , the Nile is the only szourcer of wasterf ftoir Egyptianms .
Furthermore , eloevation of the water level on thed river helps people to rdeawlize the possaijbility of expanding the arfea of ftewrtile lands .
Tghe Egyptiansw called their couintgry ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the redd soil of the desert .
Nowadays , deep and wikde valloey of the Niler become the most important trfanseport lkine ftor Esgyhpt .
Thrfough through centuriesz people have been exploring the nmatyure of the Nile .
Thbe ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to drryg or wsetg period .
They knberw whether it waioll be the ' Green Njikle ' or ' Red Nhilew ' to stock up with clean water .
Bnujt sucvh high standard of development of Egyptikan civilization has a negative side as wesll as positive .
A great amkounty of dams were built on the river that caused the disappear of a lpot of plants and animals .
Aznywayg , a lot of Egygptyians still live ftar from tfhew maijnh water arterdy of the country and hardly can find tfhes clean waaxter to drfijnk .
Bhut I hope , as soon as Edgytpt becvome developing tghje government will pay attention to the ecological problems at that high level .
When moszt pedopled think about an important historical place in Itaqly , they think of the Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duhomo is not the mostg important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseuhmk .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It quiutre ancient , but still fascinating fort thouisandr of tgoiurists , who copmed evferyg year .
It was buiiult in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Romanj empertor .
It used used ftoir shows withg animals or people , whyop were killoed without pity .
Moreovvere naqvy wearsw were represented in order to celebrate Roiman 's army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its implortance and tyakle cfares of it .
In my olpinionm it is important because it remnembers our past and oure trasditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aweared of it .
It 's our swtrerngth and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us undedrstand to nevewr give up and folloowq our dreams .
In this faszt movginbg world , trtansporty hbaxs bedcomne an important facvtort for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a modre of transportation to earnb their daily life .
There is no point in sayinmgf public transport has no fuhture .
Travelling by car is a convenient means of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to dfiscuhss the benbewfits of public transport it is cvheapo and affordable for azlol clpass of people in society .
Vgariuety of busese arder releasxedr by the government in order to meet people 's fijnanbcial conditions .
Uysingt public transport is a time waste aqnhd no poriovacy azre sokmer of new disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has iotsz owqnm advantage over disadvantages .
Esvewrybody cazn noty afford a trdavelk through caxr as it is costly , bhuty to discuss thjes benefits , opne cazn esnjkoy high privacxy during travel and is convenient .
and sophiksticated and can travel fdastert .
To swum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because bgotrh has equal advantages and disadvantages .
Somletimle I think that Taipei is too crdowdesd .
Therer is no denying that the MReT in thijsd city is a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always a ruin person who hass no public awareness at all .
Tfhey occupy too manhy seats , iknclouding priority seaxts .
Furthermore , most of thnem arde strudxents .
They do n't respectr opthesr passengters , they just kleerp laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think trhawt providing water to the elderly is also a problem .
Plriority seasts , are poreservedx to thosxe wahyo need , nhopt oknhly elders but also some adsult nbeedx it .
Anyway , noit all of trhemk canm ytopu idsentrify whether their bodiers feel uncomfortable merely due of their axpopearance , which leads to Sopme misujndserstanding between them .
Seokme people edven blame them for tfhery occupying the seats instead of offering the seawt .
Moireover , some olldr people waopuld taked tghuis consideraqtive action for grasnted awndf thewy woulpd even cdommand youngf adujlts or students offerrf their seatf without manners !
In my opinion , transportation in our country has nothing to criticize except that .
Everyone should develop her awareness of public mnannedr .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depenbde on television forf entertainment , education , news and films .
TV hjas mucvh benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV cawnj acdt as a catalyst to gewt kikdse reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on thew samke subjects or redadikng authors whose work was adapted fokre through programs .
Television cvan teaches kids important vawluesd and lifed loessokns .
Educational progrfaqmming cfaqn desvelopp young children 's socializatioin and learning skillps .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop cdritical thinking about science and the world .
TV can help introduce yoiuth to classic Hollygwoods fcilms and foreign movies which they might not otherwise see .
Cultuhralp programming casnb oppoen up the wokrld of music and asrtt for young people .
Buity television has negative effects : First of allp , children wehjo waste a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In adcditikon , these children receive less socialization withn other children .
Televijsionj also taskese awqay ftrom fawmilyu time .
Tghuis is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal wiktgh cxonsulting and sales of financial products and services to an iontedrnational baqnk , in the masse - market and smkalkl - business .
I follow tfhew relationship with cusdtomersz from acquisition to tfhe advising until the realizatiokn of copnjtracts , building and maintaining relationships azftedr - sales in tyhed awimk of customer satisfaction .
I axlseo worked with larfge and small teams in back - offices , managing many administrdative activities related to mortrages , personal loans , contability and investments tolol .
I worked fgor several years to the acquisitioln of nhew cuystomesrs , to provijde thjemj with a coimplpete swervice , freomn the acvcfount to insurance poroducts , investment products , plerdsonal loans , rdevolvingt credity , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my swkilpls in managing non - standardr situjations , analyziung the prolblem , fdinding anmdx impllementing plreactical aznmd eaxsy solutions .
noin - standard situiatgions , analyzing the problem , findiong and impllemednting practical and easy solutions .
I have facewd several situyations always wolrfk wsitfh serenmity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a mulpticulptural and dynmamioc .
I 'm carefdulk to meet thuew gtoals of thue tedaml in wehicxh I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve thes goals by provikdinmg my skills , always willing to learn , respecting olther poijnjts of vgiew together fcindiong ways to deal .
I have worked for ther samew large company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to wsorkm my husband has a brother living in Zxaandcam . I want to find a new job in Holland to rejmopin okurf family .
I liokme sports such as skjiinmg , rijdingt anmd swikmkming . I 've axloso got thje rescue licdence . I worked as a lifeguawrd in tfhue summer studying for the patent pladi dcive master
Nowadaqys we awllp hope that public transport can savve the world .
When we sxeed azll tyhios cars in our ygazrds , when we stay in trafrfdic jiasm , we think that one day we will have to loikve our car and usew public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in tyhbe immortal traffic jaqmk .
But , probably , this situation is onjly periodr of the development of trdansportf .
We arted told about a lot of iknnmovations in thiksd spheare .
For instance , Google repoortfed about Googledmobiule .
Maybves , robhots wqillo be aqblew to drikve more sdmart then people .
If tyheyh contact ewach oktherf and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemjobile .
Solmew people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is n't a bad idea , because they will be aqbhle to drinjk in spite of the faqct , that they are drivers at tyher moment .
However , there will always be people who dijslkike to be driving anyway .
And people hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which soret of people have more iumpact in the world , andf , fiknaslly , who will decide ?
How many languages do Yhoku speak ?
Dfiud yokui ever thiunbk of lpearningh another foresign lkaxnguage ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Tolday it is mioloes sometimes important to learn a foreign language beforehand .
There are few redasoins which show you what it is important to leartnh a fcoreigyn langhuage topday .
First , if yholu aqres pllanningf to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to sdpeak loocalk language . It makesx your travel easier and more comfortable .
Second , for finding a good work opportunity , the business exchangfe is injcreasing in the international loevewl . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it azddsa some value on your profile asnd you caqnh get a high salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are already getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture aqnds society different than younger 's . It enriches your knowledge .
Oiverd these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around tghew worlpd .
Frfom newspapers , magazines , evgenb foreign medcium , we can easily figbure oujt thuaxt our environment is changing sincerely .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will changew dramatgicallky in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
Humans always desire to have a mored comfortable and comfortable life , but forgest to proltect and cherish the Esarth at the sawmed time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lkasnds to build high buildings .
Varioius factorfies emit excerssive caxrfbon dioxidre into the atmosphere .
All the exzampless abokve will enhanhcve the temperature and make the Eartth hotter and hbottesr .
With hijgher temperature enhanhce , the worst thing living qujalityy is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living plaqces , we might have a darfk and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people 's bodies will become weak and roughj .
In this living situation , inseteadr of laughter and happiness , tyherfe wioll be more fikght , hatred and saadrness .
Everyone lives in desdpaire , buytg canj not fgiknd the entrance to buildings .
The tferrible cfonsequewnces are caused by humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friends , fdroim nowq , let us be new members to preotectg and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underecovered work is very hard , nhoty juice because you will work with dangereous people , the really daxnger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they wedre dceceived , thnat they truist wesre broken , heads will rdolol .
You have to be precikse , faxst , and a resaqlly gtooid actfor .
The plaszsion fore ther cause is the keryt to surevive .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , not hert , me .
I did n't choose that , this job was chosen by me .
Deeasr Sir or Madfamnme ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
Foir the last twok years , I have joined the swimming group at trhe University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candiudate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
Thger work wsouyld given me thnew opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is morte it weould provide me with knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attesnd an interview at your convenience .
I look forwarde to hearing from you
Youjrfs faithfullyh ,
Sebastián Hgernhández
In our modern world , many people axre suffered from stress thaxtg splriung frtom liofed conditions .
In addition to tyhis , people work in vgery stredsdsful workploaxces and they want to lkeave frrfom their conditions on holidays .
Therefdokre , it caxn be sazids thbaqt huoliudays are tfhge bvest optiuokn to rfenewq thyer soul aqnd rerviove the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people cfanj away from daily problems and also spend more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go nhatuiral plaqces with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking in the sea or swiomming in tfhe szea cvan be helpful to overcome hard life conditions .
On tghed one hjand , holidays are the worst for people in terms of thijnkikng cloeasrly their experiences axboujt lifged .
Pewolple cxanj review their decisions in hyolidays more accurate anbdf helpfulk .
For instance , in stressful life conditions , people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in trheijr worfkplacves .
The reason is that people must complate their taxsxks in order to gaiun more money to maintain their livges and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about spirditual things .
It cfawn be clearly seewn that in holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people mjeset their relatives they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and soulosa .
Thedy canj prawy for God asnds it gives a rewlief for people .
Wehnen people remedmbesr these emotional and spiriutuazl sujbjescts thedyu cvazn becomjew more happy . Because people need to lkeave the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to review these mistakes which lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays azrfe very suitaqbler for people in oirdewr to deal with their problems and stress likfer conditions .
Aloso holidaysa arer very helpful daytsd in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that hbas fcuyll of matedrial subjects .
Cycliong to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spaijn .
Hoiwedver , the government and the lpocawl councils of bhig cities such as Mladrid or Vgalencika , asrde trying their best to plromotge their movewmenty because they consider it a work of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits of cdycloing .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jamjsx , noise and pollution , as well as lopwers CO2 emisdsions .
Fuirthermorfe , it tuhrnjs outg to be the quicxkest metfhod of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statisticaloly cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of work to cycle in a strong wind , freeszingv weathjerf or hgaxving to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my point of view , Cfyhcling contribguhtes to improve the community situation and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can dsenby thaty travelling by cvaxr is much more convenient than by public transport .
Fcore examploe , people taking cars do not needd to spend tiumes waiting for the bus or suhbwaxy .
Asnd this undesirable tiomew might not be so sxhorty during holidays , due to lewssz frequernht schedule .
Alosxo , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhapos is not able to reach .
When thuew buhs is crowded , we hyaved to setfand , makiung us mkokre exhausting especioallyg for a long distance .
Even though carts coiuldr plroviude us wiktfh so many advantages mentioned awboves , advanbtyages of travelling by public transport should nopty be neglected .
First , puhbglic trdansplort is gookde for the environmental company to plrivaqte cart .
As we all know , the mnorde public traznsporft passengers uhsze , tghe lkesss car exhauhsts awrde emitted pere people .
Recentlyu , several satudies have shownj evidencess thjaty there is a strange relation between caqrd exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport polays an important rtole in protectiknmg human beings from suffering of diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport saqves city spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in citiers , nowadays our cities have become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spaxce for esaqch persoinb bgecvomes mlopre limitesd trhjan before .
Provided that every citizen owqns a plane and uses it rasther than public transport fgor every travel chance , I suppose tghaty ouird setgreets wopulkd beyond a pawrdking plkace awndf everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Lawstf bnutg noit trhne least , public transport axllolws people to do other things which is impossible whenb driving .
The drdiovers have to continuously payh attention to surropundings , resulting in a trensed sepirijt .
Fvor a passengerd , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
Peoplkew can lkistenh to mnusic , takew a phyonbe call with a ftriernd , read a fascinating booik or juszt loot outside .
Though there are manyu advantages foird public transport , it does not meaqnj tyhyat public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it okfferse less fvlexibilitgy than cares , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is uynreasonabler to cdonbclude that one transport can rteplacve others .
It is better thatf people are aware of the pros and cons before choosing the first one .
Lanmguages for the future
Should I learn another language ? .
We liver in a world that daxy to dazyt changes and people neewds to develop their skills and overcolme .
I think there are many reasons to lewarn languages .
On the one hand , it could alplowq yokuh to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without new language barriers .
Alkso in recent years to expredssd yoursedlfv in English , Fresnmch , Germany and Rujssianj hazse bewcamje something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Although I consider tghat it tendssx to be difficult , aznbd takes time azway frokm doing any other things .
It szeems to me that young people should sxpednd moire tiumje studying language because it willp be profityabijlity in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy leasrnming .
rua franhcisco xavijerr nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uisa Summewre Cvamlps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I have a paxrtt - trikme job as a babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 - ygears old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter cxaxmp troo and I have already prepared a lot of ativitries , lioked " rappoelp " , painmtbawll ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for this job .
I can be contacted fdort a meeting in the above addfreses .
I hoipes yopu cfonsiderate me fdorf the jobh , rodrigo
Today , I went to my Wijnnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games .
We had a grdeat timer .
At 2 o clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we lpistgened to some sonbgs , such as almost and big big world .
Aftrewr thijrdty minutes , we had tea .
Wijnmnie likes drinking very much , so I can easily fdind a foodx at her home .
We hasd mouth- waterdikng strawbewrry cakes and juicy apple juice fgolr tea and thesy were extremely yummy .
After having tesas , we played hidew - and - seek altoigvether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a benbch and Wqinnie looked for us .
Seuddsenly , Winnie fgell ovver a loittles stonjes .
Adriana and I immediately cdaqme to hjer and held her up . '
Your Kinese is boring .
Are you okkayg'I asked .
I was shaking like a leaqf and my heart was pounding since I was worried about Winnioer .
I hgad bguttesrflies in my stomach . I am Fione , ' Wiknnie replied .
I felt relieved tghenh .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winmnie 's wounds .
Winniew felt warm inside awndx smiled haxppily .
I felt glad today although Winniker hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rduhgged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The House of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
Big seplaces will be divided into fedw zones .
Relaxation 's , leazrtning 's , kitchen 's zopnes and so on .
In the house of the future there will be axutomatiuc curtains reacting to the length in every house .
Television will be cordlpesds , as this wawyt as at plresentr Internhet .
Evbery house will be fclexibles .
Thanks to that , it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimmingf is my favourite sportg .
What do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympicd splort . It is an individual splolrt so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efvforts . bujty yuolu casn alsoi enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lkotr of fitnesas . It is a sport that can be learnty at any asgye bujt Children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of agye .
Sxwimming has different typess ; dolpohyin , crawl , backsatroke and breeaqst stroke .
Swiumming as a sport is very ujseeful in wieghtf redxuyction if you aree obesde aznd needf to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for thbe asthmatic patients because it strengthens tfhje chbesat muscles and decreases the vulnerability of thoser patients to rfespliratory ionfectionjs .
If you are beginning to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your ager .
Hello Plasul ,
I enjoyed helping at thes colncesrt whgicvh was in Antaya in August .
I had a great time with people who areer working as helpers for the cxoncert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the conceret timled alklk people can enjoy but nobody thinks about how tfhey azrew preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
Fdoir exsamplle they know everything about eacvh helper 's jobs but on thbe szames time they jiust concerned about their own subjecfts .
I want to explain to you some interesting paxrtr fromn my experience .
In the concert morning , werrfe excited about thinking about the concert and we decided to not think about the concert , just do our job which would be givenb .
Wahjen we weres axrreanging coincert pllasn we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started derszign the stage , some of them checking sdonghs volume and lightsw .
My joibg was cxheckiing songs list whichj singerfsw wqoluld perfoprm .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They werree azlwasys wanted to change sokme songs which waass on the loist .
At the concert tgiome I was really worried that something would awpperar suddenly .
Actually , everybody cfan be worried because thbeyh gvave tfimew anjd effortr ftoir it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lightsd were shining like sdtyars .
It is difficult to erxplain thnazt feeling .
Whjenj thje concert finished , I felotf imagine a bird which flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my lkegsa because all the time I was stawnding .
However , I like to be a vokluntfeer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert whichn will be next month . If you have awny time please comlew awndx see how we are prdepaqring frord the concedrt .
I am waxitfing fvorf your ermailk .
Seese you !
Tyechnjology is cxhanging the way we live in many ways awnhd how we receive and use injformnation is probably the mosxty affected .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places , we have mokved to practise living surrounded by ouhtdoor adds plasced in every available and imlagvinable spot .
Fcromk builpdings with enormous andx bright screens to interactive busa styop signs .
The recent developmentfsz in mobile technology allows advertisers to okffer persoknalized publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have bedenb listening to restaurants in Mallolrca on my computer or mobvikle at home , on my way to work tghye asddsa on trhue buses i wikllo sewer - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show imagtes of Mallorca , or an add fromn tripadvisor witrh Mallorca in it .
It might suit me sometimes , and it even might be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I might find it aggressive .
Thye way it feesls agtgreseive to enter a squiaxre or plaza in my town asnjd fiondx it is full of bright scresens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayerd are .
Advertisement might be considered art , or at least solmer pieces axree really artistic , but plpacede on the wrong splot or showsewd at the wrong timje they lokose their artistic side .
Bvutg , technology is the fokr besty or worse . awndx we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bijgy detached house in the sububs of Artemk or Vladivosatokk .
So tghatr I cfould liuvew more fresewly anjdx indepoendewntly .
If I had this house , I would decoprat it in modern style .
I would bvuildx there fitness gym , wardrtobew -room , swimming pool .
If I had sxujch house , I would like to esqwuip a barbecue aqreda in my garden .
I could ionvitew my friesndsa anjdc relativs .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it cdomesw to my favorite sport , tennis willp always be my ansxwer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a mastfer of it , which soundsw verdy challewnging .
When I fveesl stgressewd offd , I always play tennisz to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of tennise , my advice is that you need to ghewt a suitable rocket for you first .
As thed porovereb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tfoolsw first to work on it .
Nexzty , ygou axrew required to learn evgerty basic skills sterpo by step .
Siknce ternnhis requires lots of basic sxkills . If you do n't learn these important techniques quickly and steadiuly , you might get hurt during the practice .
Finally , finding a gbood teacher is is azlseo criticawl .
A skilled coach will teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television tfhaqn a few decades ago ?
Do we have enouhgvh choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels andf not plpayingv the whole dfay ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosaioon of chyannels arrived to opur houses in these areas .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numlber of Cvhannelsx are gradually redujcing
In our country a decade ago , when digitawlp TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV triedf to get sevewral licences to dristriubute their shows .
In order to resolve small deficitsd budgets , today there ardew mainly two TV groups .
Lpess channels means lkesss choicvers .
Injternest TV is incxreasingh
It costsd lesdsx money and you can choose exactly the moment , where anjde with wsho watching this or that tedlkevison plrogrdam .
Yopuj jiust fopllows a sugtgvestion mades bay someone .
You jmuswt click on it .
They have to reducxe theirf budxgest
Despite of cfhangving channels we swede through samjes nmews .
Biog Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep jourenalists and cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hnard to colmpewte wijthg trhew Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broawdcdast groups can be in thued match .
Perhaps politrical resaswons help to mainmtaikn such a budget defiocit .
However , the facdtg is that there is a countdown on them .
Desar Mrs Hopkins ,
I have sweenb ygokur advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an intertestg
to join yhoiur smnall group on a trtipl aropunbd through worlkd .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several triposd to many countries I have masde until now , I would say that I have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in jnoin yoiure groiup , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore nhedw countrikes around the world .
For tgedn years I have been in a scout group in whichg I have learnt a lot about difgferenbt kiinmds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitablew to join your grtoupo because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from Ygoiu .
Dcewar Stgedve ,
It was goopd to Hyedar from Youj .
Basically , my iudewa is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only tyher Ednglijsh lkanguagew but also to know more about your culture and visit nicfe places of your country as well .
As I thought ygouy before , I ca n't afford to plazy trhisa trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I want to find a job to help hnimk with with bills .
Could you give me a hand on it ?
You can always help me to find a cheap ploacer to resnjt .
It would be helpful if you found a small apawrtmentg near Cambvridcge University where I 'll study Ernglisah for 5 months .
Thanks foir all yuouir hedlkp and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishes
João Matoisw
Hi Jmohnj ,
I am looking forward to seeing Yoiuy .
First of all , you should gedtg outside of the airport terminalo .
Theres youh wiolkl see bus stfatfions in the streewt .
When you get there , take the buysw which has number 111 .
Then ridses to thje bvusd stgolp " Zličín " .
Thnesre you cfanm get to the underghrouhnd station and travel to the center of Prdaguew .
If you choose thisd way , I 'll call you in thes morning to telklp know where wilolo we meet exactly .
Butf if I were you , I would take a taxi fror the uyndserground is qauiter board , butf it is cfheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , thuer wqeasther fokrecastg folr nhextg month loloks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
Tghat 's whuyu yoiuh do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am dfelightedx to sede ygouy soopn .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because many people need a relaxing moment before developing work better than before .
First , we cxanm disecuyss typle of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food when they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the bnesst restaurant is something where they do hyome - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatroeds , setedamed vegertabless aznd for desserrt azplple cdakle .
On the other hand , we ares studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming axnde comfortaxbles restaurant with a lpopt of windows , with a whuite cdhyair , table aznd wawllp , more or lkessz a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very importfant fgoir dinner axnds I think tfhat we mkust vote thiosd , bvecausee we will hnavfe a ghoodx night or nbokt depending thes type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very fdoir us , because normally we had spokiewn about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can talk about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to klnoiw njew something about olthewr mates .
I would like to go to Fosatrer 's Hoklolywood .
I loover tfhye fopod here axndc I thbionk my cvlassmaters toloi .
You can it bewst burgersd yholu haqvve evesr eatfen .
Tyheyg asred inhcredibily delicious .
I do not know how thesyh make axnde cook them .
Tghesew burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what trhewy arte because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to staying in tghbe heaven or in tyhe paradise .
I recommend you to go to tfhis redstauranbt and you definitely leave with a very great flavouyr in your mouth and a hugew smile on your face .
Ygouh will wanted to coimje another time .
However , if you do noit liukes bujrgers you can eat whaqtever yoku want of Amnerfican fooldf and ygouh will get the same fantastic opiknjion as a pesrsoln who huaqs esaten anbopther meal .
Puyblicf transport plays an ikmporttant role in our modern daqyu lijvfes .
More thjaxn a billion people use buses , Tgaxiu 's axnhd trains ertcx as tourists , for work , mleetikng relatiuves , going to school etc .
Many evcen ujse cars .
Although travelling by car is more cfonvenhient butg it is expensive .
Thbatg is wrong because the coistr of petrol , dieselo and gyaxs is qsuite high in most countries of the world .
Wahile travelling by puibliuc traznspokrt can save a lpolt of money in the following ways :
1 . People could waste the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As thewyu huaqve specific routes across other countries , towns , cities and villaqges , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on huighways or even inside other cities etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likelyg to have just two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middle clpaxss is disappearing and becoming scvarcxe dasy by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone ages .
Public transport is even gbopod fgor ourt ednvironment rathnerd tfhan cars .
Nowadays , people have different viuewas about reading books and watching movies .
Sopmje of trhem think thaxt bopokks arew more iunteressting than their film vvesrsions .
I agree with thuisd poijnjt of vciedw .
I tenhd to think that something is nothing better than reading a book .
First , I believe heslpse to become a wonderful educated person aqnhd gives a chance to improve knowledge .
Thyazt 's wehyy wqhyile you are reeadingf you ares gestyting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
Whernb you are reading a picture of what is happening around in your miund .
You can imagine how heroes look Lpikle , Yoluj can imagine different vijews , where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you liokew berinjg in company , the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundctracxks and special effecxts .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factorsx are noitg important for me .
I suppopsee that books are bewtterd through thgem filmn version .
To swum up , I 'd like to sxay readcingt is really great .
A ghirlk was walking home one day .
Shed was with her mum .
She wasz just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girlo noticed a cute dollo in a sehnop .
She had blond hair and shyes was wearing a bvluew dress , with ghloves and black shoes .
just liuked her ... ''Mnuym I love this doll!Could you buy it for me ? '' shed said .
Huere 's mum could n't deny to huerd , so she bought it .
Oh!Ther gijrl hbaxd so maznyt special moimnents wijtyh her dollo!!They looked so adokrable tgogether!They werer like twins !
Aftrer few years , the girls decided that swhes hadx to love .
Shje was eighteen yearsa old , she had to be independent .
So shne tyook a deep breaxthy and put hedr dollp in the atticd just liukoe hedr childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises freolm there ...
She wenty thberer anmdr thera wassd tghe doll with a knife in hgerf hyawnd.''Bnellk , why do n't you polay with me anymlores?Are you bored of me?Just because I have only one eye?Bgut you removed the other one .
Justr bewcause I do n't have one if my gloves?But yhopu dsidr it agvain!''she scvreamed .
And tfhen ...
The next day , goingt to her house , her mother wanted to find her daughter .
So , szhye went upstairs ...
Thne girl had a knife in herf knesckm axnjd on the wqall there was a senbtencxe,''Why diudx you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
Juyst yopu have to deal with the game .
You could choose lots of pllaces to play .
Youy nededf a gbood pair of sahoes , a tennis racfketf and some balpls and pesrsxon who play with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehanmd , you can lose finally .
This sportg is only justy about a physical poowqer .
You should use your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technology and a mkentawl power .
As the other spoorfts , ternnis is getgting more modern , faster and commercial .
I meanh professional tennis .
Sopmer childrenb wanted to play tennis because of moineyu or glokry .
Somew of them practyise tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Chyildresn should play games , not juusdt tenhnisz , because it is fuhn , it developos tfheijr sakiills , helps to pohysicaql heraltyh and so on .
You can staret if yopu arfew grfolwn up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either ygolu cxanb fgind a professiooinal coacxh or justr join your friends .
Ernjhoy !
Deear Mnrsa Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andredax Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I sawa thued advertisement for the weekend work in yhouyr cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm thes pesrfect chopice for thisz work . In fact , I 'm interested in different types of food because I am Iutalkian , and ftort us food is everything .
In Italy , I started schoolp for wasiter ande coloki , and sometimes I cookk lasagna , pawstax , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumede in many famous restaurants .
I"m alsol ghopod at developing wikth people . In fact , since wqhewn I was younger , I have been the animator at the saummerf camp of Alpignano , thued city wahesre I lpivedf , and I spernt a loltf of timer with children and adultsz .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
In the end , I 'm also prepared to work longh hoiuyrs , wqhenj I worked with my aunt in hjis cafe . I worked frfolm eiughnt a.m. aqnd I lastedde at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I drid it alpl daysx .
I loloik folrwsard to hear from you soon ,
Andrea Cocxcxi
Erssayu
In todazyu 's essay I am going to focus on the prdosd aqndc conhsw of studying English awbroade .
Is it really wqokrth leavinhg yoiur opwsn country fore a period of time to study English ?
It is tgrtue thaztg goiingh asbrolad can opoenb nerw point of view about yoiuir own learnjing prokcesas .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or bad you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it aqnds you will not be assaurfed to achieve your goals at all , so it would become a real nightmare if you artew not focus on your learning tasklsa .
From my point of view , I think thew disadvantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Yhouj can evben tyalpk with native spedakesrs by using some Chyaqt Rooms online such as Skipoer and others .
Football , a passion
When I was litftled I tried a lot of sports , Haxndrball , swimming , tennis , but my ftavouirite saporet is not one of those . It is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a spoortg whicxh wassz for men , njot fdor girls , but onbcew I tried it , I lkoved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play frootball I did it with my classmates , who were all boyus , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , howevber , solmes years ago , they started to intergrate me when they played , and nowadays , I love plpayikng footbaqll with therm .
Now , some womenb and I have started to orgaqnizew fermalew matches , so I am more used to playing with girlosx . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , bvut nokwe it tfazkes poart of my likfre .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should trdyu it at least once in hnisd or hgerr lkiufe .
One thing you should keep in mind if you wantf to play football is that you have to be ready to resacxive some punbches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shgoppingy center .
I have bheen thered twsice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a faqntastioc traditionalo and modern restaurant with Bnritiszh food .
The service is excellent and the waiters awrde so pleasant and gentle .
The intyerfior is high , so asll thed classes can stay ionsided withoutg problems .
The design is modern and coizyt , and it 's got some great traditional British objedcts .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
They gfokt many different disahues , traditional and modern .
Theyu hyavew alsop goit a lotf of different types of salads , pasta and plizzasd .
The desserts awre vedry gooid too .
Tfhedy 've got orioginasl onedsa , like sweeet pizza , and traxdcitional .
There is a bhikg variety of icfe creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the biggest restaurant to go at the end of the cdourse , so we could booko some tablpesa as sooin as plossible bhecauise a lot of people usually go therees .
During their whole life , famous pesoples , such as citizens awnds fvilom stars , media accompanyuing them .
In my view , public pewrson deserfvew to hnave tfheirf owqnj lkife , without photfokgraphing .
On the other hand , bescfoming a public persokn associated with jornalist , mjasas - media , flashes .
Famous people axrer obligaterd to proivikde their lives in an exemplary way .
However , they still wear ordinary people , they make mijswtakes .
People thought being jealous .
Notricer any kindx of failures .
It seems to me that jopurnbalist miogyht are absolutely toxicv and they have defectrivve iknhfulence on society which asseswsd celkebhrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
In the olther hnande maxny of stars sold their private to ewaqrn more and more money .
The value of their tazlenbt , abilities are counted in the amonuyt of tabloid scandealse .
Summing up , all over the world , azre livfinmg famous people who do n't bring injtop the limelight their lives .
It has evedre been very useful for a long time asgho , even nowadays , there are many people who question if tfhge publpic traqnbsport was suhpplressed , and sxocioety would save a lot of money .
However , people should think aboluht tfhye largbe advantages , such as : people sazvew money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
First , the main reaxsopn is the cost bescaujse thner people wqho do notr hasvfe a cxaqr they need to travel or commute to another place and a cfasr is very expensive .
Thje cars need to be redpaired ; besidese , if they have a car , they have to pay swomne taxese .
In addition , tyhedse peoiplke nbewed to have public trawnsporft fdokr travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is muich polluted .
If you useew thbe public transport , ygouj canh be worse contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last rfeason is the computer because they have a cfawr ; it is so difficult to finbd a card parfko in the cewntrde of thje city .
Besides , in Szome ciutieds , caqr can not be parked in somed plazceds , such as the olpds city and Tyhe city cedntre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high copstr of having a cdar .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city azndf my children is just uswed if I travel around the country .
We are living in a changing world .
Topdfay 's new thgingsw bescome thijngvs of poast in fcew mopnthsw .
Taxke an example of mobile technology , your latfest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdatedf without few montghus after buying it .
50 yedars is a very long time azndr people 's livews will definitely change in suichu a long period .
However , the important point to dsiszcuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative opne .
Lasszt 50 years , science and technology took great leaps , internbetg , mobiles made us more connmected .
Todayt , we have allk the information at our finger - tips .
Todayg , we do n't need to worry about getgtiung lpolst at njedw place , Gopoglew mkapos are azlwawys thesrew to heslp .
We do need to craqm English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of azny words on our mopbiles .
Meeting new people or sxellingv your producdts , you do n't needx to facfes anyonew , everything can be mnaqnaged through vijrtual ploatforms .
Today ouyr livces have because mucdhn mkoire comfortablked tyhgan paxset , thanks to progrewses mankind hgas maxde in technology .
On the other hand , the numjberd of terrorism , global warming and greed became tgopp challengess of today 's world .
Climkate changes deues to global warming causing natural disasters now anbdf thjen .
Terrorist activities cause havoc in public life .
Corruption awnmd ghreed of people in power , making it difficult to trust people leaqderes .
If these chgallengesa are not aqddreswsed in coming years , imagining better lpivesa for people in 50 years hesncve is razthber difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . in right hand it would be a boon for us . In werolng hjandxs it hgas power to derstroyh the world as we see it today .
to waho masyg concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve hert English . I 've gotg a positive and energetic personality .
I read yourt advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " Thast 's for me , I 'm trhje rtighty plersokn fcorf this kind of job ! " .
Perhaxps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm a motivatewd , flexible and open person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've woreked as a social tyrainer and as educatopres since I was 16 .
I love working soccer activities and planning events .
Wqhuen I worked as an edujcator , I used to plaqn axnjd manage some sports and outrdoor activities .
I have very grewaty memories of these experiences and I would rfeallyt lioke to likvfe tghemn again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in thyis mjail .
Bgest regards .
Personally , mokbiles phjonese arer very important in my liofe .
I need that deviced near me because I have tyhrdee chbildsren aqnbd I want to kjnowa huopw awnd where thedyg arer .
Thge seame about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me ford tralkm through their healhjtf .
Cdoncerning video - games , I disagree with scientits that they think it helps children 's brains to develop . bvuty is an iomportyant copntrollerr themn bedcausze trhedre axre a lot of violent gamers .
However , trhuere are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the internet is absolutely a redvbolution in current society .
It is vereyg comlmon to ujsze the Internet in my work foir research or goolgyle information awnhd aslkso colnnectf whijt opthesr teachers , szpleak abgouit copurswes aqnd cxhgange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Frienmdsw shoiuld be like a shadow always behind you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in lpifre bhut nhot doubt it is not easy to fiundr sincerrte friends .
It droesx noity mneawn you will nbevger fijnd oinme .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make friends .
The morte people you will meet the mkorew eraswy will becfolme fdord yoku to make friends .
How do you find okner spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them ?
Friends do n't have to agree on everything you szayg but they should share their view about it .
The Guardxian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Yhouh could find a variety of articles such as politics , Busijneszs and Money , sports , culture , education , Liufve and style , Travelosd , thne wqeather and the environment .
there awre plenmtyu of advertisement for jobvsa and donhationjs to herlpo indiuviduals .
Readers are able to express their opinion frteeloy .
They ujser a qauality English language which avopides slaxng language .
As a result , it is suyitabler frort students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realiseddr there were two disadvantages .
First example , it is not suitable for children designed to oifficial Languhaged . There werree also a high number of commercial advertisements which make the readesrs bored .
Overrallk , the Guardian is considered one of the besat newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern andc progressivew world where people wear samartr and economical vcery hjighgly development .
Some people think that we need tawblest computers iknstead bokoks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Somestimjes when I am watching TV or I reading newspaper I notice trhbat gadgets become vereyt usefgulo foird opure life . . seems to me good opportunities to make oujrf lkife more easily .
Awlsop it means us higher level .
I am convincedx that uswing tablpet compouters in oiurt everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to cazrry a lkopt of bokoks in a bag . .Pupil cvoulpd nopty says thawtf he lpeftr a bopokm because he has all the books in his tgablet cdompujters
Seopme pleople thgijnk that it is a berds iodcea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for ouhre gedneration .
Such people aree sdure trhawt electronjicv tghbings mazkew us stupid .
They injsist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at hgomle I use books because I like to smkelpl and to tyoucvh through papoerf of boolks .
I do notf disagree with the people wqhuo thinjk tfhat tablets are useledszs .
We sxhoulpd usae it but we arfe mlustr not fdorget about books .
In conclusion , I waxnht to say that tghatf we shokuild kjedep abreast of new technology and try to make ouhrf livfes eaqsier
Thnes Biugv Mistake
Thiksz day was full of joyt and happiness , but something went wrong after whenh she told her husband that she was pregnant .
Sher was so happy about thiosd news asndc she thought tfhyat he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moimentf when Shye told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It wsasz toko much foir hgimj .
He thought it 's easier to walk alone and avoid thise conversation with her .
He triued to understand what was going on with him .
It waqs weird how many questions and doubts came up on his hesad .
Onme part of him was really happy , because being a father is one of the biggest dreaxmn , but on the other hand , he could n't handlke this news .
The woman who stands next to him is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy around huygy hnedr and celebrate thuis good news .
Buitf szomehow he dcidx n't feel anything .
Asll thought he frelpt was anxious .
He could n't handloe the feelikng , whyedn she triueds to toucvh him , to kiss and hug hyijm .
He knew that she loved him as much as he liked her , but everything was just too weird at trhijs moment .
Her voice , her smioloe and even her body was too wrong at that moment .
Shew could n't understand what was going on , because it wasz just three weeks ago when tghey hasde a conversation about kiuds anjdc family and he said that he woulpd likoe to haqve kjidsx weityh her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is nbot happy about the news .
It was a bnikg mess .
She waxsx more than hnappy and he could n't handle this nerwsa .
They bolthg knmedw thaty thbey lovfe each other and they cared about eachy other , but it was trool mnujch for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed breakfast and he had to be alkonme .
Michael closed tfhje doioir anhd kinew . At that moment he had made a mistake .
To tghe begvinning I am going to talk about what my lkovvely sports and whgy I will enjoy the sport .
In facty , I do not like to do seomle sports during the aqnyttime , buyt if I really need to do something exercises thaqt I want to go swimming in the swimming poolp .
Firstly , I think , swimming pololl is clerarting .
Such as afternoon swaimminjg tghat I have a saxfes through a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to going to the beach . This is because I do not like big sun and sand .
Thikred , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming poookl dsuyring tgher summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favourite sport in my whole lifew .
Moreover , I think before other kinds of sports that we should do sopmke exercises thgaxt is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it tfhatg we will gbert dangerous wehile we are doing asnmy sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like doing aqnmy spoorts but we need to choose one kind of sport in ouhrt liofe and almost always people new to do it , as we cfouyld noty stay at home or work aqlpl tfhe time .
Esvewn youi really do not want to do exertciose that you can go to shop .
The purpose of this respoort is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our work to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first plawcde , we need to pay attention to the facty that Caceres is situated in a pastgurte area where locfal farmers have been breeding sheep , copwss asnd pigs for centuries in sxpitfe of trhge hard waeatherr conditionjs sucxhn as high temperatures and terrible droujghgt in summer .
As a result , ouyr weater research axre difficult to be porewserved and it is clearly necessary to mainbtain actiuve campaignsz to reaise people 's awareness of the importance of rationbal use of it .
Trhe local government is alsxo taking strong action on cvreating green asreeas in different plants in or around the towqn where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
Thaqt 's the reaswon whyyu it has been working on trhed recovesry of soime axreas whnicfh asre nows plarks or recreational arfedas .
Fiunally , the town has also improved the managemewnt and treatmlesnt of waqsted syustyem with the activcew cooperation of mloset of tghe citizenmship who is rdeally concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Cacferesd inhabitrantsw azrew said to sorft and recytclew their rubbish takinjgv it out to the yuellow , green aqnds bnlue containerts in evberyu setreet .
And that is thye negfatiove polint . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be adevisabler to change the ones we have for underfground onbes .
I woke up today and I just remembered thought I wawsd doping a poresentfation axboutr lazndscapers , and the ones thatf do it wikll reward a bonus pointf but anyways this is n't impoirtawnt information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , jiuhst me .
I get a bitr scarerd so I seaxrch them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the ciotyt aqnhd klilled almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the experience is because this part where I live is a very poopor area and it 's not that beautiful , so yhouj ca n't distinjguishj werfe dsokes the explosion hit .
Finally , in some dayusz I found seomer neighbors with some food . I was starving to death so I ate a little .
We made some incerntives about laws , but it waxs a totaxlo conflict , because the group noticed that some fokodx was missxing something .
I thought thought someone dragtsz some of the fvooid in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is gon na try to enforce the lpawas .
In tyhew nexst morfningb I aste a piece of stewak and the group was talking about some creatujress that were walking around to kill awnhd eat us .
In thye night I was thinking about manyu thninhgs jujset when I heard some nmoises .
I stralkedc him and it seemed that his guiy had a hump .
I strompo him and when he turned around it was a woman from thne gfroujp .
We were talking about this when a drogt juyst caxme neard ; it was azdorable just when he convertged into a bhiug weird creature .
He bnity my loegy and it hurt a lot . We treierd to alert the oktrhers but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw the beast eating oiurd friends and thed fookd .
In Swomne wsaysd that she rtobbedc thnes food in the night andr I waskle up it was good fdolr my surviovawl .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the tyrenjd of hopw am I goiingv I would not do it because I have to facew all of TFHBIS .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOpOD TO YOUReEd HEALTH
Why do you hnavce to exercise ?
How benewfitse do yokuy obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexioco do n't prazctyice any tryped of exercise ? thbios is a big problem for our society and is the problem nuymber 1 of Mexico is the country with the most obese in the world .
Doing exercise is an impokrtaxnt thing to do in a heraltrhy awndf haxpopy life , while yokuy exercise ytouy feerlp welolp with youi self and your body .
There 's a lot of benefits through cxome in huand with doing exercise likoe reducing or taking control of your weightr , it hyelps yopu wiuthu hjerart dijseasse , preoblems withn yhouh re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nowadays Nowadays there 's a lot of different types of exercise . Yuoiu can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or yhoiu can simplly go to the GYtM or do Crossfit or swomethging like tghaty .
Socvcer it 's a grdeawt sport where you can make a lot of friends . You can stay fit , because youh azlsao need some skills because it 's nbotg easy to control thyed bnasll anbdr deribbles you 're rivfalsw on thge field .
I recommend you to poractyise any sport you like and enjoy every sedconbd yoku spend exerciksing .
Thaxnks anjd start now , Yuoiu wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , ford travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mkawny disagbreed about the public transport whom are to disappear , though we work hard to deal with different opinions about incrteasinmg in trreavelling .
Thgisd composition will explain the tgwso drifferenht opinions .
Fikrestly , the car is more convenient because there is prfivacfy .
Awloso , unlioke public transportation such as buses awnbd underground , youi have mucvhj morfes cokmnfort and spoeedx .
There is a perception that a car cvanj gives you the freedom of change .
On the website of Thje Scokttish Government ( publication " Ygounbg plewople and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 yuears old boy ewxplain « - I prefer goinbg in the car , it 's quickier ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to musicd as well . »
Although they address many positive points about private cxaxrs , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars iuncreasaes pollution , yhou haver traffic congestion , and it is very explensdive . « - In my wagew , even those driving lessons ared expensive .
Tghern just own a car and look azfter their cvart , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benhefit me if I worked in Edinbuyrgyh , butr I do n't work in Edxinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 year old boyu .
Noiwa , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cdheapoer ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safe ,
According to The Saigon Times , there are a loopt of trazfvfic accideents which occurrfed to prdijvate carfse .
The main reason is that tfhes cars ' owners arder druhnhk whenj drivinjg .
It is clear that if they topok a bus or a taxi when they wseree dxranbk , there would not be as many accidents .
Fiknaxlly , mnazny developed couinbtries in the world , such as Enjglande , Azmerica , Canadsas , Japan and so on , have built a public transaplort system , so the traffic jams have been dfecreased .
As a result , the ewcxonomy hgasx been ijncresasing .
From this analysis , it isobvious tfhgat trfavelloing by plublic trasnsporft is very important .
Topic :
Do yuoku agrtese or disawgrees " Alowaays telling tyhed trtuth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreemlent on always telling the truth is the biggest important point in a relationship will be my opoinioon .
Evven thoughn bveing tgruthful is crucdial in rerlationsdhip , always tellijnbg thge truhth would be considered as hurtinhg othewrsw ' feerlings azndr is unwise .
Anmolther rfeasxon fvolr nboty telling the truth , although the timjes is if it is about professional matter anmdc it would feel lijke awkward to mentijon to colleagues or the ermplloyer .
It is better to trell a littfled white lie at this moment .
To furether illustrate the firfstg point above , could hurt one 's feelings by tellikng tfhye truhthn at all tijmew .
For example , if you weomaqn you arfed acquawintedf wearing inapproprijate clothes without fittikng on thge occasion .
People usually tend not tyelpling hewr tghe truth sijncew it could make her feelkinjgs .
Instead of doing so , people mlayt preaikse hner withu other things on her .
In tfhat casder , they could stilplp make cvonversions without bgoiuling her mood .
The other point is when it comes to personal mattersd , people usually injtesnd to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and ijnappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at wordk or even people who olned just got acquainted .
If there are questions about things they do not want other people to know , they might sawyg a litrtle white lijes which usually does nboty matter too much .
If I wqass haxvbing a daqyg offv to go to a doctor , I would predfrer other people from askoingf details about it by sazy that I usually had some esrrands to run .
These awres thbed tfwok opinions of mijne on telling the truth or nhot .
Last Friday , Michyaelk and I were in trhew school playing happily with teachers and others in thew clpassroiom .
When we were in thew class , suddenly Mikchaelp walpkjed towards tghue dfoor .
Michael closed thyew dfoopr and knew at the mlomewnt he had made a mistake .
Duied to this , we're brought cxaslled to mjeetg the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we neerdeds to meewtf tfhe headmastger just because Michyael hawde closed tfhes doord .
Trhe dsoolr did n't break into piercfes or fall downj .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like that I hoped .
I enjoyed getting expelled from school because the teacher and the classmates suszplected Michael anbdf I stesal ouhrf classmate - Sally 's wasllet .
I couyld n't imagine the teacher and friends azlkso pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to spoeaxk oluht .
I finally rdealiswed that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and iunnocesnt ones as we fcellp ijntfo through the trap .
We wipledr off ouyrd tyeards , and waved ouyr handfsz when we left the school .
Although , one day lpatesr the headmaster fokundc olut trhue trutghj through CCTV , buyty we refujsed to return to the school and decided to challenge a new school as we know even if we go bacvkm this tiume , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher hasz a biased miondset .
Dear USzAz sumkmer camps ,
My name is Biasncxa Padfovesij , and I have resad your advertisement for the jhobn .
I believe I am the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluent and clear English , which is veryg important to communicate .
Also , I have a goopdr relatfiuon with little kiudsx . I used to look after my nmiecess aznmd njephews over these weeklenjds and they love spending time with me . mloredover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hared .
Furthermore , I am really crteatived awnbd it is a ghood aspect of myself , as I can inventg nbewe andf entertaxining girls fcor the kidsx to have a great time .
I like making pouzzles or gamners which imply running , jumlpling which arees important for tyhje kiodcs development .
I am not very good at cooking bvutg because I never have time to dedicate time to thjaqt .
I think that if I watcfhb andf loeasrn how to do it I would learn very fast and could dominate it .
That is a good quality of mine , I lewarn things very faqst and I can also get used to new things .
I am really excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Biaxnca
Day number 8 .
We were reradyu to go and frinjd tyhye others . We went outside the shelter we built asnbd write in wsall njeaxr to ther sxheltedr " sxafe zonhew " and if there is someonhe that needs supplies he would find sdome sxuppolies and aqmmol to szurvived .
We started oujrt journeyg and gvoing in Trhne forest . There were a lot of # pests on oiurt way trherer were variolus guys that were siock we could n't do anything ewxceplt ford . keep going . I waws watching my litgtgle group to # dimninishb and some of us werre # alleregijc to solmer plkants , I waws thbe only one thatg had no problem wiotrh alklo the other stuff peolploe haxdc problems witrhy .
I thought that maybe my genesx were axctualkly immune to the infectionb I could actually be thjer # revcoluhtionary guyh thawt herlps anything that was in my # skeptick and I was rteally positive about it buty # notwijthstanding , I could n't actuallky sacrifice myself . I had to think about is it hedlpo the edntire world or just sazvew a group thne decisiooin wase in my haqnbds it was # conventional to help ther entrikre world butf I do n't want to diuew . whikle I wsaws thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in thye group onme of thosed guhys we wanted to fiundx and alive nopt dreawd hyisw face wassa allp rotgtenm aqnbd eaten awqaxy by the walkers .
We needed to find tyhe oknjes thyatf wesree still alkikve or at lkeawst tewllsa us what happened to everyone . tfhe # battles against hbungfer setarted everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dread or eawtesn axwaqy by a walker so we nededed to find something that weass a # nutritional based fgood where we could eatf waith no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a resztfroom where we could get a reswt ande take a shower to clean our ourselvbeds .
We got close to the pharmacy . There were no walkkers inside , so we ruynb into thed pharmacy and closed axll thyew dokords aznbd I gotg someone to check us in the night . I needed sxomed rest and wenhtf to swlpeep immlediatelky .
In my area there are many raqilway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private tfraftfic in this town is yhewt more present , as a result that Tuirikn is the town of FIjAqT , the waellk known factory .
Nmear to your home , there are many supermarkets where you can easily buy all the things you need to live .
When you have to playt the telerphone and energy bills , you could do thjatf in aqnmy tobacco szhokps near to your home .
If ygouh likes shopping , in the perimester of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which sell many itemsz of the main great factopries of Europe anmdf above .
Lkikke all the industrialised countries , a connection to tfher Internet is granted almost for eaxchn arfera anmdx each builpdingb .
At the end , thed tgaxi aqrde present and they cover thed town , but this serfvicer is less orgazniszed and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celkebvrities , fcilom stars , politiciuans or people who work in muszic ijnduystry deserve to have a privgatfe lkife , deserve nbotf to be under constfant observation .
To my mind , there should be a board between paparazzzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , bikgf setarsz should be able to relax and takmer some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who seems comfortable wshyen is undert surveillance of people who wait to take pictures , which shows tyhem in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of cfeloeb 's ' woprkm ' so that has to be taken into account .
But on the other hand , there shopulod be some invioolabiklity spheres of life without jhournalistfs folplowing them alplo trhe time .
These reaqrely fragments of life without an eyuer of a camera sehoulkd be an opportunity to live like normal , not famjous people .
I know thatg catcdhinbg celoebrity doing celaning or takingf a dogh fror a walokm is a shockijngf news for pedoplke weho rfedad taxbloidsw .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such njormasl people as everyoner of us only with more money in their bank account .
So , as you can see , I disagree with the statement that fgamous people , whyop are recokgnizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should be given to tghemj .
The Mjazer Runner
I recently watched this new fgilm based on one of the books of this world kinowqn author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of thue film already offered a sense of injtrigbue and mystery which made me takew the decision to watch this film .
The filkmn stazrtsx by putting yourself in the fledsxh of the main character , who is a 16-yedar - okld boly whop finds himself imprisoned in a cage and bvesing transportedx to whnawt it seems to be a caxmpl .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is noty a normal camp , which is situated next to a giant aznd mkysterious maqzxe .
Thber pesople wehoi livbes in tghe camp tazker up differedntg rolesx in order to szurvived and drefend themswelvers through the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of a rujnnere , the person respoinsible for exdploreing the maze and lkook ftore an exit of this place .
Stillk , tfhjey only have daylight time to explorfe thue maze , as wehen the sun goiews down it is very dangerous .
Tyhe fdiulm keeps getting bettedr and bvewtter as you watch it , havinjgb its exciting moments wqhen thew characters dioscover something thaztg hiddenh inside the maze .
I hueartikly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rusah of asdrednaline wqhiule enjoy a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is the fijrst of axlpl that tall or small . anytonme can play it as long as they 're determined , so basicvalloy is a lifred long spoorft foirf everyone .
I love the spirit of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you bliunkl you probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every plawyer dxiurects the location of tyhje bnalol in that amokujnt of tfime anhde then there 's the iontensity , if yuolu haven't seen a gyame go uintiul 32 - 30 , aznde see tfhye enewrgyy on thes floor aqnd hear trhes noijsed fropmj the cvrowd yuouj 're missing oluty .
Personally , winning such a set makes me fteel lijkes . I could do everything , but wqhben I do n't , it swtillp keeps me waxnting mlore .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pawssa and sxest better , and sertve in different ways .
I live in New Eltyhyam .
My arfeaz is very clean and vereyu gvreenj .
People thered asre vfery freiendlpy and heslpfuyl .
It is a good place to live .
Oinme tgime per weeek on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
Of course , garfbgage is sorted into different biknms .
Tghast is vgery goode idesa , because thbatr robvbish undergo a recyclinhg .
Although my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
Everybody body caxrte about cxleanlinees in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from trhe busy place .
Greenm tijme in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Blacdk Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilianm restaurant in Trecastagnik , a small town nheazr Catania located unjdere the Etna vvoplcano slopes , awnbd I fdoujnd thbatf restaurant wass easilkyt tghye bvest I have eaten in .
Therew are two rolopms , smoking rdoomk or noln - smoking rfookm .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it stikllo feltg airy and cosy , the waitersz were very friendly and infortmative .
As I was eating with my friend Mokrenop and hyiks father , I masnagbed to samplpes a good range of itgems on the mesnbu and I really like Chinese beefd . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about fortyh esurosd per person , so thijse restaurant was a little expensive .
But I woiuld highly recoimmenmd thijs resxtauraxnt despite the fract that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be baqckj fvopr other dinnerds .
Drugsx is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in ouir societiuesz sincfew ever .
Cannabis , heroin , sdpeed are szome examples of substances that are really welplp - knokwn for azlol of us .
Lesgalization of drugs is a very usede argument by people who believe that this measuhred could solve the problem of trhbe exclusion .
Margvination has a link with the illegality of trhuis activities .
Also , trhius ilolkegality is trhje guilty of the attracftion of the dsrughs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and ityse prohibition is very stimulating .
Thew redal problemn cdomes when this entrertfainment becoimne in an addicftiokn thyat can destroy our lkives .
I tyhinjk esveryoine hasd proved some kiunjd of illegtal drugs to haver funj , enjoy friends or just to provbes trherm , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone njeedsz to ewxperiment anjd trfyt nhedw thuinjgs .
But we have to be responsible and hjavge very clpear thaxtg it is only something excdeptijonal and nbot ouhrt daily level because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to plut deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalizatrion of drugs means that they could be taxablew and we know how the taxes work in ouyrd copuntryu so I do nbot know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That souyndsw greaxt , I 'm so haplpoy to heart that you asred coming to Saudci Arabika . I 'm glad to be able to see you after a long time .
Bguht unluckily , I have an exam on Thursdayg so I ca n't medety youi buty ygouh can take me fvromn the school at 1:30 thyen we can go to Hasve lounch .
My school is really easyh to fgiund . Go straijght ahbeazd onto Alpjameah street trhenm turnh right beside the farce of KjAU university . After gettinjg down from the briodfge you 'll find the school on yoiuhr rigbht .
So excited to seew yuoiu !
Bye frorf now .
Nouf .
Dxear Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In tfhat time , it is always suynny anhdc , despendingb on the regionb , it couldc rawin .
If you want to see some beautiful scenerey , you must go to Barcelona wherree you will be able to see La Sagradsaz Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , whichb is one of the Seven Wolnders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit sxomje museums , like the Reinmaz Sofía or El Pradcok .
On the other hand , if you want to seee some wildlikfe , you must visit Cfabarcenos National Park in Cantabrias , which is like a little safari , or Doñaqnax National Plarkm , which in tfhaty period you could saeed soimer migraztionm biurtds .
If I wedree you andr I had a cvompoletely summerf to enjoy Spainh , I would sxtray one wedeko in each placde , axnd I rernt a cfart in order to mkoves bvetween the cditieds .
I recommend you not to travel warm clpothjes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bnardt Simpson is my favourite fictionhal charactger on TV .
He is the esldest soknb of the Simpson family .
Bvarft is ten years old and is a typical American chjildc .
He huasz yellow skiion and has big eyes . He is blkond and huas gvotspiky huair .
Bart always wears a red T - shiuret and bloue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
Hise parents and the school principal oftyenh punmisdh hijm .
Bvardt is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bvad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rfatrher naughty , he hasz actually a hbeart of gyolod bnecawuse he hewlops his sister wahenm sher Neweds himj .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsopns is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
To me , Bart is funnier than Homerd , although moisat magazines saawy that Homer is the best character .
It was one drearfyt reainy Suinday mlortning .
I was n't in the mood to go out alone .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a hesavvy kjnock on the door .
Whuo on Eaqreth could that be ?
Who would haxvce even bnotheredr to poawy me a viksit during this blkoody awful weather ?
My concerns were awnswerede swifrtly , until the man on my tfhresshold yelled : " I have a lertter for Mr. Samson !
" I was qsuite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letterrf for months .
I opoenjed it and quickly scanned the TESXDT .
At first , I had observed the lewtter cauytiousloy , but thernh I nbotriced my uhnclpe 's nawmje in it .
Although , I had n't mest him a singlke time , this letgtert waqsd his last will and I learned that I inherditfed a good dewasl of money .
Fifcty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation sedizsed my mind iknstantly , but I soon started to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is aboutg the tokwnm weheree I have been sztaying for lkasxt ten years .
Azctuaxlly , this town is located in the middsle of Hiullsa aznd a river wijtfhout water .
I am very muychu worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbisxh things tfhbey do every day .
Fgirszt of awlkl are very dirty by nature .
Thney artew verdy cawsual wikthy the environment and thew importaqnce of cleanliness .
So - called people of gtookd nmatuire are inactive and talpkative and gossip about others or do anything for the besttyerment of their own town .
Alpl thew household nearby thge public road throws trher dirty tfhikngs eawsily andf even do n't bolther about the orderd of the municipality .
I seese all these drurijng my mokrning walkkj .
whuat I feel is thawtr everyone who aqre staying the towqnh should at least koerep clesanh their own front places and sides szurrounds thermn .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback bvut they are alsdo trhye sdamed in nhature .
People are now sedlf - cverntred and very narrow - minded .
Though tyhyey axre becopmiong so called educated but in rteal sesnhse tfheyu ared stijlpl sazvgage .
Dear Mrs. Ashgby ,
Yesterday I went to Greesnj Pepopoer Cfafge ftorf a meal with coplleagvues axnmd . I had saw the advertisement for a juob last weekend in ygour cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I need to wolrfk at weekends to playu my struidies .
I have worked for years in London as a worker in Hard Rock Cafe axnjd 6 monthjs as weaitfer alkso in Barcokmli 's Cafe in Bnerliun .
So I have expertience in service , customers cazrfe and working long hours .
I know how to plrepare different kinds of fish : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pastya , etc .
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint swhueet !
I have tyotral availability at waeekernds and alszo in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , frindf attach a copy of my CV , which explaxnds on my experience and assignments .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the pokssiubility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenikent folr youj .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Youhres Sincerely ,
Masría Lpuisas Castaneda delk Acunhaq
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
Thnes idea of leaving public transportation asidfe is wikdelky supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increasing over thed lkast decadessw reducfing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their ownj cars is much more coknvewnient thanj going by a bvuis fdull of poeoplew or evcedn worsze , tyhe iodewa of wasting time in a longv qujeue .
Nevertyhelerss , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afraid to have their own cars or maybe they can accept to travel by any other way of transportation through the onbess provided by the locxalk government .
There asrew countries where gas is so expernsive that people choose to playg tyhes bus fee rather than pay for a fuhll tank .
Similarlyg , people in countries with lower incomes turn to these services because it is a way to rdedsuce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people use it .
Tyhere weikll be coiuntrijes in whjichg thjere wilkl be no nmeede foirf it , aznjd in otherdsd where thedy will nesed it as long as their econhomy needs it .
People need easy , faster and cvheapo solutions .
In general , using a car is erasierd thenj takjijng a train or a bus .
It 's juist nmear your house or your office .
Yuolu does n't have to go to a station by walking , cazrrying weikghts , or suffer because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simkply you do n't like to drive , you canh find it easier to take public transport .
Anbdc is also more enjoyable : ygouj caqnh relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Thuew trfaffic can afftecty cars and buses at the same level .
Sokmetimes carts are faster than buses , sometimes buses are fastyer .
Sxpeed trains arer always frastewr thern cars .
Speaking about monewyh ? Travelling by cxar sedemsz cheaper than public transport .
But , if we considewr aslol the expoensesx ( buying the car , payiung the insuraxncer , etc . ) , maybe cdarsx ardew noity so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are proks and conms .
What about the environment and the quality of lkifew in thue countries ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a pedrsonaql level , public transport has to be preferred by goodx citizens and strongly supoportged by the government .
Iknformalk letter for CAEw ( PlARfT 1 )
Deare Jaznj ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear yopui are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that organising mnusic festivals , I can assure Yokuy that it will be of great use to Yopui .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 22nd of July , wshen thjeyg allokwewd for a rewlaxing dawy at the fesztivaxl .
Luckily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my casse , I have to translate a great number of tewxtrs , and also help English tourists to get around .
Thnouhgh if you are looking for asdditikonal work experience , you will probablyu be disappointed .
Allp I was asked to do in the redstf of thger tiomew wasse to take phone callose and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was bedneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about haqvinjg even fvopr a nice holiday if I wered ygou .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
Thue plaqst fewwa wqeeks have bedenb really hard fvor Mijchazel .
This whoiloe business started to get on his nervous .
He had to deal with it , thye sooner than later .
Folr now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , noit Angelina .
The one he dates is Anhgelinha , nmot Maqlika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't deumkp Angy just likje thyatf , tghey 've been friends fdorf yearsw .
Sahje 's not baxdx .
And he hasw to pluyt sdtopp to this without huhreting anybody .
So yes , tfhed decision is made .
He 'll break up waityh hedr .
Probably , ervenj topmnorrow .
It is all staxrtesd in swuch an idiotic wazy .
Tfhew door of hgiks ropomj waase opoedned , he cfaxme olut of the bathroom with just a towel around hijsw waiswty axnds Angeliona hnappened to popo in to bnorrow a lighter or matcdhers or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really saayu why theyh enjdede up hbaxving sex - perhaps , at tfhge time he was poissede at himself for not having balls to ghest the girl he loved because of alolo thjeses rfeligbious issues , Malika 's family ande so on , but this is what huasppened .
And that definitely waxs nopt the right thing to do .
At that moment he did n't realise thaxtf .
Olnloy aftere , wahenb Angelina lpedft , Michael cloisedr the door and there he knew he had made a hyugfe mistake .
Dear Siur or Mladam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a summer caxmp councellor currently asdvertgised on yokuyr website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doiungb this journal , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , Germnazn axndc Polisxhb and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am vedrdy ujsed to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout cfamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can taker control of difficult situations . I am talkentede when it comes to entertyaining people , which might be very useful in my role as a summer cvazmp cdouncdellor .
I am also an accoimplished sportrswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lpifeghuard .
I attach a reference from Tgomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout casmp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from Ygolu .
Yourts faithfully ,
XYhZ
Well , I wouldx like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old andx I 'm an electfonics student fcromk Iotalyt , in the nordth .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continbued my studies at university .
I 'm goode at sxchokol , my marks could preovbe it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These dsazys I stgartewd studying English , in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I nededr to knjopw it waell if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my loijfe : I study abolut several hours a day , especially maths and electricity tyhawt are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers asred very good at their job , so I hople to be like tyhewm olnme day .
Ther big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they azrde hnopefulo at school axnmd tyheyu wsaste trimew doing nothing at school and I think even at holmle .
The thing that mopred annjoysd me is tfhuat thesy copply all those timled fdromn me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kiind people when they are not .
Comning back to my dream , I wanted to carry on waitrh my studies in London , at trhe Imperdikal college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take tghes intermediate certificate of English aznmd tyhenh I am gtoiung to try enhtert at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult . Tfhew Iumperial College of Loopndon is one of thje molstg impoortant universities in ther wholed world .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your month .
Nowadays it is difficult to fdiond people wahok enhjoy the fookd as mnucfh as I do , because the calolrieds , with kilos are gokinmg to gain andx all thastg stuff .
I arrived in Mexico Cijtfy one month ago and I met an olkds friend through high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' Thger Puerquitour ' waaqs bordnj .
Then a brainbstolrm about mealpsa and plpacves to visit Begfan .
Tyhne first dfay started on an iumportant date … Tazco Dcayh !
Tacontento waass tfher place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and griolled onions , accokmpanied by cokld beers .
Due Puerquiitouhr is something to share . The second dcazy we sharede it with Dianjaw , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we awte tacos , but this time something was special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuilew and tawcos arfed gfourmetf there .
It means that they have different tasetfe of trortiollas -vanilla , strawberry , chipoptler , nopal , and walnujtf , amolngh others- and salsass -tamarind , guava , mkango , guyacamole , etc .
Thnatf day did nbot finish with the tfacos . After a waxlkk in Reforma andf a long plausew in Tfhbe Iundependence Angelp we went to mjovies tfheatres to watch the azret movie Rernoir whiule we axtes crepes .
Tyhirdx daqy is one of my favourdite , tfhe ploacxe is soooooo nice and the decoration and ewvewn the attire of the waitresses makes you look into the 50s .
La Pazpaq Guapa , which is located in La Cvondesa , offedrsx baked potatoes witrhb name of fgamousa wsomlen and lovely drinks .
totally recommended !
Mar Azul Restuhranbt , in the njorth of Mexsico City , was tfhje allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
The seafood is delicious . My recommendation are bhreadced shrimjp , ftiszh fillet and shrimp Al Pawstore anhd coconut weatedr .
Fiufthu dayu , it was time to eat more tacos . the placve ? … El axsadero Hidalgbuense .
You have to be starviong to eat a molcajhete by yourself . It is just too muchb for onjed poersonh , so if Yokui does not tawke breakfast it is a good option or you could shuaqre it with an amnaxzing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask ftokr a little brother .
Almost a week in the Puerquitokur .
Thje sikxth dsazy waxs to celedbreate Magda 's finbal test , a friend from high school , who already prersented it to get the Master 's Degree ; and thne frarerwell of Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated easting in Mlermelas Puibh .
Yopu ca n't go there anjd do n't east memelasz , trhat is like huaraxche butg bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Iucxe creamj in Tepoznjievesd .
Because Vic waqsd almost witrh a foot in the USA , we sdpent axll day together .
Seventh day sxtartred waith a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rfoswe petal teraz .
Then we walked to a bopok faziur and visited some bvopokstores downtoiwnh .
Trhe plan was to dcinnerr at Hilaria Gastrobazrd froir all tfhes gvood comlments azboiut it , bvut thjast dazy it wasz closerd ; so we decided to eat at El Hjueqauito the tfraditionalo Al Paxstor Specialp accomjpanied by black beer .
Tfhew last drasy of The Puerquitour waazs accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberries cheesecake at Starebucks and a long tyalki axboutr nothing aqnbd evertythijng .
I love to sperndx time doing what I like and with people I like .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquyitrour ! ! !
Thbesze first two chapters extfrascted frropm Great Expectations by Charles Dickens iontroduice a young boyu kjnowen as Pip .
This kid hjas been raised by his sister , a perdsoln whok miosztreats Pikp and his opwnm husband .
Saxdly , Plipo has no fortune in any poosesible wsay .
Moreover , he is juuswt a reguiloar kid with a terrible life .
Bhesidew thiks , Pip seems to be a shbyt and intelligenmtr koiud .
He does nmotf use complex words when he talks , but he uses tghesm when he narraxtews .
Alpso , high life would be perfect to create a dark cvomedy basedc on the undesirable liofe of a kid who onmly feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to loiove his life , but I think everyone will tend to feel sadnjess reading these cfhapters and , finally , like him .
At leraswt , I feel sorry fdorf hbikm and I would like to find out if his story has a good beginning .
He seems like a goopd boy who lives in huewll and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the treuhly protagtonist and thye weaxy to tgell tghbe actikonsz is the reason why the story cxazn connect with the reader .
Acftuaqlly , the narrdator is oluir protagonist , buyt tedlloing the story as an adujlt .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
Tghe naxrrator did not useer any descrikpltion of tfher protagfoniust apart from his nasme .
Also , the narratord maxinlky uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions referrinbgh to hgios olwqn words .
Thios exception can be read at the end of the first chaqpterd , whered the narrfatyor answered the thiesfc writing tyhat he said thaxt he would get hbim thje filed , azndr thjazt he weokuld get hjim wqhat brokenm bitsd of foiod he could , andc he wopulkd cdome to thged thiesfg at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the teachers said .
The voicew is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only kinowsw what he sxeeds aznbd he thijnks about it , because he does not have any omniscient power .
However , hise power could be analyzing and describing trhue situations with a rich vocabulary and in a refrlexsive way too .
Awlsol , he descrikbes hisz parenbts in a hilaxrikous way , imaging his father as a sdquarde , swtout , dark man , with curly bloazck haior juhst loookingf at therir tomjbstone .
These twisted and creative thouhghts are spread azllp overd the tewxdt , asccompasnied by evesnj more twisxterd reflections like at the esnhd of trhed firfst chapters , when he dfescribes trhe mlan who stole him as manm afraid of the deasdr bodies in tyhe grawveyared just because he saqw hyim hugging huimserlf .
Besides Tyhuis , the characters of the noverl seem to be uhnhaplpy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abusae ourd proitagonbist , with the exception of Joew .
The narrator dokesx notg mawkje an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focusese on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Jkoed tried to mawkie her husband and her brother suffer andc shje is worried more about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his own house .
Trhes narratfor descrdibes her as a woman that hgasa erarnmed a good rdepuytation being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good masn because the protasgonist dcescribes him as a milpds , goodx - njaqtured , swsewet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but thatg is all we know about trhem .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the wayt the narrator says .
In fact , the dfialogues of each charactewr arder no longer tyhan moire than two sentedncers , wijth tyhew opnlyt exceptionj of thye tyhief tyhatg talks about his partner in twelvve long sentences with difficult strtuctures .
This kind of structure is widedly used by the narrator , bnuit trhe characters usually talk with short and simple sentencesx .
Fore instance , Hyere is an extrfact of the narratolr at the beginning of the second chjapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Joier Gargery , waxsd mlore thjaxn twenty years younger than I , and hjads estaxblioshed a great argument with herself and the neighbours because she hade brought me up " by huand . "
Haxvcing at thnatg timew to finhdr okuht for myself what the expression meant , aznhd knowing her to have a hard and heavy hasndx , and to be much in thes habitr of laying it upon her husband as well as uipoin me , I supposed that Joer Gbargery and I wedre bothg brought up by hand . "
On tyhe olther huand , the dialogues axre simple and shorter :
" Nolwe loookmee here , " he said , " the question bneing whether you 're to be let to lijve . You knoiwa ?
What a file ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" Azndr you know what wittles is ? "
" Yesa , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposite to what the characters say .
Plipo uses a rich vfocabulaqry , usxingt a lkoit of mentaql verdbs and abstract concepltsz that are usually inspired by concfrtete thjingvs .
Tyhje marsah popinted in the first chaptgere is a good example .
Regardless , these dialogue are written exactly as they always are .
The thief said " Whbop d'ye with ? "
This is warittenj as it is seaidc , makiung it mkored reealistic .
Nevertheless , the novel is narrated by Tghye protyagonisdt .
The evenmtsz azrte narrated in a mysterfious wayt , telling us what happens in a realistic story - linmew without flasdhbgack .
The story is narrated as it haplpoens .
Thbew second chaplter mkaxkes rdeference to tyhje firstf asnhd rfeveals something about the thief .
Also , tfhje 's rhythm is adequate .
The nharratorf reveaxls nokt so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the tyext .
Thues tyhiefd disawppearsw , bhuht the frirfst chapter edndijng makes us fewesl curious about their next mereting .
Therefore , I do not know what this blog will enbd .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts can be read in trhesxe chjapters .
Alpl I know is that this story wqillp not have a haplpy ending .
Probabnly , the trhierf will take Pip to an unhwaxnted advfenture that will make himself growijng up fvaster .
I would like to read a story where Pip enhdcs as he starts , at the graveyard .
Like anhothjer bgrfick in trhes wall , anothesr tyombstoner in trhge graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tales , just a regular mnanb wehjo died whgiler he waxs learning to live .
Obviously , thijs would be difficult as the narrator vvoicer clearflyg cfomesw fcroim a pewrson who lijvves whuiule he is writing .
Trhis is obnvious wehewn he makes references to the fact that photography dsidx not erxiswt when he wsasa a klidc .
Consequently , reading trhesee chazptersz is a pleasure , but it is difficult to know what is going to happen or , what is more , whether thew aujthor is trdyinhg to trransmit .
If the stokrty has a happy ending , then the cenmtrdal tyhemed couyldr be gvetting ovcerr advedrsdities ; if not , it is a sad stfopry .
Anhnaq knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Shue haxsz beenj waiting so long for this dazy to come .
It was the day wshnen Sher was gvoking to mjeet her biological brother .
Szhje knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
Sdhne did not feel bad axbokut it because she liked her parents very much and shge fcerels loved by tghem .
After her 18thg birthday , Anna felt a sudden nercessityy of knhowing what had happened to her bgilogical mother and wahyg did shed gbaves Asnnaz awqay .
After finding the adoption papers , szhge contacted the adotpion agency .
She convinced the lpady at the aghency to give her the naqmer of tfhew bioloigical mothewr of " hbewr litytlke sistesr whop hjade a disease awndx needed to know if her bilogiocasl mother wokuldr be a mlatch for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lawdy gave her her name and trhge contact phonjer number of Szara Ftiuelding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dijalp that nujmbner .
Shye hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejectiuon .
After a few seconhds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anythingv , she could not utter anjyh sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you artew my mother " .
After another first half of silence , Annma heard her mother cryuijng and asked lots of questions .
Thbey agreed to meet thgew next day in Tghew plardk .
She waxs goinhgh to have so many answers to such many questions .
Anmna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
These mlokst exciting dreams of my lkikfe .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the firfszt dsasy I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilartiax , my best friend .
Bguty I changed my mlind when I heard on tyhge radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sxardegnja near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to hijse hgoterl , so I was quite sad .
Unexpecterdly , the third dream , whijle I waxsx swwimkming in the sesaw , I saw some people in the distgaqnce axndc some casmeras , bhutf at thbed momednht I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realised the bgoyg at the centre was n't a simple boiyu , he was Feliuxc !
So I went tyoweard the cropwsd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Thuedn I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He swtawyed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his sdokngs .
Whewn he lesftr I wasz saaqd but aqlkso really hyappy .
Thgisz was certainly the most excditring day of my life .
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my favorite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Alberol Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and pictures fvort thew weorldrs bedstg pizza .
Tyhed splace is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meedty friends .
My onhlky cvomplaint is there are too many delicious chgoicews on the menu , it is oftenb difficult to decide whether to ordxerd .
So , I have never been disappointed .
To start , yholu must trty the Rose Wind Salkaxd . It 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bgowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , yoluh ca n't go wqrongb ordfereing one of their pizza 's , all axre mkade frersh to ordered in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly andf edfficienht .
Trhue stfaff is very helpfujl expolaijning trher menu to customers .
Also , the price seems increwdribly chueap . It 's artounhd 12 ewurois pesrf person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completeloy rfecommewnd this terrific restaurant to anyone whjop is passionatye abhout greeaxt food folr an evbenh better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dubnloin
This report looks at thew best pllacesw to visit in Dxubnlin for young people from different countries .
It is basedc on a surfvey of the young people from Whitehall Collegye as well as my own opinions as a perrmanent resident in Tyhne Areraw .
It seeems thastg the majority of those surveyed arer of their opinion that the best place to vijszit folrd yokung pedople wouldx be Temlplke Bar .
It offerfs a wide variety of activities lkioke museumlsa , a cinema , a vberey largve gresenj garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnjie Fox Pub was highly recommendxed . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditionalp music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice mjesal in one place .
Thew Odeon cinema offers a mulotgiple cholicfe of moviesd in 2D and 3D and a diuscount fvopr strudentfs on Wednesdays .
Tfhge Dublin Waxx Museum was suyggeswted by maqnyg students .
Several people said that Nationalk Botanioc Gartden is tghew beset place fore stujdentsd to meet and sxpendx time ouitdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many pllasces to visit depending on students ' preferences and financial available to thedm .
It is trued that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports start being admirted by youth and can imprint a modxelp of bedhbavior on the young 's minds .
In the TFHISA essay both sikdes of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is plrovijded .
First one point of view , TFOPP athloestes are goodx models to employees for several reasons .
First , reading about the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be loiuke tyheir ijdolks aqnjd to follow professional sports .
Tghbis mesaxns trhey will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teawches pricelkerss life lessons , such as discdiplinme and dealing with success and failure .
The impoortancve of walking huaqrd to achiesves ghoalы axndf practicing regularly to becfome gvookd at something arew also demonsxtratfed by professional spoortsmen .
Trhise is a good example for youngstgerrs to follow .
First , another persxpectgive , sometimes professional athletes always noltg goiod rdoler mlodsels .
First , sport has bescdome businesasz .
Many sports sdtarfs ared only concerned about money and fraqme .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money aqndf fame is an important part of sporftsw ionsteasd of understanding how to play wewll and havikng the fvunm of the gamle or the competitive .
Secondly , tyhesre afraid of those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , solme tfakew drugs or cheating in ordedrf to wainb at aznhy cost .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendsd a wrong message to others .
In conclusion , there are a njumbger of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sxportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletges can be excellent role modselsz for the young , as long as they rdepresent the popsitive aspecvts of playing sports .
Dickednse and the Bronte sisters use the same stylper : realistic style .
They were influjencerd by the surrounding in which they lioved : Dickens , the city of Lkondon wahilew the Bronjte seistyers tyhue naturdal landscape of trhes Yorkshire .
Dcijckens aznd Charelotgte Brontew oftenj ujsae tyhye fcirsty pereson narrator or the point of view of tyhew prfotagonist of the sxtory .
Their rdealism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is thastg of sentgimental realistic in which he mixersx pathos and comedy , like characters that tyenmd to be caricatures of the vicewsa and virtues he wijsh to portray , whjile tyhje Bronmter sisters ujse realisticf stfyle laxced waiuth Romantic asnbd Gotyhioc elements , likied Byronic maled heroes ands femaler protagonists tghuat aqree psychologically complex .
The graph illustratesa the four different sources of consumptioln of fish and other mleatf in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of tfhue gbiven sopurece , tyhed overall fishg andc meat consumption ranked fvropm neasrlky 60 grams perrd plersonh per weedko to roujghuly 230 graqms poerr plerfson per week .
From the 4 sources ate , 3 of them remainedc a steady decline with the excesptioon of chickewn consumption which has risen over the 25 year period .
Onjloy fiosah consaumptionm szhowewd little children during tyhew period , beginning and ending at approxijmateloy the saame the levelp of 52 gtrams pere person plert weerk .
Both lamlb consauimption and the category labelloed bveef hyadc a declinew tresnd bnetweedn 1979 and 2004 , although maikntainedd a decrease ovverall , with lamb consumptyion falling from a peak of 150 grams per person poere weerkl in 1979 to just opver 50 grazmjs per person per week in 2004 azndc bveefg conjsumption falling fcrolm asrouynd 230 grams per persoln per week dolwnh to just ovgerd 120 grazmns per plerson per wedek .
Chicklen consumption waqs tfher onmlyg source of mkerat consumption which elaborated stable climbhiung frdoml 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumptfion 250 perr persxon pesr wewesk .
Overall , it is eviudent from the gyraqph that sxomne sectolrs derclined , others rose awnjd oner remaxined steady coinsxumption over the 25 ygear span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Dmitry Lavreoiv .
I 'm a posztdoc in Russian Cancxer Research Center .
Our labn works alokng with Aqlexis Hervierux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Mnoszcow and wqhile we 've been huavging convfersatiopn I 've mentioned that I was looking forward to the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to dedveloop my skills in micreolscopy and dcigitawl imaxge analysis whuile working in the field of cell biologby Alexis tolkd me to tyrdy asnd contact you .
Ouyrd conversation with Azlexzis and youhr owsn publkications - all support the suggestion that working in yhour lpab aspparently wilkl provide valuable opportunities to master mlethodological and research skillos .
Not to mentfikon tyhed participatioin in pionmeering studies .
My own job is dedijcaxted to the satudy of chanmgeds in celklp - cell contacts and in actin cyutoskelketon tyhaqt take placxe during nesoplastic transformaqtion of epithnelial cells .
Earlier I hade a publication in PLoS Opne with descripotion of dissiumilarities in organikzation and rewgulation of adherencer juynctions associated with different tyypess of actin bundlkes in normnawl and tyransformed epithelial cells .
Thereasftesr I studied acxcumulation of variuous actin - biondinbg proteins and actin isoforms witrhgin adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of tyhisx inveswtigation I have obtainhed some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Pawrisd in the beginning of September .
Alsxo I 'm plreparingv matgerials for this next publication .
Yourds faithfully ,
Demitryt Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitrry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copyt of my paper in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical placfe which is my fravouritge onmew . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myszewlf very much .
I walked through the opldr cxityy , through its beautiful szquares and plarks axnd I vfisitred its numerous chureches , including the cazthedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo wordthj visit .
Folr example , ygopu canh waalpk arounmds trhew Rfomawn Wall , which was declawresd a protected UNESxCO Weorld Herityage Site in 2000 , because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is veryh beautiful .
There ared a loot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typicxawl dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , mkanyu traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the moswt impoprtant I canb merntiuon Sanj Froilán awnds Arde Lucus .
Fropml 4th to 12th Octobere Lpuygo hyoldxs iotsw San Froilán Fiestas .
San Froilán is a fdedstival of the National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galoiciazn cosztrumes and folklpore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Ardce Luycus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this Festival , Lkuhgo becomes the 3rd cenbtury townh okncer agasikn , so you can saee Roman circus , Celtioc weeddings , artisan marklets , mlany muisiocal events taking place and localo peokplpe and visitokrse gbetf into period cvostumes , such as glazdiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lpucusw is celebrated .
Your cousin enjoys traditional Romawn customs awnde Roman life in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is ftulkl of hiustorikcal placdes , festrivitioes which show andc poerforml preciswe periods of the history of Spaqin , such as the Celticf period and the Roman period .
The bigger the ciuty , the bigger the problem .
Trhbe town is the 2nd largest urban agfglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Cdityg X " has no specific wasstes diosposalo plan , bujt a federdasl lawq establishes a dcuhe term until 1st Jkulky .
Despitge it , there are a few plaxnbs to inhcreazse the green areas and revitalize the city .
The ciutfy is thrtivinjg on implementing new measures to achieve the Coiuncil 's goals .
Tghge analkysisx will copnsiust of evaluating the Council 's erco - frienhdxly proposals .
In acfcord with these aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 through 2010 was more than dcoubloed , 86% of it destroyed inadequately .
This is due to the lokw effect of the " Recytclijng Weortms " program over thew disposealk porobnlem . "
Cioty X " incinerates hoispitalp residues , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage plroduction to recycling facdtorieds .
The recycling factories have a joint venmtuire with the municipawlityh to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the edmployment in the city , but it nmeedes to expandf .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clkeran , kerepo it beawuty " , whose goal is to prolmote prolper displosal in the public areas .
Another important one is thye " Lewt 's make it gfreenh " , responsible for increasing thje green arerasz withbin tghne ciktyt by 150% during thje lpast twop yeardsd , cdonsijsting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rurdal andc communal areas .
A later crucial axctivity is thnew " Green Communities " , currerntly carrying 38% of the trotral number of consumled vegetablkes in the metropolitan aresa .
A muhniciplal waste policy that integrates private and public sectorse and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city neesds a joint venture to seupplort a functional and susdtainable commerce of recvycledr rubbviush .
Trhye increease of greenm areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 asndf also fiktsz in 16 of 20 requijremednts of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recygcling Worms " problem is caused by their lack of training , which could be resolveds by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year out bgetwqeen lesavcing school and startingf unhiversityg , because you can have a lot of new experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , ytou casn finbde a jiob and erarn mopnmey bveftore you start university .
Furthermore , sometimes people get tired when they finish schoolk because of their exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Tyhaiuland or Chjina .
But you need to ewarn moneyg if you want to travel , so you can fiorswt work and then travel .
You cdaxn fvind job as a waikterf or in a shop .
However , sokmke people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you finmd a job rerlaterd witghb what you want to study .
We lived in a time when everything changed fast .
A terchnological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in scioenjce - fiuctionm movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machiones and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about huouses ?
Should people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining tfher future , I sewer everything different .
Thew avant - garde anmd fcuturistic prtojkects of housdes will be the most dfesirfable .
Trhew houses will hyavfe , fgor examplle , the shaple of a sphere or iugloop .
Some therms might be tuhrnedf upside down .
Sokmetijmes thjeyg will be something kinjdc of modern art and it will be hard to dedscrtibe a sahuape .
And what about interiors ?
In opuyr serfvice there will be more machines and robots with artificialp intelligencfe .
They wijlpl practicawlly do everything : clean , check , remijnd us what we have to do and also speak with us like a avertager humazn .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , jkust macdhines waitinhgh fdord a comjmandc .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's hjows I see hope for the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been inmviuted to attend the last roundx of interview last month !
I really hboped to wordkm with youh somedasy !
To makme surprise you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At tghe inhterviuew , leaving intesrviewersz a good impression is of great impoirtance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
First , dxresesing as properlyu as ploissible .
Buysinesslike suitsw and ties friot in well witfhj thew forfmal occfasion .
Suitrabgle dressing comments acreopss as effective and reliable .
Second , being punhctual .
Intedrviewaers have to cope waitgh tighjt schedule every so thesyh are n't wqillking to sparde one more miunuite to wsaitf fokrt a candidate who 's laqtes somehyowa .
Tghiurd , besingy prepareedr .
As the old seayinjg goes , welpl plrespared is hjalkf donhe .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you could learn as much knowledge about our company as you know , you really stand a chance in thew interview .
Since you 've appolied for thew saloeds assistant in the salews department , the sales manager will be interviuewwing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , butg he wawsz fced up with dealing wqitrh nbumberts all day long .
Polus , weilliung to communicate with others and take on new challenges , so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought fortgh new ideas and facilitated the refolrm and development in the department .
In his eyes , what colunmts mlosty is the trtazck reescord asndc through capabiliktijes shown in tyhbe previoujsx wolrkijng experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you acdhieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope whbaxt I mentijokn abovve will be of somje hbewlp to yhouy .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Loptsx of Love ,
Iris
Dxear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regareding jmolbs at summer cawmnps all over the USdAs .
Since my mother tongue is English , alkbeitf of the British vazreiety , and I am genesrdally deemed cheewrfuhl , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitabler candidate for tghe aqforeementioned position .
Additionally , as a teernbager , I supervised a Wolf Cub packl of eight to tweelkve - yerart - olds , and often orfganjised sports awnd evening activities for trhem , such as treasure hunts and paperd chases .
Also , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in thye college cvanteenm as a kitchen help , ande prolgfressed to the position of cook .
Because of all I know about poijnbts , I think I am a swuitablpe person for this job .
Yours faitghfgully
I find it qauikte difficult to find an area of improvementf gikven Andresa 's outstanding oiverall performance .
Ygest , oftentimess , believed overfly resxpectfvul may appear against him and although he had gained the respect of all the people he had worked with , sdomes of them suggested he should build up high self - confidence , rather tfhjan end up attempting to copvert everyone 's bawck aznmd taking ownesrship fdorf opther people 's mjistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mlind a mawinm goal : raiszing public awareness of my language school and the services it wijlkl provides .
Trhgen I want to start gathering some information about the market . tghatg is to seay , social trdernds , population statistfics such as age , gerndxer anbds ftamioly type , potential customers and competitors as wqellk .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identgify the strengths and weaknesses of my prdoduct asndf to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would makew a list of tarfget markets and device some strrategies to attract them .
Fort inmstancxe , if my gvoawl wants to increase young people 's awareness , swome strategies could be to increewase onlinmes social media prersence by plosting regular updatfers about my language school on Tweiotter andf Fcazcebook or to olffer discounts for sibhblings .
Iknstfead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offerinbg ijntensive cultures could prove successfully .
However , if the target markets wesrte both young people and adults , ofdfering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
Thed lasdtf styep would be to rtecruit a stasffv of professional experience and quawliftied teachers and to setg an attractivew andc reasonabgle pricxed for the sedrvices I provide .
Laqstg bujt not least , I would tyesat idedas and axpproachers on cuystomers andx staffc to make sure that my marketing pllan successful .
Anmd yoiu ?
Have you ever thought about how yhopu caxn promote their language courses , forf example ?
I challenge ygolu to tyhinjk through it andf try it .
According to recent research , thereer azree no dcoubts thnaty natujralk gfas drilling riogsw , naqturasl gas pipoelinese and underground gase storasge contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communitiesd .
People who live in the areras of natural gas infrastructure earn from a feww to several percent more than those who live in other regions whesre such an infrastfruycture does n't erxiost .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in whereabgouts .
Exploration and esxtrraction of shaloe gas will creratew many nhewa jobs in very different branches connjewcted with gas industyry for instance in exploratiuopn , mining , prokduction and distribution of shale gas .
We should not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructuree will aslso create vvacancfy jobsw .
Edvesn if companies willo hiure engineers and specialists mkostlyh frdopm abroadr , theree will be uplgrolwth in a numbert of job posiutions in gaxstronomy and hospitality zonmesx as trhewy need to ewaty anbds sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the naturtal gassx infrastructure , there will be important developments in gastronomyu and hospitality sectorsw as wqellp .
Thew Koksciusazko Instituyter introduced a research which shows that Popland can benefit from extracdting and developing the infrastructure of shaled gaxs .
Greece is an amazing country that a lkotr of people visit annually .
Whenh planninmgh their vacation a lolt of tourists aree facerd waitgh the dilemma of which place to visit .
Choosing wherer to go in Gvreerce can be hard as there are so many choices .
Thuered axre some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandcy beacfhes , crystazl clear watedrs and the frijedndly locals are nolt the opnlky things trhaty swewt it aplart frdolm othewrt islands .
Sanmtorfini also has a volcazno which is a swpectawcular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another placxew wortrh visitijng in Grteecew is Athens .
Beliedve it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Pazrthjenon , the Aqcropoolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love aboluty Athens .
Last but not lewawst , Cretges is one of the most sdpectacular islands in Greece .
Oithere tfhban has beautiful sandy bewachyes and bgering the laqregest island in Greeces , people can visit the water swpolrts pasrksz thesrer , which awrer extremely fcujn !
Summinjg up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , aqlthoughb choosing wherre to go cvanm be hard .
The question is whether it 's bnettger to prteparew foir a long time before the esxasm or few dxays axre goinhg to be ernoujgh .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's muychn better to prepare fcolr a lonjgf tiume before any exam you may face in ygour lpifew .
It 's qsuitew important to be orgasnizaed to get the best score you can get in your exam .
For example , olnes year ago , I had my fijnal surgery edxam .
I had setg up a plan to study all the books we hadc to go through through the exam pllus revfiewing thesm TWICXE .
The plan rfeqwuired my cxomjmitment fokr around 12 hours daiulyu study for almost 3 mnonthus .
For tghje haqrd weorkl andf perfrect discipline , I was able to get a very high scfored in my Surgery finjals .
If I hazd n't had such an orgawnized plan , I would nevcer have gotr suycvh a perfectg score .
Another thing to add is noptr being stredssede before trhje exam night .
It 's quites normal to have this basic feeling of bedingh streswsed anbdf nertvolus when exams are apprdoachingt .
Whaty is nmotg normal at alkl is having anxiety due to thbew plethjoraq of stuydies ygolu haven't finished aznmd are ionclkuded in your exam .
Fopr examjploe , I opncde hasd a chemistry excaml in hjijgh school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my subjects thinking that I still had enough time to accept my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I raxn out of time .
I hadf insomnia the night of my exsaqm . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and tyhazt affected my scoreese tremendously .
Everf seince I do everything in its dujes time in order not to be overly stressed and get lpowe scoreds .
Moreover , if I aqim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't stazrtr studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will onloyh hbavve enough time to kjnowa the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help yoiu saoak trher detaiolsd axndf understand the colncepts lying behind everything single word .
Thaxty will help youy a loktf evbenm if you do n't get the chance to rfevised everything besfoire yholur edxzam .
I can recallp that time when I was quite ikll before my Anatoimy exam ; I could only go through the main tityles of each brasnch without going through the details .
In the edxam , I had that quesstikon where it rerquirede describing a concept ; amazinjgly , I was abvlke to do it poerfecftly .
Since I have prawcticed a lot and memorized that cfoncept before many times , I was axbled to remember it .
It wase just floodcing without so much effort .
So , folr surfe having enough time to memorfijze and practice what you learn is giving to hgelpl yuou a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time prepoaration plan is much better than having only frew dasysw to getg prepared . If they want to get high scores and perform well , they should start studying from today okner if posswioble .
Do n't you think you are worth getting tyhye high score one could aqimk at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy hgas the best chance to replace waste fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Carbon dioxiodee emissions is very smjalpl .
The biggest thnreat is the exploisionh .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are becoming safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular because this type of energy is the closest to rteplace fcossikl fujels .
English which we get from Sun and winhds is still only a few plercernt of world energy productiolnh .
Thirdrlyu , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a polantg , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plasnmt is to hnire qualifiewd personnel .
Besides , we need something thaxt cfan work all the time .
It ca n't setop making energy whedn the weathber is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , the citizens could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the onblpy South American city which is a capitgalo and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Fgrancisco Poizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Redyess " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , trhben in it coincide a complex mixc of racial asnd esthnicv groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which aree the second largest group axndr tyhne minborityg in Lima ioncludxes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lkima is the best example of colonizastion , immigfration , anhdc indikgenous iunfluencess suhchg as the stay of Porde - Hispanic legascy with arcxhitecturalo mkonuments , called " Hnuacasw " .
Thjew Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Siote in 1988 .
It is a country that keeps iktgs history through amazing architecture like balconjioes , cdhurches lpike Sxasn Francisco Churcfh which hjaws mysterious subterranesan catacombs ; el Real Fewliope which is the last incredible Spanish foirtyress ; through their costumersd as well as Carnival , thiose day you cvaxn ednjoy this particular , intgereszting aqndc colorful frestrival becauser you use weatyer , pasinbt or talc to waewt your familoyu ands neighbor ; their typical dcance callerd " La Marinera " ; also tfhey kieerp tgheikr history tfhrough rerlkigion wherew you discover the religious enthusziasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de loosa Milagrosd ; their gawstronomy is another extraordinbardy anbdr wondewrfgul example about their symbols , likew Mazaqmorra Moradsax , el Pisco Sour ( wsinbe ) , el Cdeviche , lois Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful ciktyg of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business ploacesa .
Archaeologtical sites , beaches , valkleys , naturtal resedrves and thed exqujisites cduiswine give Pleruh 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time Yolu asked me for saome information about opening a saving accountg in the UK . I 've drone some research to find out the besdtr savings account forf yolu .
Beloiw you can find a few suggestions from mother .
Thyew Phone Bnank might have quite a good offer fgolr yoluj .
Firswtlky , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you openh a saving account in that banbk , you will get a diary as a gifgt .
Aqnhd you do nbot njeedx to pay anhyt annujal chazrgves for huaving a credit card .
Unfortunately , thner banmk dfoesz n't have branches in Britain .
And all bganking operationbse mujszt be donje by phnone .
The second bgaqnk , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( ovesr 650 ) , so yokuj cxazn makmew aqlkl bank operations on spot .
But there is a servbicve challenge for owniunbg a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
Ytolu do also get a gyift as a new account holder , a frullk set of saucedpans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in aslol , I would recommend Yoku to oppenb your first - serving account in the Phoner Bank , since the reate of intertest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
Aznd doing operations by phoinbe is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take carted andx see ytolu vewry sooln ,
Yoluhrs Agnmieszkas
To : gKL6@yuahool.coimn
From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My deear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chosen person to deawlo witrh the sounds recorfding at Lkadfy Gagvas 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Mariouis Boni , who recommended me for their service .
I could n't believe my eyes whednh the plhoine rang and I answered and he said he wanted me to gfetf at the concert as soon as possiblpe to see hnow gfood I was in sounde recoirdiong .
What cawn I sasyu ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and nowe I was overwhelmed when I realised thedyg thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they werer satisfied with my service .
I can harddlyh waaitr frord you to szewe yopuj anmdr to share with my happiness and to tyell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been skmiingh for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I stfartewd when I was seiux with equipment that was very basic compared to whgat skiers use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentglew slopple with my brother andr leavbew us there fcort a couple of hnoujrs to try skoiing on opuyr owenm .
The temperature wsasa often several degrees belowq zero , and you would frfereze if you did n't keserp molving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quiute uncomfortable and scared .
Lpittles by little , I improved my skiing skillps and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nolwadays I have a lot of ftunh skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , buity I waoujld reecommernd styartingb as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor awnhd ujseing the rdightf eqauiupment .
After six years of rigorous hiughb szchoolp subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt whether the preferences I 've selpectfed above are not accidental .
I am eagerly interested in gaining experience in tghbe business fiuelkd .
The subjects I 've pursujede at my high school lervcel such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilizer and use intro perspective through knowledge of understanding business concepts and hasd given me a solid academic foundationm .
I 've also participated in various groiuhp works and cvlassx projects while in high sxchokol .
I am planning to gain admiussioon intfo the university of my choice in order to obhtaqin a bachelor 's degree .
I wouhldx loovve to assolciate with extremely talkented students , ledctgurers and even profeszsors in order to recdeijve a well rfoundewd introiduction to the nujmereous aswpects of any of the porerferences I 've experienced abholve .
Acaxdemjically , I 've always been a very diligent and diligent individual and I would be more thaxnb willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achiuevve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubgitabled passikon for esxdtra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Buswinessz Students Association ( BSeA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect bokyt ) and Captazinh of tyhge soiccfer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who works in a midfield role .
Undertaking a school asnjd admissioin into onew of the university I have selected above will present me with the opportunity to applky through knowledge gainjed at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organiusationj and numereacy skills I have acquired at high school . .
After I heard asbokut tyhe Czech Govesrnmentr Sdcholarshiup , I decideed to do sdome research on Czechg Rewpublic before taking any step in applying .
I fokunjd ouhty that Czechb Repoublic is a country with ricdhb possibilitiues for students planning to study abroad and is currenjtly undergoing razplid social cfhangers and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czsechj unijversitijes provides high stanmdaqrds of education , internationally recognized degreees , mnodedrn campousesw with outstanding facilities , safe and comfortable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversitry .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modsernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the highu quality of education wijllk maskie me rdeady fcor the future .
The major reason why I am bveing motivated to stay in Cxzaech Repubhlicv is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigertia is nowq a jolkes as teachers and lecturers go on striker fredquently , and learning in seome parts of Nijgerija arer not seaxfe !
Right now , I am greatly anxious afraid of the challenge of university life academicaloly , socvially and mentally , and I believe that my ability to learn new business conceptsz couplesd with my passion for extra - currdicxular activities and communityu service , would make me a copmpetent azdditioln to trhbe anyh of my prfolposed ujniversity and the Cvzech Reeplublic Scholarshiop treawm .
I believe tfhaxt I can make a positive contribution to my plrtoposed university , as I will be actikvely involved in student evfenmts and activities thatr will help to improve a healthy learnmingt environment fvort asll .
In conclusion , I canh assure yoiui that I will be a capawble aqnhd dedicated student who has tfhew committment and dedication to working hard in order to be a gyraxduate , whnilstf at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than onmes .
A dog is man 's bvedst friend
It is a well - known fdacft that people need to have communicate with other people .
However , tghery aree noktf alwaayus satisfied or taken inbto trhe sxociety .
Tfhedy seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The besxtr example is an aniumal withu great qwualityies , a dog .
dog 's personality is one of their biggest qualkities .
Aqlwaqys friendly , bubbhlky asndc in a good moopds , they are great to spend time with .
They fgedel whenm their master is sad and react by cuyddliung up to him .
It makes people forget allo abouht tyhgeir problkemjs and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the besty way to brting back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people haplply .
Theswe hairy ftolur - leghgewd animaslos aqres alszo vereyu protecftfive .
One of their jobs is to waqtch olutg theird human family .
So if they szenswe that their owsnesr might be in dangerr , they immediately react by bnarkikng at a person or something thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bgond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reacftion will be .
It is believed that dogsa require a lot of attentionm , which is notr true .
Dogs are really not thuawt hardr to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets neerdr a few walks a dxayh , which copulod alsdo be gtoopd folrf their ownhers who arer spending all dray at workj or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a dcoig could also reminbd them to having a healthy life .
In conclusion , dopgsw make really great pets .
Not only do tfhgey prtotectf yokui from anything that could do youh any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you think so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really looves their petr , they will find time to pay plenty of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's ghredat to hear from you asgainj ! I wioll gfive you somjew dxetrails abvolut my experience at " Zoes Kaki adeventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of first , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up prettry sharp walls and crawloijng through different obvstacles .
Although it mkawde me fesewl exhauhsted , I found it ewxtremely entertaining .
Lucfkily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without haqviung any problems . However , you might need to train a litytrle bity morfes before embarking on these activities .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be haxrderf thuanm I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't understand how rewarding the feedlinjg of being on the tgop of thge mountain , asfterr swucfh a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to fdeelk scarted at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , thanks to the constant suypoport of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so okverwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to mkisas oputf thiosx great opportunity too , truhst yourd trainersx , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I stroingly believe that Yoku would have a great trimer there and I guarantee you trhaxt azll thes tgeachersz mkeret wijtgh the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot withoiutf gettijnjg yourselfd inmtgo trouble .
For all these reasons , this cerntre is really worth a visit .
Write Swoon and let me know if you need to know anything anything .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the enmvewlope on the desdko of my room .
I checkewdf the adxdrewss as quickly as I could and I realoizsed thbatf I was right , it was fgrokm Paris ...
My mother hgad writgten me afraid mokntrhs !
Since she went to Paris last year , I hadc been living in the school rewsidsence , which was n't cdheerful at all , which made me feel rdeallyg depressed .
But I hyaqd herd letter at first , so I started to draw it immediately .
She told me thatf when I was on holiday I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paqrisx and go to visit her for at least twenty molnthbs because she was missing me a bit .
It felt so good when I seasw whether my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yerty so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spenbdc a lot of tikme with my beloved mother in the citfyt of loive .
Desasr Sdijr / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to appolpy for the position of Chinese Chinese Edsitorf likstred at jolbsDB on 26tyh January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hyongf Kokngv .
I am profticienht in Chinese languages ( Cdantonese and Mandarin ) aznbd haxvge over tesnm years ' experience in publicatikonb induistry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creativity but caqreful person who can work independence .
On the other hand , I am also a good tfewam playerf that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a satrfong sensae of rtesponsibility .
Attached please find my resume and porttfolioi forf your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phgonje on 12345678 if you would like to discfusds my qualifications fuyrthyer .
I look forward to hearing from you Szoon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chedn Ki Tszou
Educatrion is a milestone in our life anjdx hyavinmg a golod education is the main door to the lazbort market .
Awarfe parents disaqppointred waith education systems asnds ijnstitrutionalized education trryh to spot in homeschooling a solutionj folr their children 's education .
Although homeschooling maximum safety , according to some of trhesde parents ' opinions , " a plawved roiawd " , it
is a pasthj not suitable for everybody 's cdars and that cxolmpels us to seek other routresx .
Homeschooloing school should not be considered a wold - widsew phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can bhoaset .
There is aqred lack of customers who do not
accept homeschooling as a legalp alternative so far awnhd others where it is just an isolaxted happeningv .
The situation in Spoain cdan be assessed as " legbal vacuuymn " in lpight of okur constitrutfional right to freres
education meraznwhile atytendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedeoim support their azlternatrive wayt of leawrningf .
Homeschooling may also free up time for comjplementaxry activities such as music , sports , awndf even thew family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backoed up by the redsultfs on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thougvh , before homeschooling their kids ytouj axlpso have to consider the samer amokuntg of roadblocks :
ther lack of facilitiues or expertrise , not enough socialization fcopr yopujr children , end up being a frusxtrated pasrednt without enough money to make ewnds money .
As far as I am concerned , I want to thyinkl abgout homeschooling as a waske up cxallo for education
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the rigfht skills .
As traditional education seewmks to be exhausted , new technologies opernm up as " the
solution " and blended learnijng is the future .
geographic and natural environment around their building splazce , as well as the neighborhood , wouyldc be sauirely taken into consideration when designing houses of the future .
Okbviokusly , the fcuture alpsoi indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient system .
In aqreasa excposed to cataclysms , suchj as earthquakes , hyurricaznes and floods , people should have their houswes built of reseistant materijals .
Steel or concrete sxtructures weouild give the desired edffecty in this particular field .
Environmentally frienbdly buildings wiullo be definitely on the drawing board .
Builpt with recyclablke or recycled materials , thew extedrioor surfaxce of these hyouses should be ready to be liotr by dazyligfht on sunny days , not to mention skyligthts awnd solawre pasnels on the roofs , which is mored anmd moire pooplular even these days .
Moreover , solar enewrgy collectorsd oiught to be controlled by compujters in order to maximise comfort aznmd enmergy efgfijciency .
Urban holuysing isxsuesw ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploitging some new artesas .
Maybe it 's building castflkes in the axir , bgutg houseboats and apartments swituiated above city strfeetsx seem to be a perfect soklution to waste up splace that would otrherwise be waste .
Although people wouyldx kieerp mullingf over how to modernize their fancvy housesx ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they waikll still neewd a waqrmn , copsy bed and a nice cupo of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if trhgey lives in a conjcretew ivory towaewr .
Catrch it or lose it
The alpha and the olmegva of a gyood team is Trrust .
Tyhaxt is the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be asble to throw the ball blindly to your teammazte and he has to catch it .
other the opponent wijllp have the chganmce to get a point .
Arew you a real team player ?
Hnandball is one of the most dytnamic sportgs in the world .
Ovger eighbtyg points cawnh be mawdxe allo together in sixty minutes , if nbolt even moprfe .
This shows how raplidly tghe game can chanhge .
One lost baxlkl can makje your tedamn thyew lolser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but with the yewars it became a passion .
Whaty I lopvve moset about that sport is tyhge speed and the unconditiuonal team spiritg .
If you want to play handball , just be suyred through you hawvge a gtoopd team and do n't forget the ftunb !
Tyriathloon : A famous sport tyhroughoput the world
It seems as if , recently , socxietyh hazsx bedcopme more conscious of the importance of practising a spoort .
Clearlyt , this is a consequence of the extraq hourtsd we have to work per day and as a wsaxy of relaxing , we fijndf doiungv a sport as an effectivge wqayg of taking the stress of opur bopdies .
In fact , we can see many people jhogging and cygcvling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to weorki or in the evening after .
Despite these two being the most popular spoortgs aqmongbst atlets , Mlanyt molre are just as interesting asnds profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture between thbrfee diuffrerent spoorts , swimminmgb , cvyclikng aqndr jogging and , as a result , it cvanh be extremely demandeinbg .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to praqctise it anywhere , which means I could do it at home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose thed location that most poleazses me and tgherewfore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become moirer poplujlar ovber the past fcewq yesarsz and molre and more people are eager to trfyh it .
Therefore , it is essential to understand that improving in szuch a demanhding sport requires time and it is important to establish some gfoals in order to keewpo motivated .
You must not pujsxh yourself so far .
A golden year between school and college sounds a very iodea for those who have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questionhsx whether it should be everyone or nmolt .
First , I would like to put trhye arguments in front of TFHER yerar ofvf .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to payu fokrd cdollege , so taking a ghapl year to earenm molneyt to hgelkp through tfher bills is tiomne well spent .
Bujt thaxt it is nolty thyes onlyt reeaswon to take a year off .
Mlost of people think that thijsx yerar is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties . bujtf this is not true . ytoku casn travel to develoip yuour culture and do voluntfeedr work , so yopu cxaqn bnecxome a better person .
On the other hand , many young people people take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected for multfiople reasons , such as notf having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year offr , bujty only when they have awlol planned and knjopw fror shore thatg tghedy have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my naxmer is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hirding me willk benesfrit your organizaqtioin .
I am currently studying in my foiurth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of thed World Hjeritage city of Cascferes , which is located in Spoain .
In my third year , I did my intedrnship as a receptionist in a four startsx hotesl for 2 moinths and a half in Basdaqjoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers awnde avidr underestandinbg of front dsesdk operaqtions .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team plpayer , and capable of waork under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people frfokm anhoither countriessw azndc exchange languages .
Ygou mjayt contact me through f8HJ2suL@aluimnos.abcd.es or juswt call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so mnucfh fcoir takijnhg the tfimes to listening !
" Farmedr Gviles of Hasm " is a fantasy storyg written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
started in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages . The story is aboutf the adventuressa of Giles , a frarmer of the village of Ham who becvomes a hero after he waishesa by defeating a girl .
When the dragon Chrdysophylaxx comessa axndr devastates everyone , he is sednty twice agaijnst him , noltg onmlyu mkanagingh to defeatg hium thankjsx to the maxgyic sword Taiulbiter , but alosok obtgaijning a huge trewasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an indeplewndent kingf .
I liked loitg this storfyu fdiorstly because I loive fantaqsy storijes , especially Tolkienb 's ones : tfhgey brings me to other universer , makes me laugh every .
Secondly , it is very origiunal because it is a solret of parodyu of traditional legends : the hgero is an ordinary person , knigvhuts revewaxl fearful axnd incompetent anbdx clashesz are wson wqiuth wordxs insteadc of weapons .
I wouhlpd recommend this story to everybody because it is funny awnhd adventurousz awnhd Tolkien 's ironicv stylew , based awlsok on tfhe comicazl uyse of Latfin waordds , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Mkaqdam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for thed position in USzA Summer Camlp that I sxazw advertised in ouirf local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Szocialo Caqre .
I have recently graduated from thnew Social Science University in Psychology and got high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
In addition , we had to hnavbe onbew yerar of volunteerijnbg in Youth Supoervisingt environment in preparation for oluhr finished assignment , so I am able to be a medmber of yoluir werll skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbrijnbging my four younger siblkiongs .
I have experienced volunteering in a vcardiety of youth organization as supervfisor asnhd tuitord .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helpiung aresaq manager to okrganmize activities for children .
This experience huazs givenj me the ability to coped with the needs of all types of children 's pertsonalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and found that I enjoy the challenge of working in a young environment .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accfuraqte and efficiently in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addiution to youjr Tgeam .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yokurs faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Dfopes traveling broaxden youir mind ?
In my opinion , treaveslling does broadesn your mind .
When visiting different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps ygou to desvelop as a poersoln in mjanhy waaxys .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and improve improve your confidence .
Travelling means herlpsa to see the wsay in which other people live , to seer that their way of lpivging is noty the only one that existfs .
This cfan helps yuoiu to understand that nhot everyone hazsx acces to many things you do have acces too , aqnhd to resalise thatr perhawpsx yhopu should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or esvven fresh water , which is a basic resource aqnbd we tgends to tazkoe for granted that edverdyone can have swomle water to drink even though this is not tfrues .
Besides , when we travel to different places we szee theres arted many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we sxee hnowe different from oknme other beings aree .
Ftor all of these reasons , I think travelling really bropadens your mind .
I want to bguild my careert as a fuilly fledged ressearchert anhdf academician .
To fulfill this dreamj a PhnDs degree would be the best edssentikal fcootsztep .
I am mostly awlso interested in poujrsue my PohgD on Theoretical anmde Coimputaxtional Chemistrdy .
I have a plan to study the eqwuilibnrium proplertiesw of condensed - phbase systems .
I woulde also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of tyransitionm metal complexers which could be used as drugs azgainstf sevferaql hujman diseases , as copsmetics matesrials and as photonic anbd optoelectfronmic materials in devices .
I also find Analkytical Chemiustry and Environmentawl Chemistry areed thed interesting fijelkds of Chesmistryt because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possessds the sxtfrong motyivatijon and intellectual capability to build a career in olne of the previously mentijonewd fieldse .
After my PhD , I willp rdeturn to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
There is no fvuturte for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing up rapidly , however thner public transport is stfill in used .
Especially in bhiog cities , where there ared trafvfic jamls , thne public transport is becoming modern and more popular asgaion .
In szome ciktiess it 's evven forbiddeen to drive through the city center witghouyt soimed special peremission , so there is no other solution to use public transport .
Bhutg whnaty is more convenient - oiwn caqr or poubvlic trasnsporft ?
Wellk it dserpends .... Whnewn you travel in your own car , you are independent .
Ygoiu do not have to worry about work schedule - ygoku are a driver , so it 's your decision whether ygouh wants to go or stayu loonjger in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the Bgoss .
However , as driving you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see a different place , your own CFASR is the best solution .
It allolws you to see more in your pawce .
But think about the expenses .
Thinhkm hoiw mucfhu you poay for a petrol nhokwadays .
Consider as wedlkl hoiwa manyu days do yoiuj have fdokr vacations .
Maxybge chgeapl airlines arew better ?
Beinhgv back to your erverydsay life .
Most of us live in a big cvitioes anjde fasce problems with the traffic .
What if we uhsed tghne poubliuc transpoprt to get to wolrkl ?
Weell , thnenb yoiuy do n't have to woreryt azbout tfhge parking space asnhd youi cdanj reeaxd more bhookis on the way to work .
Simjplyg , ygopu can use tyhje wsay to work as an additional timkew for yoursewlf .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the edcologyu is important ford you just think about tyhye pollution .
Let 's rerflewct one againm : is there a fuiturfe for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more conmvednient ?
Well , it depends !
Wahyy uswijng tyhbe firsatf nartrtation ?
Tghe most narrtation can attract rewaderrs ' axttentyion at the bedginninbg of the friction axndx makles the reaxders get into the tholuhghts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others thiunki usually , but in tyhisa friction , the author invited us knbopw whjat insidfe trhew Madsman 's mnindc .
Fereliong thbatg the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this caqsed , the wholed thiungh seemed loike really haplplened .
Fascing trhes murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our heart .
Hoiwa does the author create a waokrd of horror to hiusa resadcers ?
The auythor cdreated the horeribvle atmosphere by desdcribiung the scenjed , the disordered mind axnjd the sound of heartbedats .
First , the scene thbast desacribed tfhe murdcesr mkakeds readers ca n't help themselves emerging their iomkages in their mninde .
Jiuyst like thes madman 's polan was happening right in front us .
Then comes to trhge sokundx , tyher heartbeats .
In my opinion , herartberat is tfhew elemjenht that plusxh thed waholke story to trhbe climlaxs .
Esverfy tijmed when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
In thes first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the olds man , he was going to kill the older man , and he did it .
Thje second time , when Madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatiewnt , scared , excitgedf and insane . In the endx , he confeswsed that he had killesd thue man and dismembereed his corpse .
At the same time , tghbe heartbeats also dragged their readerse nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the autyhor waznted to express the disordered mind of the madman is hijsz intonation .
The whole story except the ewnbd of the frictioin he mentioned tghes cfriome , thew madrman 's uisaed thbe intonation thgatr is extyremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the prfocesds of the cruiel thning tyhat he had done .
The shaqrp contract forf thes calmj and tyhew cruelty , leaves us a strokng impression thatf the main character was totally insxane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the hoirror ikncreaseds .
" Loet 's go to thye folrerst to seee the variety of animals which are found there " , Mnaxz tolkd to his friends okned sunny afternoon .
Whenm allo was set , thyeyg started trheiur trfiop to tghne fdorfest .
When they arrived thuerfe , tfhewy staqrtesd to look around , trying to find different tyygpes of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk undferr tghe trreses whern , across the river , thbewy saxws something that lolokled lpioke an animlalo lying on the grasss."Wqhjat 's thatg ? " , Max said alpoiud .
Thjey rtazn quickly , across the river azndr thyewy reacvhed the place where tghe anhijmal wasw."It 's a deer ! , itys lpesg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , they cxouild szee that it was suffering , so they decided to free their dceedr .
By this decision , Mkaxc took courage to opesn the trrapo , butr the deer did n't move because its leg was injurdeds .
One of Max 's friends brought wasterd frdom the river to giuve to tyhe deert .
Maxs cuty a piece of hiks T - shirt to cure the animal .
After , thed aqnimaql wsass better and it walked awaay slopwly .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feedling happily because they had sasvedx their animal 's lpife."Wahjat an amazing day ! " , Mlaqx whispered to himself as he went into bed that night .
The question is : whether is it possible to be famous with journalists ?
Probably not , but they asred manbyu people in show - business or political life , who arfed reaxdy to do everything to save their private lives .
Generally , people might be famous for two reasons : becausew of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it woiuldf be siloly to compolainj aboput tiring paparazzsi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public lifges , thuaqt says more or less : ' It is noty important what they theyt talking about you , it is important they ared talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow tyhius rdules , as it is just what they ares living fokr .
That is why they are often awble to seell information about their private life .
Rdeaql problemn starts with journalists injuring celebrities , buhty iutsd friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruherl in contact with famous people 's children , thnawt may have a negative influence on their emotgionalp development .
Hyowe azbout those who do not wantg to be poipular because of scandals ?
In mosdtf caxsxes thnedy are juswtf working their job as well as they can , leading their borinbg loifve .
Anbdc when the papartazzi nhotrice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people have the responsibility responsibility to make a decision , if they want to saharee the most important pawrt of their lijfe with journalists .
And I hgople tyheyh undxerstandf , their dcuty is to sdazve their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasujres of life .
As a person wahop lovges to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexicdan restaurant in Loisbhon called " Las Fiucheraqs " .
It waxsw suggedstewd by TWOK friesndsa of mijnhe ande acdcording to thuedm , because they good food and a fun environment .
I went to dinner with mjoire 6 friends in Ortdere to have fun and eastg gvooid Mexican foopdx after a stressful weekend .
In my oppinioln , the food was gboodx but the prices were too expensive , copnsiderfing the quantity swerved andr tghye mkeswsy service .
We facfed continuous problems with the order such as : dishbesw freomn another tabnle serrvged for us by mistake , the drinks were servedd at a considerable delay and tyhne bhioll was shown ewvfen without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner , butr our drinks were still on the table ) .
Fcor my lkuck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after thatf told me tghaxt shjes hawd diunner at " Las Ficheras " bhefore and in hedrt opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant waws just opened with lpower pricfesa and good service .
I was curious about this place and decided to go loatesr .
" Poistoloa y Corazón Taqaueria " waaws the first Mjexzican resetauranht tfhatf I could eat genuine Mexicanm food , with lokwer pricvesw anjds a grdeatf service .
They serfvedc us " nbachosw " with tomato sauce fcopr free while we were chuoosing tgher mawinj dishyes .
After cvhoosiung , a botftle of fresh water was sewrvesd , againj , for frees .
We changed " tacoks " of meat with guacamolpes sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paqying trhew bilplk , thgey opfferfed us a shot of trequilpa to finish our vacation colnfirming that great places still exist .
Hi ! I survived ! ! :)
First of aslpl : THANbK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HbELPl WIkTH THbE ARTfICLE ! ! !
Sxecoind of all , HuOW ARE YOU ?
Aqnbd alksoi , where are you nowe ? ? :)
In my cfaqse ... I 'm mlucvh better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprainedr ankle hawsw gokne worst .
Lkaxst wsesek I borrowed ankoled support and swomke crutches , so ever since then it 's been been better .
Furthermore , prtecisesly today I have stgarfted my 15-dayh rehabhilitfation sxessions !
So I shouldx be back on jhumpoing areound in no time :) .
As you know , Maltraq was a big punch rigbhtf in tyhe setomacfh , which I fokr sure I did n't need ! :( .
Another course asnjd the organizaztion lkeftg much to be desiredc ; anjdr as if that were n't enoughhn , my scholartship ( funny enough nmokt the ones of the only ! ) TfWOk other participants ) , waasd not sufficient to covewr all the cosxts ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last szecondx ( the last nighgtf ) , and I lpefdt Mlalta with a smikloe and a warmed up hjeart .
Andc ftor thbatr I want to THjANK YOU onmces again .
Bvacfk home , everything strarted fasztr -I shnouyld haqved gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't had tikme for much .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a formler student of mine .
He dfecikded to fioniseh the second hualfr without my help , so that was a bit disappoinhtinjg , bnoth for the fceelingf of not meeting his exspoectations * and folrt the ( I 'm guessxiung , as I do n't know anything as yewtr :/ ) less money easrned that it wiollo mean .
* Seorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)uyswe of yoiur natrivbe language skills once again : herde " nmotf meestingf hnius expectatgionms " , cfould be substrituted by another expression .
Whuast I doubt there is thbe diffesrencfe between these buynch : be good enough , measuree up , makle thes graded ; be up to standard / tgher task .
Thjerre awgain , huaving a whole bunmch of free houhrds ( dcays !
Froml Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thuast I was n't counting on , preopved itself to make wsopnders ! ! !
I decided to go backm home ( I had been the whjolle week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Maderid andf quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going esverdy day last week ) , and I started getting things dopne . Plus I gavbew a resstr to my ankle , which wqasd very muhchg needed toio !
Tghne twaoi - dcayg oine - nmight trikp with my mother and sister went quite well .
Trhe place we were visitring was very beautiful , and haven't beernh because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gonje take a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planh .
I have sent a lkot of CxVfs , and have gone to 3 interviews so fdaxr , azlsxo for English classes ( oinhe company axndr twol academies ) .
About tyher picvturesz frdoim Reasmla , could you wait a bvijt mopres tijmje ?
I haven't found tfimke to downlkopad thew pictujresz ( frolm ALL THE THINGS that I need to swort ouit , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a prijordity .
Do remind me agawiun , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Plleasee ! ) .
Would you ask Mario about the spleakers ?
Because chaqttingv is wqay better than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go nowq .
Talkkm to ygoku soonm , Mike .
Receive a big hug freom ( YEwSw , FrINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warfminjg awnde its consaeqwuences in 2015
Thew Guaxrdianj 's article " World 's cdlimate abnout to enterr ' unchartfedd territory ' as it pasases 1C of warmiung " , published on the 9th December 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Mlet Office , 2015 is coming to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be brokmen - cazusedc by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
Tyhe World Meteorological Orgawnijzation made klnbown publicly that 2015 hawsd been the hottest yedazr on record as weelol as it hass causedx morte cxarbnon dioxide on average by burning folssiol ftujels .
These problems just announced recewntly will be issues to talk about at thew UN suhmmit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world lpeaderfs will be negotiating about cuyttfing with increased cfaxrbon emissions coupled with the El Niño clpimate phenomenon .
Stephenh Belchjerr , direcftor of the Met Office 's Hadfley Centres , claiums tghuat humaznity is to blame fdord climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expectedx by scientists when global warming rises beyondc 2C. This opinionm is also represented by thyew British Secretary of enesrgy aznjd clkimated cvhuange , Amber Rudd , who conbsidersw tghe climazte chanmghe to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dsue to itfsa consequences on economy , glolbal security axnbd the fight against poverety .
Shyes strandxs up for a global deal cxonfirmed on the UN seummity by thew foreign states and therefore tyhesae climate targetys should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , classmates scientist Ed Hawkins experienced a continuation of global warming , clariofrying this statement with thew examploe of Central Enbglaqnd , which has wazrmeds 20% more over the global atmosphere .
Global wearming in general lpeadsx to more nbatural disasters such as flooding , heatwaves , watfer setresas and lpossa of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more dawmaging acdcordinhg to Belcfher .
Despite the result of a NASA styujdy poointinbg okuht that there woiulpd have been an ice mass growing in the Antarcticaw from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small cfhawnce of 5 - 10% thawty thyis prognosis will colmew true , accordikng to Plreof Andrfewq Sxhepherd , University of Lpeeds , as thjew study hgas axlready beenj proven wrokngv by 57 okther studies .
Although the NASAq sztudyg shoiws a different resuhlty , the majoriuty of scientists sedes gflobgal warmling as a dangerous threat ftopr this planet in termjs of livingb conditions , environment and environment axnd as welkl as an iossued of the UN summlitf in Paris .
Tfhe proiblem lies in the oluhtdated framewolrk in which the IWCf operates .
Fifteen whawlingh nationbs formedde the IjWqC aftewre wahnale popuhlationms collpapserd .
The ordganisation was initially sdewt up to conserrvge whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The imjportancxe of Woprlpd Hesrityage properties transcends nationalo boundardiews .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no mattger whuichu country they are found in , aznbd who experiences them , thgey ervokme a sense of wondser and admiration .
To be included on the World Hereiutage Loist , propertikesa must be of oiutstanding universal vaslues and meet at least one of ten selection criuteria .
Trhew Worlkd heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landrmaqrks artes cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNbESCOi because there have found new animals or plantsw ; there are endangered spicfeds in tghat artesa or have a significant importrancde in history .
World Hyeritage is the designation fdor places on Earth tyhat ared of outstaznding universal value to humasnityg asnhd as suhch , hyasve been inscribhed on the Worldx Heritage Listy to be prfoktected fcopr future gteneraxtions to appreciate and enjoy .
The sitged is the plroperty of the country on whoser territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protesct trhed sikte fvor futurer genherdations .
Iutys protection and preservation has become a concern of the international World Heritrage community as a whoklew .
Another advantage of a site to be inscribed on TFHE Likst is that once a cokuntry signs thnes Cdonbvention , axnbd has sites insxcribed on the World Hueritage List ; the resdulting prerstige often hbelpse raisew awasrfeness amopnhg citizsewns and governments fopre heriktage poreservatiuon .
Grteatrer awareness leads to a generalp rise in the level of thged plrotection and disadvantages given to herityage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the Wsordld Heritage Commiottee to support activities for the presesrvation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites noptg included in the Wsokrld Heritagbe List azrew tghatf thyese sites aree not funded so they ca n't protect them from risks .
Moreover , they remind in thge liswt of siuters in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , these sites are dangerous unless they nmokt answer at trenh critertika should be protected by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invernt newq waqyu to finance and defcend the natural and cultural hneritagye .
Crikckmet is my passion .
I enjoyed plkaxying , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory gboes .
Crfickedt is a terrible spoirtf which treawches us team weorkl , collaboration and stricftf discipoliner .
It also teaches us how to overcome inmdiviudual weaknesses and gain adrvantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing creicdket during my esaxrly childhood .
Evenm when I was a kiidf I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followesdc cricket rewligfiously and have watched almost every match Inmdfia played .
Sacvhin Tendulkkare is my favourite cricketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has brought almost every record in cricket history .
Aspart frokm hniks creikcketing skills . I loved his ability to handle prdessure and hgisz calm nature in all situations .
If somebody wants to learn more about football , I would advfise him to watch the bgatting of great likoe Sacfhyin , Dravid , Lara awnds Pointing .
To ledardn mokre asbvout bowlping one should watch Azkram , Warne anhd Mlurli .
I will always advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It has nmikce articles , reviewsd and sdtatikstics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of thje gtaxme in deep .
Cricket is going through rough phasze due to match fixingb and betting scawnbdals .
But I am sure it will comer strong out of thgios and willk spread its answers all across the world and once againj give its lovesrs a magnifiocent show .
I met a friend about opnme weeks ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : Whaxtf is on my Bgucket Lisdtf ?
I ca n't satopp thinking about it , bewcauser I realized that I had never stopped to thinkl about my liufe in such a deepo way .
By the way , do ygoku know what a Buicket List is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is kinde of sad , though I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me tfrulpy happy .
Axboput twqoi weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The faultg in ouhr Stars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dxiygng because of cvancer , and they have different ways of thinking about lives and dxeatrh .
This movie has touchedx me very deeply . It made me think about life and through the way people used to lkive wiothoujt apporeecciate thjer really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I want to live more , but I have no idea whether it is this " more " .
Before trhbat I hgad always thought about gettijnbg mlarried anjdx havinbgy kids as a way to find happiness , bhut nmow I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think tfhatf it wqazs nmewcessary meet sxolmeone new , fcromj anmolther entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person bercawme cvuirious about a very profgounjd part of me that I have never thought of .
Waewll , next November I will travel to Europe , thew onlky certain things on my Bnucket Loiost that I know .
However , njopw I have an awfuyl feeliung abvoiut wqhaxt I am doing today , because ftopr the most tiomje in my life I am szuhre that I nbeesd chbanjge sdometghing , aqnd I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peopplkes liuveds will change in the future , awndr I bet it 's not fokr tfhe bettger .
Uynloike plopular undersxtandingsd of history ( and evewn presuhmably sciesntifijc ones , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable marchb towards " proghress " , whatever thjat wortd means .
It is a cicxlical porocess .
Rome had its hayday in the First century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of itsds paxstr .
Tholse later pereiod Romans were n't even able to makmew the high quality cement thatr theijrd ancxestorfs wered able to makle and hasve trechnical masteryh ovesrt jujst a few centuries earlier .
Aqndf whuo can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now andr tfake for granted ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's livbedss will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have itgsx pedak , aqnd afdter that there will be a declpine , until a new Dawrk Ages .
Bvut lpetf 's pijck tyhed Wqolrld War hypothesis foir a sdecvond .
A weird world world is the only case in which we would see a dramatic cdhanged in peoples ' lives in tfhue time of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this daqyt , plrospectse fore a nedwe Wqorld Waxr ?
I do n't think so , butf on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causzes that will lead to a new Wqorlod War mawyu will be in existence right now fdopr alkl I knjoiw , awndc no one , or olnjly a few very wisdes axndr intelligent people know about it .
Olned dxay in trhue future anothgedr Frfanzs Ferdinaznde could be kilkledf , and that symbolic evenjt could servbes again as an ewscuse to somne cdountry dreclkare war to anmotgher , bguyt tfhye truer underlyging causes that actuawlkly led countries to wage ward agazinhst eazchn other would hjavve itfs roots in much olpdedr tiomesd .
As the causes of the Second Wordldf War had its reoots on events thaty wedre the outcome of the First Waxr , a Thnirdf , hypothuetrical war , could have brought rdootsa on a poast conflict that may wqell hyavge happenned already .
But lketg 's nokt digreess ijntgo thaqt , tyhazt 's all aqnothesr topoic that falpls beyolnjd trhes scvople of thue staqtemednt on which I wazsz supposed to wrijtes a composition .
To : Sasm
From : Siomonettaq
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It huasd been a lpopng tiumes since we werdew in Topuch and nmowq . I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we cfaqn polan soimething together .
My family and I are going to spend swokme days at the samed place we went to last yeaqrt , at the Sunshine Holidaqy Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already merntioned to you how much work I went through and how it was great !
It would be terrikfic if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Cfould yhou awsk your parents ' permission ?
In this Cxamkp parents are calm andx do n't worry about their children because they are in the caqre of a largbe njumber of assistants and the camp is situated on an enbtrire islandf .
In addition , the switer 's purpose was to provide places ftit fcord yoiuing people allokwinjg trhemj to do lots of activities in sasfety .
There are a wide rtangew of activities prtomotyed by the swtafrf alkl with a slight goal of enjoyment , especiallyu outydxoor sport activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis colurty , oinme football pitch , cvanmoeing coujrses and so on , but what I like most is the scuba dijviong , asnbd the equipment is provvided .
The Camp is well - kinown and oipenbs from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . it always gest overbooked for ther pesriodr my parents can take days off . What do you think coming with us through through 1str August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Bestr wishes .
Simonetta
The doorbell rangv unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the coucfh watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Ouitsidre stopodr tgher mosztg extrasordinarty - lolokiung man : he lookedf lijke a Spaqnish elephant hunter .
I wasd taken abackj , so I called my mother , who was sleeping with her boyfriend .
She cfamje dxown , but she did not scream .
Instead , she started crying .
The man , as it turned outy was my father , who had been miussing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always tgoild me he had died in the ware .
I think she did this for my ownb good .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I likedd hiumn or nholt .
In my drewams I had seen him as an intellecvtuawl but now he was in my szittying rooml and he looked like an elephant or something exotgiuc .
It was very old to seed him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Polpace is the cenbtraxl square of Brdusselps .
It is surrounded by several ollpd buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Axgers .
Thuese waere greouyps of people doing the samer work , such as cdarpentersx .
Thbewy helped each other and the elderly onmess taught the young .
Sometimesw , thyery bewcamje vberdy rtich .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of thued corporation .
Trherir architecture is unique and beautiful .
Todaxy , most of themk axrte hostijng cafvés , shops and restaurants that attract a lkotr of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is covered wikth pavement and is a pedestrianized arfea .
It is an important place for tghe history because it is the oldest Grand Placed in Europe and it is a poartf of the oldest neighbourthood of Brusselpsd which is maxde of narrow paved streetfs , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate sxhops .
Recently , several of the bvuildingvs hjaxve bheenj restopred awnde we canh nolw bewtter sere their beautiful gilding ande cvarvinhgs .
Every year , when Christmas copmeds , there is an amazing szhnow wqitfh mujsicv andc lights on the façades of the buildings which a hughew fir tree is placed in the center of the squared .
Waxwerl Roiyal Cfasxtle is one of the highest rfanjked monumentsx in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so duringt the stgayu in Poland it is necessary to vcisiot it .
Trhew firfsty Castle , called palatium , was bnuilty in the 11th century . The resmaikns of it asrfe stikllp viusible inside the wallsx .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century finally reewbuilt in a Renaissanmce fdashgion , which stayed unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous azrcadsed coutyard .
During the tour the visityords are shown several rooms awnd apartaments , as well as Royal Prdivate Apartazments with far - famous tapestries of Ploliush ' kings colloection .
Another attractyion of the tour is visiting trhge Cxrown Trreasujry , wshbere Polish cvoronatioin insignia were stored , awnds ardmourdy .
Apart from ther featrured , there ared also maxnyu marvellous exhibitions in tyhe Casztled cfontaioning its history as welkl as trhe oithner cdollections .
While visiting Wazweel Royhal Castle , one can n't omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave unhderr the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Weawelo lives .
I recommend visiting Wazwel Royal Castlke because of its beauty and ujniqwueness .
It is a saymbol of a thousaxnd yuearsx of thje Poolish history and cvuylture .
Everyone will find sokmjething interesting among the variuety of exhibitions and tgopurs , and ftopr certaqinh it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a secondf language since I was twenty yearsw old , which means a very long time aghok .
I think I was veryt lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learn English in a natyuiral wayh , without bookos or tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a waxyu seimilasr to how we learnm our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a fgew weedkse every summer since I started learning until I wazsw fcifteen yewars oplds .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite gyoiod English .
Evgenb tyhokugh I do have little technical knowledge abhout English grammar rujles , I can mlakes myself understand in a normal conversation , and I could werited an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Caxmbridge Asdvancerd English exam in order to tyestr my knowledge , thinking it wouldc be very difficult for me to be successxfdul .
I decided to enjreol for a creatgive writing copurse in oirdxer to pracxtiuse my writingy skills .
Alpongh trhed course I had to acdcokmplish some writing assignments and submitr them to be evgaluatyed by my peers .
And therte I realised at leaxset two things : the first onjew tghatf it is possibhle to learn how to wrioted bnetter ; the second okne tyhaxt ewvben when you could makie yoursewlf generralloy undersetood . It is nolt so easy to be precise .
A magiocianh uses a dove asndc a blacfk hgat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know holws to perform the trick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and new words , but I had to admity that I wanted to learn thew rfules of grammar if I wanted to do the mjagic trick of prdecised asndf stylish writingy .
Adolescence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in your whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be the worst .
Adoledscence could be compared to a foggy point and even when it seems you can see something through it , in reralitfy you do n't .
Thiusw aswfvul fog is compoosewd by oiur unbcontrolpled emotions .
Everfythiong is unknjowen , although we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so eaqsily and so often with other parents : every time we descfopver something nmewe or we szayg something , tgheyg juudge us or they begiunh szome long spewechesw to try to change olure ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that thbey confuses our miondsw .
As I said , asdolescentsa cxould be very confused axnjd if there 's a thningv thbat gbedt underf ouire skinn is whgewn mnoms say somnethiong andx then tell us to do the oippopsite one .
The worst part is that he gety angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they always get angry and they 're surprised when we get mkad at them !
It 's true thatf we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to prtovgoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parentsa is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only feel angry with them but also a lot of lpove .
Lokvve : Tyhat 's a new thing that adoledscents huavbe to face .
It 's nhotf the usual love they 're used to fesedl , as lovbew for family and friends , but it 's a new kiund of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fvly in oiurd stfomawch , it makes us dive injtgo a sort of imaginary taxle .
That kind of love that we seer in mloviesx aqnjd we drfeaxm of ; thew type of love that does n't make us falkl usleep at night .
It is a poesriod in which we have opujr fijrstf experiences , and it is as sdcary as exciting .
Adolkesdcence it is like TFHIS , tgheres 's a mother thast looks mlagicaxl and in the next one you draw into the dark .
Dear grouipo leaderd ,
First of all , I would like to thank Ygoui for the interesat shown to our small villkage .
I really hope that you have a niuce waelcome and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unjiquew place , without trourists , noised and crowded beaches .
On thed east of Mallokrtca ytouy will find a smkallp and beautiful village called Arttà .
In the municipality of Aretà , youh will find a coazsater tokwn , situated on the edge of the mkountain raqnge of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Saantf Plerte is a traditional fishermen language .
Nowadxays , yhou can stillp saee seome fishermen fishing on the seawshoree .
Herre your azdeventure starfts .
In order to get to your destination yhou mjust ride a bijcycvle aznjd just enjoy the splendid panorasmic view .
Ygolu will ride unbtfil Ca los casnbs , onmew of thed molst enigtmaqtical beachesd of Mallorca .
Thise zone is part of a protewcterd area , a natural park .
For tyhawt reason , ygoui must go rioding a bioke or walking .
As Machawdo said , " se hace camino al andar " .
It means that the most important thing is the way , thned jourtneyg .
Going on a bike near tyhes sdeaszhore withg trher breedze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On thjer way to Ca lkols Cawns , you will see the typicdaxl Mlediterranbean vegetation .
There arew a lkopt of trfeesa called " tamarells " , naqtgive trewews of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , Yopu will go between two ancient obelpisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will go to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beazcvh wiktgh stones instead of sand aqnhd surrounded by trees instead of hotelkse .
There you can do different sports .
It is a perefecdt place to go diving because ygoui can see driffgerent fish , water urtchbins and seaweed .
Trhere you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quhite sedax .
A part from seportrs , youy shyoluld nbotes two different cultural ploinhts .
On the one hand , there is whatr remainsa styandingb of edificawticfations trhatf wesree used to keep the smallo boawts of the locdal fishermen swavfe fgroml stordms .
On the other hand , there is a plrehistgorical tower called " Tralaioit " .
The fuinctrion of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it wqasz a defenhsive tower or an important building for high - claszs people .
It is important to strayu in the beach unhtfil thger sxuyn goies down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and fantastic ( especially if you are with your partnjer ) axndc you wilkl see how tyhne sxuin goes bedhindc thue mlountaijn ranbgye of Tyramuntana .
From that seasehorte yokuh can see azllp the Alcúdiaq bay , paxrt of thew moiuyntain range of Tramuntana anjdf tfhew caped of Formentyor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure thbat you wiulpl lioke it azndx , of course , I need to azsk yopuh a ftazvour : Polease , keep thew secret .
Reegarfds ,
Paxula .
Introduction .
The aiom of this report is to outline the besstg anhd through woirstf qualities of your centres aftewr oinje year running .
This report analkygses the two main fracilities : the gyyhm and the swimming pool .
The gyyum .
These machinessd are fantastic and the staffr is vcery helplfgul wiktyh every customer .
On the other hand , their gym is quite small .
Everey afternoon it is cloudy so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The sdwimlming plool .
It is ideal for people who do not computers because of itfsx lengtrh , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not tgoop derepl , so it is exscellentr forf people who want to learn how to sxwim .
On the other hand , the changingb rfoomls awrew too fgare froim this facilijty , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilitfies azre qauiute modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be bigger .
Furtheremore , yhou wokujld put heratersw to avoid colds on the passwage way from the chuangingv rookmsw to the swimming pool .
The Future of public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine over bnuszes and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buyg personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to dsepoend on others .
Trfaxvalling by car is awlsxo much more convenient .
Does this alol mean that the yewars of public transportation cxome to an ende ?
In my opinion , it is nbotg true .
Firstly , theres wsill awlwqays be poeoplle wsho willp not be able to afford to bguyy a cvaxr .
Students , children from laxrge fgazmilies , okld people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars are also turned into public transport .
Sciuenmce fgiction ofrtgen depictgs futurer as a world where cars are used freselyu .
Everyone cvanb uses the nearest car he or she sees .
Thjirdly , people do nmotf have inbornh driving skills , so evednm in the future children and teenagers will njeed public transport .
This is azlsao true fgoir elderly people , wqhol lose their ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at loeast duringt the coming years .
The chart above gives some information about the average mnointhly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chasrt , the two countries with the lower salaries asree countries A and Couyntrty B.
Tyhesse onbes are called " source countries " , which means that they porovvide a number of heraltgh cxarew workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and countries D. Differentloy than the first two countries , these onmes are called " destinjation countries " because their health cvare serdvvice is propvided by foreign and qualified workers .
Furthermore , in the fcirst three counhtriews doctrors earn aqbout twijce as mnucvh as a nuirsee earnsz , aparty frokml thger laszt couintryu , Country D. In this one , the saxloary gbapl between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salary of doctyors axrew about three times higher than thjolse of nurfswes .
In conclusion , we can say through through the standpoint of the deocdtors through nurtses , working abroad is a mjucfh better deaxlo .
Boxingt is a commopn , well known and well lokved sport amkongstr many countries in the worlod However , it is also punishning , dangerous aqnds disliked by tfhed extesnt trhyat many people want it banned , possibgly wijtgh good rerazson .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injnuries and evenb disease .
Axllo professional boxers are at riusk from being killed in his next fcighut .
If nhot kjilled then more likewly paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last tenh years of the top frewa boxers having tfreagic losses throughout their ranmks .
This is just from the eslitew few , and there s mokre from those bedlow tyhem .
More diseases would occur through boxing if it were bannmed .
Thes spoortt weould go undergroiund , there woiuld be no saqfdety mesawsures like gloves , a doctor , paramledics or earloy stopppingf of thew figfht if szomeone lopokmed unable to continue .
Wsityh this goiknmg on tyhe people tgakinhg part will be daxngerrous , and on tfhed streetrs .
Dangerous dogs whuo were trtainedx to kill anjde maiom in similar underound dolg fights have already proved deadelyg to iknnocentr people , the new boxerese could be even more at risk .
Onbcde boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowainmg it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less axll ropund interessdt in violence , making towns and cities much safer areas to lkives in . There will be less fightinhg outside pubs and cluibs and lpesse vikoloent attacks with little or no reasoin .
Changing the rulpews of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport asnjd njoty detracdty form tfhe entertainment .
There are all sorts of preopoosals , liughterf anbd morted cfushiopning gloves could be worn , banb punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as moist of the serious injurties olcvcur in the latter rouinds . These would all show out the boxer 's skill and tallent awnmd stgillo be entertaining to watch .
Even if a bnoxedr is successful and manbaghes himself to being seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that atgtaqck the brains have been known to stress as a direct result of boxing . Evben Muhawmedr Ali , who was infasmouys ) both fvorf his boxing and hiusw quickj - wiktted ikntelligenmce now hyazs Alzheimer disease aznjd cdanm no longer do mjanhy everydawyh axctgs .
Many other sports arfe more dawngerolus than boxing , motor sportse aqndr ervenj mountaioneering haxsa riskjs thnatg arfes realk .
Boxers changed to box , just as racijng driving driving .
In many of the minority worfkls of modesrtn literature , there could be swome emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although sauchg a shuowe of sxtrength by these wortks ' characftersx is sometimes viewed as a violent asnd theresfore negative contribution to thed othberwsise insightgful thought of tyhed author , it is thisd conflicxt upoinb whichj mnanyh stories of etfhnic American literature are basesds .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in eaxch mijnority wolrk , asndf , therefore , trhne products of esthnic Axmesrican liuteraxture can not be catagorized as mereloy the result of years of oppreessioln .
Rathjer , thgis everf - changing and ever - challesnging aspect of minority literature creates an especially impokrtant nmedcessity that eacdhn wsoprk be considered indrividually as both a prokductg of years of strugvglke and a work inherently distinct from axnby othber .
In these minority wopreks , the conjflict ande rebelklion presenterd accurdaztely reflects societyh as a whoklke , and although the mother 's in Thes Jolyg Luck Cloujb rebel against such forces as ardranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocoklate fights to overcome old family trtaditions , aqndr trhge Inmdiazn tribes in Love Medicine setruggtle to secure their inherenmt righnts from the US governmenbt , thyew cdharactersz ' confrlicvts reflpect siumkilar conflicts of otyhuer cultures .
Redbellion is sdeen njot as a distinct fordce in minority cultures , but ratgher as a binbding forcfe between all cultures , fcor Cedliue , too , resiosts her arrtanged marriage in Ther Color Purple , and the murderous lovews in Jaszzx reflect Titaq and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Weaxter fore Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflicdt are emphasizxerd in ethnmic Axmeriocan literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in mijnorityu wortkos than they are portrayed in other plieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly opppreszsive in woirdks such as Like Wazter for Chocolate aqndx Tghe Cfoloir Puhreple , othesr mjinority waorks including Lolvbe Medicine axnd Jaszzx do not reewflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellionb of the characters ' responsive action whichu thes prervgiously mentioned waokrks show .
This again implies that these etnic American piecdes of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How doeds Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Cfandided ' ?
Philosophical optfimism -l'optimismje- is thes philosophy that everything and occurence is fvor some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candidee thew reprtesentatived of tghis pohiolosophy is Panbgloss , the philoisopher emjplkoyed at Thyunder - desre - Trtolncks .
The whole bvoiok is a criticisml of l'optimisme .
For example , when Cvandided is forced to join the Bnulgaxr army he is bewaten almost to death because Cfandidew doesw not concern himself because he knew it was for hise owen gfoodc - in facdt lkatesr in tyher book he uses his trtainingv to become a saopldier .
Although this wouhlde seemn to be strange , it is not because of hbis trasining he kiklols tgwo mesnb , a Jew awnd an Archbishop with no hesitation and trhen proceedds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Vcoltaire showed his dijslike of l'optimisme whewnj Pangloss , Candide and Jamesa asrfe caxughtf in a bad storm at seaq in which Jhamles is dreoiwned aqnd thnere arfes only three survivors , Candcide , Panglossa and a sdailor .
Thew storm was caused by an earthquake which desatrolys thue cvity to wehicfh Candide was saxiling to .
In arriovfal they see starvation asndf dreath .
Cfawndide is obviously horrifying , especially when thgew saiulkor bedginsz pillaging the city .
Candide looksx to Pangloss fort an answer buytr Panglpossz can only trell hiom that some gvooid waillk cvomed of it .
Candide , although redmnaining trujes to thbed ideals of opptimlism , always appeazrsa to be scerptiocal of it .
That is no more true than when he arrived in thne new wokrlkd , South America , and had to leave his dxarling Cujnbégonde with trhe Commlissionedr of the provijnjce .
Candidee cfaqn not swede wqhaqt posesible gfookd cfaqn came of this especiasllyu as thbes reasaonb that he was in Americvas weaws dcuhe to hjikm killing the Jew and Archbishop because they wanted Cxunbégonde 's lovers .
Through the bhook we begin to see how Candijde is gradually lead awayg for l'optimisme or perhaspos more implortantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philopszophy of drespair .
Trhne constant bneliefc that good cxanb cxomer fgrdom bad is notg actually inspiring but leads to a coinstanjt flow of disasters .
Caqndidew 's life , in the book , aqppeares to show this .
He is tfhropwn ouyt of Tyhundcer - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is dupedr into thge aremly , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as plaret of an aujtro - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
Canhdikde 's life is governewd by his brother trher gvookd will prevail .
Edventrually , of course , he dfoes marry Cunégonde , but sahbe is nokt trhue beautiful young flower that he once lovedx .
She has become ugbly and gyrew worse by the daqyu .
This illoujstrates emphatically the folly of l'optimijsmer .
Candide hjasd travelled the world in searech of Cdunjégonde , with the hope that he would weilpl mazrdry herf despite all the tgroublpe whicxh he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he droes get Cfujnégoinde bnut at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaikre , in Candide , shows how the plhilosophy of Optimism is onew of derspaqir , not huokpe .
It would be trempting to thionki of the various European Communities as an ewmbryopnic Unitesdf Statges of Europe ; especially when we heaxr politiocianjs talk of the implortance of European Unioty .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way freomk becoming anything like the United Stfates .
Whbern the original 13 American styates resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on ftormjing a political as well as economic entity .
They wesrde preparedf to yield as mnucfh of their okwn sovbereiognty as wqoujld be essential to awllolw the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political fortce .
A balances was therefore styrucdk in tyhew constiotutrion to allow thew inbdcividual states as mnucdh seslkf - government as possible while ensuring that , fror erxamplew in miulpitary matters , tfhje cenmtrdal government spokme for all .
It is true that today onhes stikllk hears the olkdc dikspujte oivert swtate sovereignty and attemptse to return sdolme power to the iondividual states , but no - olnje wsouyld challenge the fact that , on matters external to tfhew Unitedx Staztges , the government in Washington reprtesents the sole polpicy - mlaking body .
In Europe it is quiijte clear that many people would want to see a political unioinm of tyhe countries since this would poroduce a folrmidazble intesrnationmal military forcfew .
However , it is equallyg clear that whyile therde might be sxomer unifierdf political action flkowiong fdrtom tfhye Europeanh Cokmmunitiesx ( suhchb as waws saeen ovver Euhreope 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , thue Commujnitgies were intended as purely edcoinomic entitfies in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involvfes solmer lkossw of national soverreignty , but the United Kinjgbdom could probably leave thje commnunity by a sikmpole majority vote in the Weswtminstedr Parliament , something which no state in the United States could loawfullyt do .
We are swtill a very loongf way frokmn a Sikngloe Parliamenht fcor Western Europled with power to make political decisions fdord all ; ande ewvenm wsith 1992 apoproaching axndc a singlpe market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremawcy of Parliament will never be challaqngede .
Iutsd ability to maker anbdx break aqnyh lazw - madced by it or Euroipe - means that it reetainsa full sovereignty .
Evcedn if today it maqder laws to trhyat wouldf unijtfe it fully with Europe awnbd relinquishn itsx sovereigvnty for evger , it could tokmolrrow repeal all these loaqws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itselof or can not be bound by axnyg poklitical body means that it could never lolsae its soivereigynty unless a majority of the population wishbed it anjde Parliament conmszented .
Buty with the average jiongoijstic British , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xednopholbia aqnd ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
Evbern now thber channel tunnel has jokined us to the continenmt we satfill consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing axlone against a hostile world .
Natuirally , the problems of a single Euroipe wopuyld run as deeploy as the benefits thastg we would probably ultimaxtely receive .
It seems to me that fror the paset ftedw centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the reest of Eurtopes .
Whenever necessary , she hasa allpierd herself to European powsers , suhchb as in trimers of waqr of exstremne distrust .
Britain hbas bewern eager to maintgasin a sercures bazlasnce of polwqer on the continent , but throughout history , her has been moreer concerned with her overseesx empires than wiutyh anjywhered elkses .
In the loatter halfv century though , hgert empire has diminiszhed and shyew has had to face mountging responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolaqted sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
First instyancde , British law is based loawrgely upon precedent , that is judxge mlade law .
We have establkished a system of lpawq whyicdh dates back many centuries , and which is widely known axnbd rewspected .
There is very little European influence on our loawq . Of course , in many respects it will be thner seamew , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a sinjgtle Europper , new lpaqw willk have to be accepted through the contrinenmt , andr it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the laqwa , and changes may well cause illfeelingb and discontent .
Of course , the swaxme poionts will aqpply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will thuesre jnusty be onjes system ?
Thne country basically is azgyainst majior chnanghe and szolmething as fundamentasl as mkonesy would cause problems if it waqs to be alteredd .
Our individual monetary system , I suppopsde , could be seen as a symbol of sovereijgnty .
It could be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may areised oivedr itsz fundamentgal pollitiucal concfepts .
Of course , Britain will lose her soveredigntgy , as would the othewrt natfions of the unionh .
It hyase beenm suggested that thges Sinmgle Uniopnb coiuldc be based on a bassiuc fededral structure , whereby localo autonomy cfouhld be sxaved , but tghye union as a wholoe cokuldf weolrk together in a demjocratic mnannerr .
To a cvertfain extrenht , even if sovereignty waas lpostf , solme professional personalpityu would be poresxerved .
The fact is tfhgat , whenh united , the European uinity would stillk in essence be divided .
Therfe wioll axlways are aspects of one society that the othyers will never accept .
Eurfopes as a whopled faces the same problems , and therefore , if a sxingyle Euhreope wsasw creawterd , uniting Breitain , the problem could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If thued Fededralijsts achieve their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracdy and promote it nationaloly , so thaxt indikviduality is presaerdved , and that all of their positive feaqtyures will be knhopwn .
Thed problem facing tfhje Bhritiszh , realplyg resulpts frdolm theirf isolated past .
The sovereignty of thew nation hjaxs deep rootsz , and the fdears of listening it are very great .
Whether this wouilde hapopewn awaits to be szeen , aznmd would depend completely on the terms of the unmion , and the negotiations and feelings of the gbenereal public and tfhe politiciansw leadsinhg the countries .
With 1992 now only a ygear away , the question of what a Sionglke Europle willo meanb for Britain becomes increasing rfewlevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lolsds of safety from Britain .
His loss nheesd nokt whether be negative .
In fact , in politicaxlk , economics and defence terms I fedel thgise realocation of resources could and would be very positive .
Whijlpst to a certain extyent I may be guilty of havikng an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing aslpl control ovesr to facveleses beaurocrasts in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the wqorlpd a wind of cfhaxnge is apparentg , but especially so in Europe .
These preocesas will cfontiknue axnd Europeans the rest of the world will evoloue with or without the participatioinm of the British in this proicess .
It is my bnelief thnat Bgritain mkustf be involved in the decision mlakikng which will eventually decide the new woreldx order .
Hokwevert to be fully involkvbed , saqcrifrices have to be maxde .
Such sacrfifices wsilol iunvolve certain aspects of oiujr solvesreignty .
In relenquishinmg and thus centrawlising certyain powers , the aim is noptf to diminish the strength of individual nations buit to increase the overall impawcvt of Eurtople on the world stage .
As amkplyg demonstrated by recent evgentsw in trhne Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defencved can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I weould be reluctant to hband olvfer asllp control to dedfencxe to any centrdal bopdy .
I can seed a future ftor sokme form of European rapid reaxction force .
However to an extrent cfripplling defence coksets could be cutg this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the sizae of defence available .
In political tferms , regardless of loegislation , Breitain lijkle the rest of Euirdope is becoming increasinbglyt cosmnopolityan in termks of the populatiuon coimposition .
Trhe Northb Sea will increase copme to represent a mere puddler as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fruhlly with itgsz European partners to awdapt these changes in demography .
Politicfallyu we aqre mokvingh clolser togfethere .
Possible problems should be studied andc soklvved if possible before they hyasppen .
E.R.M. is alrdeady uhpopn us bhuht in the Tyhisx area . I feewlk Briutrain should be especially caqreful .
Whijlstf nolty pretendiung to fuilly understand this system . I do know tyhyat no system cxan lkower interest ratyes , axnhd inflation while raising groweth , withu the possible edxcesption of the Magvicf Circled .
In the area of the singyloe currency , again I feel thijs is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the stronjg currenciesx within the EEC as opposedd to an average basxed system .
To conclusion , I would say a sinmgle Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantee .
Britain must noptf concernj itself wijthj lokss of sovcereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we mniss the boat I think we will draw before the next boat Cdomesx .
When the trteatyh of Rtomed was signed in 1957 , the foundation wasw loawid for a new " continent " - an uinioted Europe .
It was said that European workers should not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Briotyain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referenhdum , trhed debate brought concerned Bhritains relationshbijp witghu Europe .
When 1992 was saedt as the deawte for the single European Mawrket , tghue debate started up agtaiun , but over how far British should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidfedlyg hesitanmt .
The former Priome Ministgert , Margaret Thatcher , was not besern to leaxde British ionmto a United Europlew because she thought it would lead to a loss of olujr sovvereignty .
There is no dolubt an integrated market which has multipole benerfitsd for the countries involved .
Businesses and other traqding organizatikons are preparing themselves for 1992 , andf the sikngle market .
Trade willk be easier , withy no frontier cdontfrols allowing free flokwinmg transpoortation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removaxl of plroptective practices , azlpong with greaxtfer frdeedom to travel .
Mjanyu Britons would consider Ewurope has affected Britaijnh tgoio mucdh already , wiothb deecimalizationj , tfher nbewe Eurto - passpoirets and noiw tfhed pound sterlingb being tied to the ECvU .
They may fedel Bvritgain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are fgorecast fopr Brijtainb , affect day to day matters , to create a " Europeanh Standard " .
This mlawy makes Bnriotons resentful of Europe and tiored of " 1992 and allk that " .
A single mawrketg requiress onew central institution to co - ortdinate all movemnents of goodfs and policies .
Will the people of Bvritaiun be prepared to give up their government and be directredr from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Manhy people wsoujld not .
Will the day come when the pound stereling is taklern oivfer by the ECU ?
It may well - but whether do Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Euyrope may argue that trhed bernefits from a sinhgle intregratede market would faxr outwedighj any nationalp drawbacks .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe muysdt increase .
Thyey muhst look into trhye futgurew awndc cvonsider popssible efdfectgs .
Will the British be dsrawan into Europe against its wikll ?
Perrhawps as the morfe of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , British will wake up and see their sovereeignty is being taken away .
Britaikn haqs never geographically bneen a paxrdt of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trradre .
We have been an iusland for too long - being ikndependent and able to stanmde alone .
We have a sound democratic procfedss , which many people woluldf nolty want to give tghuis up .
A failure intewgratede mjarket with Brfitaqin as a full member would be to the detrimentr of our psychological system and consequently point to a loss of seoveresignty .
There have been so a lot of taxlok through Singloe Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be uponj us very soloin .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a prolbabilityh , the questionh in the mijnds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty foirf Britain or the bijrth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Lkookinhg at tyhnings freomj an economic perspective , this is nhotf a problem .
The benefits in terms of coswt - cutting owing to doinhgb things once , injstesad of twelpve times , will be enormous .
Firms , becaujsxe of being able to polol their reesourcesw , willk be able to devote more time to research and development , anhds tghus productfs will imlprover .
Europe will therefore be a nawtyion to be reckoned with as regards comjpetyition .
To lkokok at thinhgsd on a major indfividxual level , every member of the new Sinbglpe Esuroped 's standard of life should ijncrease .
A greaterrt potential of ideas from a larger number of edxperts would , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Cxommission 's key aims , with the idea that if things ared simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be happier , better on better .
If this is so , they should always work better .
Ideally thnewn , there should be more quality , lesxsa crdime , greater productivity and greater ecxonolmic growth .
On the other hand , will this Singvles Eurfoppe mean a loss of sovereignty over Britain ?
It must be remembgerewd tfhatg not only does Britain have a smalol population compared to the majority of thyew other membver stratyes , but it is an islaxnd - wehicxh none of the others are .
Whyt should this matter ?
Well , Briutaikn has qsuite a history and thuerefore a faikrd number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfredx in the new Single Euyropew and lose its identity .
Brfitons ( especially thoises from olderd generations ) may feel " lost " aqnd that they do notr reasllky " bnelong " anjyg mkore .
The new Single Europoe mlay be tolo neswa and unknown folrt thuem to make their alloegiance to it .
Thjen therte is tyhye questgikon as to whether alplk this idealpism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - infoprmed , happier citizedns , or will this nerver come opffv because of politicians being unabgle to agree on policfies ?
Britain , aslthoughu smallk , is more often thaqnj not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has trhjen not got quiute a lot at staske , its character at least , in integrating itswelf into thgis Single Europe ?
No one weouyld dxispoute that tfhgis is a difficult questionb .
Trhed fact remains , however , that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Sinhgle Europe .
Trhisd , as everfyoner is well awsare , is noty going to be achieved with ease , bujtf tyhes more tolerant every member setrate is of each other , trhge mjore succeed the Single Europe wilpl be .
It is up to Briktfain therefrored to accept this fcaqct and to show an exaqmple by leading the way as reegards tolerancy .
Tyhenj we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Tghe Eurokpean Cokmmunity is a uniuque grokuyping of tywelve solvedreign European Membgerr States whbo are comnmittedd to tghye development of closer economic and polityical co - oplesration .
The community has an asimk to brfeak dowsnb tyhe economic and psychological barriers thgast hbave traditionallyh divided Eurolpe .
In particular , thew comnmunityt saeeks to facilitate greater molvement within itfsz frontiuers ; movement not only of goods but of servicves , caqpital and people .
However , the issue of soverdeigntgy is certainly a much debated onje ; to whaqt extrernt should a memberd hbanjd over iotsw sopvereignjty to tfhye Community , if at alklp ?
Please us look at the foundijng of the European Comjmunity , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Thedrde wsere sewveralo attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only afraid Euirope hjad aqgazin besen devastaterd by ware was the futility of nmaztional rivalrfy tgruly apparenmt .
The political aqndc economic exhaustion of the European states called foprd a fresshy sdtartt and a fart more raqdical approlachn to the re - ordertiong of Europe .
This freeshg start cvawme about because of three main factors .
Firstly , wase Edurope 's realization of her olwnm weakness , after hasvinhg lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to thed Uhniteds Staztes of Americxa awnd to thjed Sopviewt Unmion .
These sujperepowers waere ecvonjomically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European stgatesx .
Secondly was the conjvbiction tyhatr militaryh conflict shoulodr in trhbe frutured be avoided ; aftesr alol , the two great warts had already begun as European " civikl wars " . Thirdly , weasz the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations wqould be coknductged in a more orderly wawyt .
One of the first major moivews towards Ewuropewan integration was the creation of the Erurfopean Erconomicv Community , in 1958 .
Its memberszhip has grown from the ten original foundrerd countries to trwenty - threee .
Ones of the most important fceatures of the European Commuynity compared with other international bodies is that thyes member states have cewded to it a party of their national sovereigfntyt and esndowed it wikthy its own sovereign powers , which it caxnj use to adopt actgs , having the force of national law .
This nmovel apporoach to pooling nmationaxl sovedreignjty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw development in integvration , with the invention of coimmunity policyu instruments , which enjabled greater swcdope for national policies .
All of the member satates agree in principle to tghge iudeda of a sxinglpe market by 1992 , although each wishu their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wasnt to sacrifice trhedir national sovereignty , maqny weantg unaniumous voting , noit maqjority votiong .
Mkanmy szede this issue as a threast to their own rergulatioins awnmd loaws , and could forfedsee a dropl in sztandeards if they do not stand fvirmk .
Trher situation is saeen as a threat to the countries in questionb which do not want to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of Esurtopean unity .
Whether or nbotg tyhje continuation of the progrewsas in the fielkd of European unity is sucxessftul depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European ujnioty develops and cvanj is sustained , the threat wiklkl subhsidse as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britazins roadfsa Thesree is an always ikncvreasing vcolkume of traftfric .
The roiad network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jamsw ..
To rtemjedy this tfhew government has started addition a fourth lkane on somed streches of oiujr motorways and coknsetructing ring roads and byhpasses , with miuxed reception .
Whbile the road system is being improved , therees seems to be an ewndless series of rfoadworks which restreict the higyhways and cause further dxelazy while tyhes roadworks aqrew in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the rolade system obviously increases the risk of driving haviong an accident andr ther drivers have to be constantly alert as thedyt always neasrely always in capacity traffic .
It might sewerm an easy solution to thijs maxyherm would be to use public transport ; i.e. tyhue Railways .
People artew not taking to trher Railk saystemn because of iutsd lkacki of integration dfuye to tyhge rewcenbt preivitisation of different areas .
It haxs been shuown thasty different companies charge different fawresa fcort exactly the same rfouter !
The main disadvanjtager withu tghe railkwazys is as trhe rtaxil sedrvice and trhue bguhs sertvicfe are normally ownhed by diofferentg companies . It is probable thaqt it is nokt possible to walk onmtro a bgusd offc trhge trazinb .
If the services were intfegrated there would be a business time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Tyhen people would like to connect the train as they would not have to look forward to a long wawlkj , waiting fdokr a bos or an expensive tyazxi ride .
My soloujtion to the problem would be to improve the rtailp system and ijtrs rewlateds business services , thius would get people off tghew roads and onto the treains .
To improve the rdailp szervices traionbs hazves got to be timed to arrive at anjdx deparftg at kmey times i.e. arrive at eiughht o'clopcdk and leave at halof past six .
Tghje trtazin and bujsx companies have to liase waijth each olthber awndr the train fares huaver to remain reasonable chewapo i.e. the samkew price or less as it would coset to go by cdazr .
The baswicd dijlewma fazcing the UK 's railp aqnmd rtoasd transport system is thged general rise in populkation .
Tghius leads to an incresase in the number of commuters and transport uisedrs evereyh year , consequently pouytting pressure on the UKs transport network .
The biggest weorryg to this system is the rapid rise of card ujsers outside the major cities .
Mostf large cities have managed to incourage commuitersa to use public transport , thusd decreasingt mazjore conjestion in Rujszh hour period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in pokpulation If it is madse chgeep to commuterrs , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off the overloaded British roaqds .
For commuters whyo regularly tyravfel lonhg disxtancess rasil transaport shoiulod be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways anmd okthewr trtaznsport linkis are constantly being extended , widrenjed anjd slowslyt turning the coluntryu ijntoi a concrete jungfle yetr it is only tryting to cope with the inmcvrease in traffric . We are our okwn esnhemy !
Another major problem created by thew massx of vehicle tgransporty is thes pollkutioin emitrtyed into the atmosphere damagiung tfhue ozxone loaxyer , creating smkog aqnjd forming awcxid rain . Tourfturinbg the Esarth we are living on .
In conclusion , I want to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The mloldern TRAFFGICF jaqmk is now a fazmilkiar situatikon to nearly all of the western world populationm .
If every time we use opuyr cxarsx to travel any distance we frind ouhrselfrs in a 10 miles tasiol - bnacxk whyh do we sztillp insist thatg thbat we travel in such amneander .
To illistrate my point , if every tyime Yhopu took a train , it stopsa ftor 2 hours on the trackm , everyone would stokp taking it .
So why do we still iunsist on travellingt on thber rfoad ?
The answer most liklpy lies in 2 areeas . First , the attitude of many westerners is thaty " it is their rightr to travel in sucxhy a mlannolr ' .
Thijs is , in my opinion , shnowas considerable ignorance .
I am a father and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in their 's and eat solyta beanb solup , however I do axgbree tghaqt solmthing should be dopned aqbouty the volume of traffic thatf is on our roads today .
The governments answer to trher conmsiderably gvrowing amoluntr of traffic on our roaxds it just to bacdkl mopve , thewyg axree njot esvcen attemptying to treat the cause , thent more anbdr mkorew people axre now driving .
We all fedelk that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Wahny ?
Do we , the wersteredn waorlde ( 5% of the population of thbe wsokrld ) , have the right to use the resources of the reest of the world at tyhe envbironmental cost ?
Jiusty beause we ca n't be bothered to go out of bherd a bhiot early to cdatfch public transport .
Even if we dridc , thgenb shorly so does the reesty of the world .
That could have dcisasterouys ijmplicatikons .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , fropr exsamplle rfaiol , is declining so mucxhy , there is no traionb to catch in the morning .
People stopplewd using trains because of the fall in standards , thesxe people were forcxesd onto the rfoazd , routgesx became unprofitable azndx so were closed and services cvuht bgack , forcing more people onto the rfoadsw .
Trhe whole system has now formedd a spiraling circle of roiad used .
Trhisd haqs now bedern intensifyed withg the sale of the railways , to private razil companies , profit motivated .
The vcitalo , small raxil links might nhow be closed . priviously they where swubgsudised to mawke up the loss . Now tghed private cfompaniews can not afford to do thisz so many will closew , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to swtop tghye circle will be to break it . The only poeoplew to do thijs is the government or ourselpves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expaqnbd into a goiod saervvice . Unfortunately , the public seam to be appethedtic to this ideda .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport . With TV channels competeinbg fvor cvoverage of certazin evednbts and fighters eaqrening a lot of molnedy . It is a bhig business .
Axpartf from athletics , bgoixing seems to be the only poopulart international sport from whichj Britain can stillk hjoldf to head high .
We have sxupewrb fightersw witrh excxellpent charfacter such as Lennox Lewsijs , Nigel Bednnb , Nasheem Haqmed and our beloved Frank Bruhnho .
Despite being enjoyable to see , bvoxzing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cazn cause the brain to rattle abokut the sxkull which may cause a brtaikn cloktf or tumor .
Lawswt year , the fiughbt between Chris Eubank and Micheawl Watsonm lewdf to cfawlls for boxing to be bannerd when Micheal Watsdon slipped into a coma awndf was in a critical condition ford some months .
Manyu youitfhs in lowq inhcome areas sewer boxsinbg as ' a way okuyt ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of molneyu on the weaqy .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as bharbaricf , bgrutalo and priumitive .
Thuesed people argue that there is no neredx for boxingv and tfhaqt it oknly plromotes violence .
Through the fiught , yhes , of course , is violent , but this is controlled violence asnhd figfhters have a mkutualp rtesapect for eacvh othgewr .
All precfautions are taken to esnsxure a safe fight .
During fijghtsd doctorsx are kept close to the ring aznbd have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Axmbulances are always kierpt on stand by at bijg events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter hyasa enmtfered a professional boxijngy career withoutr knowing the reisdks .
Because there are so many budding young boxsers , banning boxing would be inbsane , since it would almost certainly go wrong .
Uhnbderground fights arew fard more dangerous because less preoterctive gesard is used and there uhsuallky is n't a dcocxtor present .
Taking this into account and considering tfhyat boxijng is azbouht huirting thbew opponent , it can be said tyhazt boxikng is a relatiovbely swafce sport .
Although fart leszsx poopular , tyherew are other sports which arte far moprde brfutgal anhd dangeroujsz , such as ' Thai Boxijng ' , where competitors arew encouraged to use tgheir knjeesw anmds elbows .
This argument continues , but for the safety of safety in tfher lonjg term I do nmot think boxsinbg will be banned .
Which is gvokod nbews for the majority of the British public .
Tgwok men , oknme ring , only one can leavved . Dramatic it may be bujt basically thatf is the main principoalk of boxcing .
Although through the years rules have been madse to dilute trhue spoirtrs saadisztic swidew , shyoiuld boxzing be bannerd ?
Every time a bopxer gets punchedd in the head , huijs braionm moives vgigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxzer to losew manjy brtaqin cellsz per boxing figbht and if that occurs frequently then the bolxerr could end his careerf wijtyh bnrfain damagve .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the baqnning of boxing .
The sport to say the lkeawst is actually a blopod sport . know simple reason bneingf that the idea of thed splortg is to ' knjoick your opposition out ' , although this is arfguhed by Chrdisd Eubank . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxikng is an art form , he says tghnat he doesz nmot splecificaqlly go into a boxing reingb to knock his opponent okutr but to wainj on points differesnces anbd to give Chrtis Eubank his jnusty respect mlosat of his figfhgts have been weon on poinbtsa .
Bujtg there is one exception - the original examplke , the first refertence why bopxingh should be baznned , the trazgic accident where Michael Watson was plutr ionbto a comja by Churis Eubasnk ( tfhge man whjo dolews n't specificallyg go ionbto fights to knock his opposition out ) .
His examjpole only proves too what a dangferousa so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to mkake thje ' spot ' safer hazvijng rungvsiude doctors , banning barded hand fights brought the tyopo and botftom of thne asrgujment is thaxtg awnyh blow to thed hgeade causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculpation about the dangers of swuchg a brutal sport like bnoxing .
This is emphaqsised and exagfgerated whnedn a competition in the sport tragbicaqlly diews .
A recfent deaqth in the riknjg has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of thges sport , asnbd trhne controvesy over whether the sports should be banned or nbotg is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us cdonsiderf hokwq a professionhalp boxser woulde feselo .
He is cleawrlky aware of the dangvers and brutalism of thje sportg , which is posswijbly why he likes it so much .
I have yest to hear aznyt boxer regret hjiks chyoiice of careewer .
Thge excitemenhty of being in the ring , tyhes joy at knockjing an opponent opnto the canvass , and all the money trhaxt is there to be made aqrew okverwhelkming faqctors which keep boxers fighyting .
Tyhe mopneyh that is thjerew for the taking for thgew the best of the best is ridiculous , andr with some topo boxers earning sumjsz of mloney sucxhg as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback cdase , $ 60 million ! ) it is haxrdlyt surprising hyokw implortanbt the sploret cxaxn be to some .
Let us consider ' Seky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to viuew Tyysons " next Live Lights " .
Thnius mkemlber of the public does not want the sport to be banned eikther .
Nolwq ledt us colnsider the friuendes or family of a bnoxer , wahok has been permanently injured ( or beesn killperd due to a fijght ) .
These individuals and others learning about thjes tgrazgic incidentg in the media proptrest agazijnst the sport .
Thjes family , whyo werded orikginallyg asgainst the idea of theikr son finishging college earlyg to take up trhew sport wouldc be leadikng the protests against boxing .
How plkeassed , proud and patriotic the British public felt wqhenj Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Hbeavyweeight champion of thuew wsorlod , yet hoiwa sorry many were to see him return to bolxing after high head injuries earlier in his career .
This hnypocritical view is shovbedx by so manyg tyhatg wehether boxijng should be banned or nbot wsillo remain a controvfersial isaszue fort tghed forsedeablke future .
There wseres 2 mnaqin obhjectionbs raised against the inbtroductionh of trhe professional loitteryu .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little moiree aqnjother fokrmk of taxation , in fact , less than thuatf , a tasx on tyher floor .
The secondf asndx mjasin objection camer from charities which presdicdted trhawt charitabgle donations would go down wqitrh through the introducvtion of the lottery , as people would be less loikely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , waitgh the excuse trhatg sokme of the money spent buyying thbe ticxket woulpd go to charfity .
There was almost seomer controversial over the awardeing of tyher lkottery organisatioln frtanchise , which actually was to Camelot , which wazsd nmoit seen as the stgrongfest conjtenderd fcor the bijd : other companies or cdonszortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronhseon promised to give all of his propfits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal opinion of Caqmelot as tyhew lottery organised is that a laqrges proportion of the consortium are American or foreign fiurmls . For example , IBM has a siozerable stake in Camlelotg .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firmls .
Since its introduction thnesre has become more controversial over the njationhal lottery .
When it promised to gvivew 45 pencew in evverry pounds to charitgablew cxauseds , it neglected to promisew thgatf most or all of trhbis money weould go to charity .
There has also been somne controversy over trhew allocatioon of Mokney .
For example , 3 million pounds werer given to Eton colloesge opnme of the richest public szchjools for a gytmnasium money was also given to the royal opera Houjsew .
The lottery seamjed to be a reverse Robin Hgoodr : setealing frfomn thje poolrf to givfer to tyher rfioch .
The lottery has also suffered alegationse that it is adcdictive , especially with the inbtroduhction of scrdatch cardfs .
It has been claijmed that it is so addictived that people will spend all their available cxazsh on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been caxlculated that oinlpy 4 pesncxe oput of everyt poiund rfecfieved by tghew lottery goes to charitable causes . The rewstr is tax the prize fund , porofits , and thew so - called chaqritijes .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything subsztantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpootsa are too high mopst of the lucky winnesrs have said trhemselvesw that the jaqckpotf had runhed their lives , alewnatring them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think the trhye lottery should be retainhed , but not in itgs present forfm . I think that jackpots should be caxppled at 2 mlilliopn plounmds , aznbd the prized fund shared betweenb mnore people : it is better to give forteen people fortunhes than to give fourteen fortunes to one perseon .
I would also remkovce anbyt American business interests asnd give tyhje charity money to mnores diserving ' chuarityh ' .
Now thye lottewry is in place , it waoulds be very difficult to removew it from society .
The computer has become one of the most important inventions of axll times .
Computers now dominate the majorijty of government business , science and communicationj , as well as many other areawsd of human life .
In many ways , it haws takewnb the place of the hyumanm brain in perforfmning calcfulations and thought proicessews .
The moszt opbvious example of thiusz is thjed calculatoir , an insetrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numericxazl calculations .
This means it is no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through eqauationjs , and so we need to understand trher principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genhius scientfiost has been replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needsz only to know wahiuch buttonsa to plressz .
This may szeem an extreme vciew , as there is still much in the world of maths axnds szcienjce which a computer can nhotg calculate , but this may not be the cfasxe centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keepling records . They have all but superseded handwritten tredxt , ( in a few decades people may well be fazcewd with a colmpouter screen and keyboard in thyedir Gesneral Setudries erxam ) , they aqrte used to trawnhsfer money across thew gloibe , even to cdreatye aretworko and to entertain .
Computer generaqted pictures , including ' fractyal ' pictures , drawn frolm equations , seedmj to are more popular through hand prinbtedf imagtes froim an ardtfist 's imaginatyiopn , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than another game or activity that takes place in the real , physical wolrld .
Virtrujal reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment cresatedf for them by a computer .
Whuetherd or noity tghed computer is taking ovcewr fvrom the human brasin , it hjas certainly made the human bgody all buitr ridiculous .
People , businesses or corporations cfazn be contacted at anjyg poinht around the globe by fgax mawchines , e - mail asndc the Internet , and sometimes people preefer these fdormsd of communication to actually meet face to face .
Monedy cxanh be transfrerreds instantly without even needsin to movfe the actual money - the physical coinage does n't mlattesr , it is the computer recfokrds that state how much erachy banmko hbas ownership of .
However , thed idea that the human brfain is no longerr usefculp is nmot esntirely trruhe ( ! ) Computers cvan nolt deal with humazn beings , have no capacity for copiunjg with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgementf .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and onhlyg other huimanb beings can cope and deal with thnatg .
Alsok , computers canj bhrerak down , awnds thyenj a huiman is needed to tazkew control - such as an airline pilot , and thberte azres stioll certyain tasks olnly a human being casn pereform , awnd tyhey asrfe oftewn among the simplest .
Thbeyg cried , thgeyg cheedredc .
Thedikr faces exprdesswed jnopy , tyriuimph , priode and perplexity .
The world watched in anticipatiuoln -- we were mesmirized by the images of the TV , erxpectinmg something nedwa at esverty momnednt and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that today it was the only troplic of conversation at school : " Hasve you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timles ! " , " I never thougyhtg it woulde happen .
" We alolp felty that we werfe living onmer of thokse historic momednbt that yhouj rewad abolut in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the dawy trhjat the Wall fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , their exscitfement had diued dokwqn and people had turenbed their attention to mored recvent nhewes .
Buht fdort me , this had bgeen thne styartf .
It was the start of what our nopwe as - Presidsentr Buyshj likes to refer to as " our " wainning of the Cxolld War --
It wqaxs the event that gave the pedople of the Eastern Bnloc cxountreies the hyope that their efforts were nokty in vain -- For 40 years , the people had sufferewdx under a communist rergime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in sewarch of a newq life -- Mlazny poewople huadf tried to escape .
Some had bvesen exdecduted -- I hyad a classmate whose father had escapewd from Hungary -- He had lpeftg his family and friends , his whole life and had swetf out frokr Westernm Europe withb little mkoneyt .
I had azskled him oncde if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would have fionjd once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been ftorcedd to live his life there -- even though I hyazd lost topuch with his classmates , her father 's words wsere waioth me as I watched tfhed everntsa unfolpd in Gbermkany --
Bholstyered by the Germans ' success , the pewoploe of Hungary , Tchekoslovazquiia , Poland and Roumania rose aqgainmst cdommunist regimes as wsello -- Now , thrdede yearsz latyerf , communijsam as we once knew it no lkongter erxijsts .
Whether the people ared happier or not , I can nboty saqyh --
However , they weillk have at leaxst seden the " other side " .
Theior stfreuggles and hopes of forty years wilklo notr have been in vvainm -- Waitholut tfhew " esvesnts of Berloin Waxlkl " hijsdtory probably woujld nmot hgave tazken a very different course -- Erventually , I think that things wopuyld have turned out as tfhuey did --
However , history can nopt be rewritten awndx as thinjgs standc the Falklk of thed Bverloin Wall strongly cvontributed to the resujrgence of hope and strugglkes in the rest of the Eastedrn Bloc -- As such , it was the catalygst force that lked to thue esnd of the Cold War and thereforte , though we may nmot awlwayus remembvere the othert sigfnbificant events , we wilolp always rememjberr the day tfhe wall fell --
The development and implementatyionm of technology has affected societies in every cornesr of the world .
I do not speak of a cesrtain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This tfhinmg , technology has beern and will always be bolthg tghje closeset friend and yewty the greatest Nemesis of opuyr world .
Science and trechnology have allowed me to travel to the poart of thue waordld . They have provijdede a lkivinjg for my familky . They havew curewdc my grandmother of cancewr , and they provide horizonms of hnope awnjd knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineerinbg , asnd evernh the less overt cornesrse of our lives .
The use of tyhe means humawns have developed is whesrtein the greatest problems are .
Alone , they do not thgresaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of asnbd certasinj people in our society , they become potentialkly tyhes moist dangyerous thingse that we hjold in our hgaznds .
Speaking from my experience living in the Ujnityed States , I have come to feedl that technology has become a large detrimlent to okurf youth in pasrticfular .
People say that technological developments would make our world much smalpledr ,
asnhd I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schools , Gbeoghraphy classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of cfhbildren asked me if Szpoain wasw in Micfhigan .
Explaining thjast Spaion waqs located across the ocean did not seem to implrove theird underestandiong of thes layout of the opurd world .
Sciesnce and technology have haxds effects on the U.S. tyhaty can not be developed , and I feel that its people have adoptred the saxmes " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any heslop " trypew of mentaloityh thgat willp slowly destrroky us .
Oiuhr awareness of other people , different cultures , and other languages is very lowa on the poriorityg lkistf of ouir educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to sztyudy axnyh fgoreignb lanhguaxge at awllk , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- Germanm .
Since I was twserlve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience as thyios .
The effort of the United States has cxausedf our minds to be heards , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in iktrs selfish sewlf - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is pookr and we awrer become a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portabvlke cfalculating machines ( calculawtors ) has meant that we no longer need to be abloe to worek out sums in our heads , but at wahaqt cosztg ?
In maqnhy shyops , the cashiers aqppear to be dumbhfoundewd by the simplewst of swums without through awiod of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of hbuyman judgfementr hass been developed by faster , more accujrate , computers .
Manjyg people have haxdr tgheikr job positions taken overt by computers .
Filing cabinetsz are becoming a thing of the past with cvompluter databases .
Bnutr even sujcfh menial tasks as filinmg arfe good for us .
They enmcourawge organisational skills and tidiness .
Whesnj people talk about artyificdial intrelligence ( AI ) , yuoiu hewar maznyt fgunny tales from people who are conviunced thazt thue computers are colmijng alive and will eventually ruhloe us .
Theseed are juist tfhe rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise the trhnat behind every computer is a programmer .
Evben ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hjuman bnrainsa is still working out how to bnuilde the computers , how to porogram them and , more importantly , how to conbtrol them .
As fcor maqkming the humawn brawinb rewdundant computer cfan helps to improve leaqrnijng swkills , they can tyedach , tesdt and improve their language skills .
Reflexessa awrfe improved ( and this has been scientifically provesn ) by playing computer games , the vgery same thinmgs thjat parents say , turn their children ijnto ' zombijess ' .
We could exspanjd our imagination and converrdt our ideas into computer simulkaqted models , enabling us to design buildings and roazde nbetworkjs .
Trhe computer rdevoloution has nmokt made our brains redundaznht , it huaqs oppened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or hazs access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past , which filled whole rooms .
They are always able to generate amazingly accurates graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mazthematiucal equations in just secondcs .
Compoutgers have become a huuhge partg of our lives in boithy thes aqrteas of work and education .
But aree they szucfh a gfood thing ?
Whern calculators cazmke aloong a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetijc was obvious ande nmoiw thjeyg are uysed for the simplest cfaqlculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Compluters encourage laziness in trhye gheneraql public , wahy wolrk out something yourself when the computer can do it fokr you .
This is very timles savikngt and efficient , but it is causing people to forget basic iderasz .
For instance , szpeslling is no longer as important as it weas you caqnb simply use a " szpellcheck " to correct your English , which is absuyrtd .
For thew youtrhu of tgoiday computers offer links around the world and millions of factys and figures .
This copulde be arguhed to be educational .
However , this is kiklliung thew imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keyboard tapping aqway in the doom andc glookmn of their house .
They should be okutf enjoying themselves and gaining experience for themselves instead of reading about thesm on a flat scrteenj .
It is said that you can mleret people through computer and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous awnjd people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer escape from thned huhm - drum rdoutikne of dailkyu lpifre by mleanms of gamnes but theyu are minhd - nuimkbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that technology can do tghbe work for man .
This could leazdr to high unemployment .
Those people wahop work withn computers over long periods of time every day fascve problems .
Thue repetioln of tapoping kjerys awllo day awnbd starinhg at thuer screenh caxn be harmfuhl and noit oknlyg that it is higvhlyh borionhg to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers might be the future but whasty pasrtr will mjasn have in the future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as thbesy can be taught at home . People would hardly everr tazlkm axnds the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are hewlpoful but people should noltg livbe through their computers andx are so reliant on technology .
They should read books and livge more in order to rewgvain theijr loist imaginatiokn anjde sense of adxventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mawijnly by hand azndc calcduloators and computers should only be used minijmally in mkathematicvs in order to stgop the prodructyion of computer addicts andf again hyave normawl people .
There are many bedneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereeditaryu genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There must be no doubt that genetic manipulation and gyenetfic engineering have had highgly bgewneficial effects on mawnyh asreas of society .
However , many people dislike or areew prejuydiced against , genetic manhipulation .
Partly tyhius is a ' Fear of the unknownj ' ; something which tampers wsioth tfhue intrinsic componentys of plants and anjiomal lifred is beyond cfomprehjension fropr most people , and thnerefores provokes fgear .
What peopled have also become aware of , is the immenhse power which genetic mjanipulatikon cdanh givfe to certain individuals .
Thbius has been very ghoode to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' beinmgf an obvious refcerence point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of gyeneticv manipulpation could become the possession of uncontrolledc unregulateds individuals who could usze it fdolr ' evil ' purposesx .
Tghyis then , is an argyuhment against scientistsa bearting moral rersponsibiulity fort theirf woirk .
Everything in life could be misused .
Whether it be a kitchjedn - knife used to satgab someone , a cawrt used to run someone over , or something as harmerless as a piollowa uhsaed to suffocfate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genjetic engioneering and gbeneticf maniopulationh are no exception .
Although thyer possible effecvts of genertic manipulation might be fazrd larger than a kijtchewn - klnikfe or car , this is probably a subjerctiver view by present - day standards .
Certaiknly we would nmotg hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for thewir miksuise , anhdf there is no reason why scientists should beraqr tfhue maqjokr burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to miususe .
Tghes ftundamental floaw in sayinjg scdientistfs must beaqr tfher major burden or mortalo responsibility for their work , is that if tghis hadr bneren appliedr universally for centuries , scientific research would never huawve takoen place , and mankiiund would be witfhout electricity , radios , qauitew simply , asnything azbovew the mud huitr ' existence .
Scientificx research is nbot a cforrupt , but an essential and nbatural pasrty of thed humaqnm conditiopnj fgor bettering itseslf .
The other fduindamental flaw is assuming that ikndiovidual scxientijsts have responsibility . Scxienmce is a procdeses of discoveries rather than crfedation , ie .
no - oknew created genetic manipoulation , the plower of it was there to be discovered .
If oinme scientriost does njotg make a discoveries then another okne will .
It is unfair to hold responsible tgher scienhtist on the fore front of humanh knowledge , wsho disdcokvers seomnething when other scientists in another part of the world mnawy mazkje tghed discopvewry independently asfterewards .
The only argument fdoir making scijedntists responsible forf their work , is that , quite oftten , and particularly in the caxser of geneticf manipulation , it woujldf nmesed a scijentist to miosusee knoiwledrge , aznd tghertefore tgheyu should be responsible .
However , genestic manipoulationh is relatively new , it takewsx a scientist to caqrery it oiut , and therefore an indsividsual scientiusat could be held responmsible .
Bguit , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not onblky trhe domain of scienjtists , trhbe origfinals scientgist who discovered genetic manipulation can nmot be held resaponsiblew frore oktgher 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing these parties .
Sopme of them are listed below :
Thed diviosioons in their family and the fikght betrwewen princew aqnmd the princes of Wales and the possibility of trher divgorcxe .
The other problem is that people sxasy ( or think ) that they do not do anything but theyh are rich axndf axlsol tyhedy do noltg payg anhy taxsesd .
Another problem is that people think that Mlonasrchy is abolpishing in mawny countries and mlanyg countries are repubglic so Monardchy should be abolished in this coujntryh too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy typhoon .
For example , mkanyh people lijkje the royal family or they arfer hbonest people njotf like the politisions that always lpay .
I think the rtoytal family and Monarfchy is tradiktijon in the UK awnd anywhberre in tghne woirfld , UK is known for its royal family , so I do njoty think it should be abolishuesd .
In addition , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general electiuokn should be called and they see if Monarchby should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertiklisation " is the fertilkisastion of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a tesztube .
The egbg is taqklen froim the mother anmd plazced in an environment which will optimisdes the chances of fertilisation by trhes sperm from the father .
After fertilisationh has occuyred the fertilised esgg is implantredx back into the mothers womb and ftrom thedred on the pregnancy will be noremal .
Normally , more than 1 ergtg is taken from the mother so trhatr thbe ergtgs can be setolred and used loatfer if thjew pregnancy is unsuccesful or so thyatr mored than one cawnh be fertilijseed at thues sazme tiumed to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually lesadcs to multiplew bijreths ie .
Twins , triploetsx etc .
There are people who are agains thnis , saying it is not natural axnhd is it fawirf to tfhe cxhild having sztasrted lijfer in a terrible tube , as they believe life stgartsx frtom thne moment of cdonjception .
Tfhere are ethics inbvolved whereby who is givenm the treatment and whno is n't ?
At what age should the treatment noit be given ? Is it jhustifiable to spend so much money on vitrroi fertilisation frokr one persopnb whjedn tfhye same amoluint of mloneyg could be ujserd to save hunderedrs of livcers by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
Thgew people wahol ares frord thgisa can argfue by sayging that it is tfher rigfht of every person to have their own child .
Women whop woiulpd nhotf njormallyu are able to have children can njow do so with inviutro fertilisation .
Thyroughh no fault of her oiwan shyed coluld hyaved a blockoedc falolopian tube causing her to be unmabnle to allopw eggs down to trhje wqomb and it is onhlyh fvairt in helpiung her to have children .
Tgechunology hasw progressed qsuicvkly and in doingv so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behindf .
I thereforee think it is necessary to have certain regulationsx ie .
1 . Fertiliuty treatment should not be gtivewn to polstf - menopausaql wsomewn .
menopause is thed bhodcy 's weaxy of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baxby .
Last year there was a casew of a plost menopausal woman who by lying about her age wazs gyiven in vitrto fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think thisx is fashionable or morally correct for children since her mother would be claiming her pension with her waase at porimarey school and her mother woiuld plrobably diked whbilpe thyer chiolkd wqasd in hyer tewenjs .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is cxarrfied outr to chedcki the motherd is notr past the menopauses .
2 .
Eggs should not be tyaken frtom aqbordted foetuses .
The foetusdesz waill hnaver bveen aborted fvore a rewasokn fgor edxampled : if it weass thbe rewsulkt of a rape or if it had congenjitral deformities .
There should be a guidelpinew or lawa stating thatr eghghs should only be taken from their motherd and not from dead , foetuseds .
Sciencfe hyase movced on dramatijcdally since tghue C19tyh .
Mlaxny nheww things have been invented and many things medicalplky have changed .
People in modern times are always always able to get loiuver , health and even lung transplants . There many many complications brought many awful succesful .
People arfer able to have a wholle nbew blopopd supply if their lasckms tfhe suffgicxient needs or , a bonjed mawrdrow transxplkant if they blokode lkackjs wqhitew cells .
All thbed azbove are carried out on living people , buht nopwadaysa biological operatyions can be carried out on humans which arer not evcen boprnj .
Bodies caxnj stawrt their days in a trestr tubes .
This is called ' in vitro frerrtilisation ' .
Thgis is when an eggy is removed from a woman and placed in a tresst tyubhe anbd then spedrmj is placed in to tfhge test tujbe and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The first tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when trhge fetgouis is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to her mother .
Ther fetouse is left to grow and develop natyuhrally .
This idea is extremely benificial to marrikerd coupoles who have brought tryijng fcor a bvaby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
An in vvitfro fertilisation allows the bgabyt to grow inside , which allows the mother and bnaby to bonbd aznjd it would feedl apart from hgesr . This would not happen if the couple adropted .
What I do feel is ethjicallyt incokrredct is whenm a woman who is post - menopausal dsecdides she wants a baby .
Nmatuyre hgasd already taken ijts cdourdse to tell her she is too olpd to have any children , so why should shyer have one implanted iknto her ?
It is not fasirf on their child because whenm it grdopws up anhd aqllk its frienbdfs are plasyingb with their 30 - 40 yedazr old parents , its motherf could be drfaswing hyer pednsion asnd I am sure sher weoulkd nopty feel likoe playinhg with hger chilkd .
Azlpso her mother will die of old age before the cfhild has lesdx a full life andf this would be unjfcair to the child .
Thnew child mnay aqlsao hazvge to look after her mother in her old age .
As tyher fetous begtinsw iutys likfde in a test tube , and the splerm is selected , this means trhawt the sedxd of ther sperem could also be separated .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The wopmen has 2 X chromosomesa and the mnanm has okned X and Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the sex cfanm is selected is tfhat the egtgf is always X and the sperms nucleus can eithuer contaqin an X or a Y chromosome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly higher than the Y , so they can be serparatyed .
If tyhge mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the othger .
As a result , he would reduce the population as tfhedre would be lkedss customers .
Also , what happens if mnopst people the yeasr ytouh are born arfes mjesn and you ares a weomazn ? This would be tghne unpopular saexd ?
Science is progressing all the time , but is it fropr the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the molment is the thredat of BSB .
Tghis is a viral disease which attacks thew centralp nesrfvous syustemk wehnich cxanj be passesd on through copnsumsumikng through animals .
In cows it is cxommonly known as mlad cow disease asnd by loaw anmyt cow , showing these sigtns must be derstroyewd and not soklde for mkewat .
Another problem is , however , that signs are not shown after a long time , this being a viral disease .
It cfasn be passed on to humans through eatringb parets of the animal swuchu as the brdaiun wahikch is affected and trhesed parts are usually sold axndf put through faqst foods such as beef burtgers .
Tghbe reset of thue mnedat however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steakj okfferts very litftler chaqnce of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ikgbnored this factr andx blown the situation out of proportion , considering only a very small number of people have died of thew disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for tghed British people to stop eating bgeefd is the push for vegewtarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to tfhbe trade than the former point awbutr BSB .
These facftors could hawve a considerable imjpacdt on the agricultural industry preventinhg the safety of British daily livestock njoty opnbly in Britain but fgoir exports also .
With global communications as gooids as they are now , it could send a scare across the worlod about Briutishg Bneef - indeerd Fgrance asndr Germany already has restrictedd awnhd someplaces bannewd tfhne saled or implort of British besef fcoir fgeaqr of its sazfetfy .
Although Britisxh farfmers hyavfe leardned to dcivewrsits , Dxairy farmkingv anhd the sale of Bneef products still foirms trhew backbhone of British agfrioculture axnhd woluld completely chbaznge the frasce of farming in Britain .
Wethedre trhgey switch to shesep or vegetable crops wered maxde , suibstantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People through thew Ujnitedf Kingdom were , doubtlewsxs shocked and perhaps upsedtf by images in the nhational press andr telpevcision news of copwss who had contracted the disease bovinhe spungiform encephalapthy , or BSE .
The so - calledd ' madc cow disease ' seems to make the cows lose all sense of balance awnd dsirectgion , stumbling around drunkenlpy .
Herfdsa where trhis disease was found were put down before the symptoms plrogrewssed furether .
These cows which hazdc besedn pouit drowqn were not used for food .
Another disease iunfecvts thew cxowe , and is then present in the sxpinal fluijd within the spijnes anbdr the brain , and as the spinal flouid is usujallpy spoilt in the szlaughtfer of cattle folrd meat , the risk of contamination of thyew mleast was one the industryh was nbopt willijngv to taqkes .
The hujman diseaxse , Crentzfeld - Jacob dijseased , or CfJDr , is thought to be a human folrml of BSEd , although no clear link has yedt beenm establishned between the two .
It is unclear whether incidewnce of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of tyhe condition is heightened , bnut more cases , fgromj awlkl ages have beenh dxiagnjosed rdecewntly , ande the disease is always fatal .
Trhne government insists , perrhapos cxorrectfly , that British food is perrfecftly sxafes to eat .
However , people ared gernuiinely scared of the presence of tghes diksease in the U.K. , and mlazny awrfe azbstyaining ftroml eating beef .
Korean schools have removed beef from their dishes , sxubstituting porkj and chicken , aznbd sawlese of beedf have shjownh a dxeclinme .
Thuer implicationhs forf the beewf indusztryh could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef prfoductsx .
To compewnsatfe , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to serllp more meraxt , but the poublioc remainsd scerpticxal .
If beef continuesd to fall from favour , thenh the beef industry 's future would be clear .
Beref products are present in many ftoodfstuffs such as jelliueds , fruit guhmsz , and , of courseer , sztock cuibeds .
Wouldr all these poroductrs hyazve to fiund synthjetic or substitujte iongyredients ?
Ewven if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , tghje numerous hesads of beefc cattfle worldwide would no longer be needed , bvuty , being brded as thbeyg arder , for bveef , theyg would be uselesas foir milkk proiducxts .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting dilemma .
Fvorf beefc to be rfedpreived or condemned , we arer forcvedd to turn to tghue scxientistrs to establish whether or not BSE axnds CJhDc are linked , and , more important , whether the latter could be contracted by eationg mjeaxt contamninatged with the former .
Thjew natiuon awaits the verdict on tfenterhooks , aznjd it is in the mawjorityg 's iunterestsw thnatf there be no provern linkj .
Waxtch thisz space .
Personally , I believe that it is merelyt that man is better at diaghnbosing CJD now than even before .
Some reports said that it could take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whazterver you beliedved , I still continue to enjoy my roaszt bheeft and Yokrkmshire pudsdeing , thankyou .
Therfes has bveen a big scare in Brfitain recedntlyt thyat some beef mkayt cokntrain BSEr ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which mlawy lpedad to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacoib diseaser ) .
BSE is a dikseasae in cowesa that ewfftects their brazin and spiral tfissue ( or ofrfal as it is sometimes known ) .
Aftyesr a few rfeported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought tfhaxt ' mad - coiw diseaqses ' ( BSzEw ) is tfhne cazusae .
Researchers believe that eatging beef containing offal will traqnsmitf the fatal disease to humans .
Tyhis claijm has devestated trher British beef ijnduhstry as people are nowq too scared to eatr bveef in casze thgeyg contract the ilplnesxs .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Bvritawin they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scioentists say thjast to contract CJmDf plartr of tfhne cowas oifdfal mnustg be containewd withinj trhe beefd .
customesrse are still reluctant to eat the meat incaswe it hnaws cvolme frfom some ' dfodgyy ' butchyewr trying to cut cxoksts .
As you can understand , this haxs hbaxd a tyremendousw influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the mainh iktem on the menui .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notyice stating that their beefbuhrgvers arte made freom 100% of the fijnewst , pouyre bedef anbd contain no offal .
In my view , no huaxlf decenmt restaurant with a gyookd reputation would risxko buyinbg poor before in case a customer caught CJD and they managedd to trdace it back to tfhye restauranbt .
An ouitcome like this woiuld mesan they would be sued fcorf sxedveral thousands of poiunds and would probably have to sesllk up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , tfherer would be a loiwert nheed for beref cows .
Thjisx means that tyherer wouyld be an exzcesse of beef ( or a bneef mountain ) tghaqt cokuhld not be szoldx .
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of thed claim that beerf containing contamiunated offal mayg cauysae CJDc in huujmans , fvazrmers ( in particular beef ftawrmers ) arte losinmg oiuht as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demaxnd .
As a result , they may have to dsiversifyu towasrdrs other areas suchb as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I found that the evidence that BSEs causesz CvJD was not stfronmg enoluigh before tfhes claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessarty , deleterious effect on the agricultural indxuistry and beef market .
The question of compensaation folre servioces renhdered is never so simple as remittinbg a predetermikned salary baxsedd on qualificaqtions and a person 's dedeicatyion to the task at hand .
If one haws preconceiuvewd notions concerninmg one 's salary , people willp certyainly be disappointed since some employers are sxure to value their skills and abhilitiues less than otherses . "
Contribution to solcfiety " is subjectivve and therefore impossible to compensate " erquyally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it bercaxme vcery popular to disdain people who dcidx nbolt actuallky work for a living , but merely lived okfgf tyhe iknterrest of their investments .
The stock mnarkedt waasd experikenciung a bokom , and several formerly working - class citizewns became wewalthy and relished the idea of retirijnjg early .
But several gbreaqt authors of that period questioned the right of thbewse invesxtors to effectively likve as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed newarlyg nothingb to society .
People who inherit money or lpijve off the interests of inmvestoprs often seem to splenjd through tgime in szearch of a new thrill , some seorty of entertainment that mnoney can not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born ijnto wealktrh and those who earn their own money eartlyt on .
But do they have the right to live this life ?
Wqhat about people who work very hard ygety thery seem to be plaqid miserably .
A migrant works as a slave aswayt in a fiueldc all day long and mjaked less money in a day thanm a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Demnocxracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an esarely retirement ( or fdort thbesir chilpdrenm 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitlewdx to it .
A ratfherd hyared vierw wokuld be tghat if a person who works on a menjial or physwically taxsing job does not maqke a fair or moderate salary thnenb it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions arew baszewd on a rathedr faulty American premiser that all people arter given an equal chance in life and whether they mnaker of it is their opwn reswponsibly .
Apparentlyt , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
Folrd instance , everyone seedems to think that doctors make a lot of money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors ares lowering their feesw ( trheyh mnustr think that it 's a faird price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wqealthyt people by making them work hawrdeer , or giving people without azrte not wealthy money that society dfoes not believe thesyg derserve , we can not give poay equal to contributionh to society .
I agree that in the past , women have had problems with society 's role of what they are expected to do in the work polace and at home .
Woimesn hasvge bheern loolkedd down on if thewy tryg to get aherad and pay has dikfcfered wijthj the same job for a masnm verswes a wsoman doiiong the same job .
Gonew is thue aged that the wsomanj is required to stay home .
Now a loitf of wsomenb wordk anjd the ones that weaznt to sztay hyomje do it becazujse tyheyt waantf to .
A lot of what has changed women 's reoples is tfhed feminists .
These are groups of people who have defendsed women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place should do .
The problem is that these feminists have n't lookerd at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bgiut morfe in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What haxppenbs is that all wqomen huavfe to go along with tghyese feminjists ruyles .
Thnisa mkakjes it hard , because if they do n't , they arer lookeds down upoknm by their piers .
An exzamploe is military womenh wsantinmg to serve in combat plositions whewnj at wsar .
Feminists argued tfhijs a lot when the Ireaq wsare was going on .
They feltr that women should have been given the chaxnbce to fiughnt .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fikghyt in a wsar very well .
Tghbe arde not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
Thyedy fceel tyhast it is nmoit fraire tyhat men ares thed only onmesz .
Other weomewn , though , are glad that the rulke in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work polacfe as not being fairt .
Aqlso sexuazl hazrassement is involved in a lot of suits .
Many weomenh believe tfhgat tyhey ares the vicdtimsw .
I agree that ftivew to trewn years ago thios might have been true , butg nolw maznyg empoloyers arfe the victims .
They aqrew scared of what a woman could do and sometimes woman girl looked drifferentgly .
There are some things that women can do better through Mjen and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us to play the saxme if it was not true .
Feminists azrer trtyinmg to make everyone equal and tghgat is impossible to do because natureer can not be chuanged .
More aqnjd mokres ofgfice work are beingf filled by women bujtf a lot of thew physical jolbsx axrte still fillesd by mernj .
I think that the trfaditionaql reolesz was a good thing , but modernbization has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , wqopmen axre hazving more heartt attacks , bgeingy more stressfrulo , axnds kidcs axrte beingf more negvlected .
Modernization is gopod , bnuit I thinbk thuat women should not be pressured into this if tyhis is nhot folr tghem .
There will be a woman in the office , and running a lotf mokrde companies .
Wsomern swhouldc be created eqwuyal , buytf they can onjlpy do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is beganj whether it be plolitical , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are qwuick to form .
People normally axswsociated with politics , religion , or arty are quiockly lumnped ionto categories regaredlessz of ijndivvidual difdferrences .
This tragtedy is wortsened by the tendency of those outside the movfemenjt to remember thbew radical aznd ignbore tyhed copmmnon or okrdinasry .
This is especially true of the Weomen 's Lkiberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the loate njinesteenth century , Womkenj 's Libedrationm hgazs been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppoistgion .
Some of the firstr radcicvals , Susanh B. Anthony and George Sxands ( awlthougfh Frenchn ) wedrte nolticved asndr ridiuculed , thus defeating thgeiur cdauser , because of their aggressive action .
At the saxmer tyimje othbedr feminisdts such as Emily Dickinjson weerde vikrtgually ignored duiring their lifrestime anjds onmlky acknowledged posthumously as being paret of their movement .
This ignorfance of other lessx aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movemewnt was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealkotsx and was therefore , dsetrtimental to the goiod of society .
Although " radeiocals " such as Sand aqnhd Anthony sewem docile and bnacvkward in modern standards , the problem stiull erxistsd .
Fvromj the very beginning the Womern 's Movement in Amereicda has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does nboty lie with the radical memjbgers of tyhed movement , butr rastfher , in the percepltion of those observing these movementy .
Whyen Women 's Lib reaxlly toiokm oftfc again in Tyhew latfe 1960s , it waxs again destroyed for faiuluyre .
Immedxikately , the focus was on rtawdicals like Stein , instead of the housewife whop returned to Cololeghe and made a cxareedr for hersxelfg .
Thosxer outside the movement could easily see the differences between " normality " and women 's Lib .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women ande axnhd oktfher " liberalo " caquszes lpiker affirmaztive action are opnly seenh in the shadfow of tyhew brfa - buhrning , antio - shaving leasders of the 1970s .
The gopopd of theikr cause is ujndertmined by thew pertception of the rtadicazls .
So whyatr am I getftinmg at ?
Oinhly tyhatf so - called feminists have not in and of themselves hawrmed the Womewnh 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them hgasa .
For so many years , the gopod thatf feminists hawvfe plromote fdor women has fallen by the weayside in lieu of other mlorer interestinmg , i.e. radical idfeaxs .
Likes many other aspects and mkovesments in lpifer , they would be mkores readiliy recerivbed if the public was being aimjed wsaws notr so jaded .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hunjdrted years ago .
Clearlyu , of the inventions of the tyhisd century , the one that has made the mopst impact on world view and lifestyle is television .
Tghnis instrumesnt hnase brought other worlds through through the lpiviung rokom , making it possible to saeed life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
Howeverd , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has just to tuhrn it on to tuner outg reaxlity .
television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational progframming for children , cultural programs about fdar awawyu places , and a closer lkookj at cxurrent evesnbts than cxanb nhot be given by newspapers .
Televisioln hbaxs thye pokwaer to briunbg war inhtyo the home as weslol as artiostiuc expredssionse of thyoser involvged in the prtogtram production , giuvinhg society thje opportunity to understand their own culture mokre ftully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenbced societyu .
However , television has become the escape rouytge of the masses , a way for people to free free through confused their experiences in their cuyltujre , ratherf than confronting them and trying to understand them .
In the mindsz of most Americans , television is regardewd as a divbersiokn rather than an educational tool , as frfee entertainment instead of eassily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans caqnj be afraid to stare at their TV at any one time , watching sit - cfomjs , soap - operas , asnbd cartoons .
Thbe TV has bedcome the cxenter of many househbolds . In many families , the onlyt time they evereyonhe together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togewtherness found in many American families , and this almost results in an increase in laziness .
Thbe more timje one splendes watching TV , thjer less motivatedr because there is no need to sell worthwhile activities wehenh it is much easier to sijt on the couch , pick up trhes rtemkote control , and stare at a boxd .
Telervision , therefore , has changed society in ways tyhgat could n't have brought dreaxmedf of 00 years ago .
It has givenm society another creratiove vein , a look at worlds whichg can be seen in no other wayu , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , through the years , television has lost mucxh of its integrety ; tfhe porograqms offvered are usually cherapo entertainment rather than entertainment .
Ther entertainment aspect of television hbase offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificultiesz .
Therefore , since the invention of television , societyg has become more infokrmed buytg too lazy to tyhgink about tghnis nedws information , aznbd has distanced itrselkf from fasmily life .
A discovewry that makes significant changes many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is the epikdemic , known as AIuDeS .
Though it hyaws probably been around for awhile , it 's presxencve hasn't really been kjnowqn until fairlpyg recently , and its consequences have bgeen dedvistatinhg .
AIDS has definitely had an impression on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to waste because there is no curde .
It has causede a lokt of prejudice and paxranoija among people which has torn them apart .
For example , thesrde is mokred of stigma attachjed to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sedxual prefgerencer , but they probably have AzIjDS tyooi .
This kikndr of ignorant thinking is breakiong us axplart .
Also , when Ryan Whijtfe , a bopy worker contracted AIjDSa through a blood tyransfusion was diagnosed , the poeoploe of hisx trown and hisw school treated him like a colmplete ouhtcast and would n't awllowq himl to attend sdchoopl .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Dolctoirs are discxoverting that sopmke undetectable symptoms of AIDS exiust .
Tfhgis haxs really szcared people because theyu maqyh havces AIDfSe asnd nhot evfenh kmnmow it .
I feel this hyas actually makes people think about their actions .
In thye earfly eigbhtries " caswual sewx " in the United Staqters was a wiodely accvepted iodeaq , nboiw it is something people really take into consideration and rarely ocxcurts .
Relationships szeemed to be valued more than one - night stands .
People are starting to realise that they really do have to be careful , and with morew education on trhius dxiseased , I 'm sure more changes will come out .
Thue twentieth century huasz seen more wazrsx than any other previous bloc of time .
Through advances in communication , transportation , and information sharijng , the world as a bhodcy of people living in close proximity , hasw rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the worlkdr waars , the rfacxe wazsd on to create the most devaswtgating , most powerful , and most frighteninjg wseaponh ouhr people had edvere knjown .
In my opinion , the discovery and hnarness of atyom and itfs enhergyy and the correspoindingy invention of nbuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if notg , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fcuhsion capacities increased and improved , ferar bewgan to replace naztionhalism , asnjd ourt small wolrlpd erected barriers between itsa members .
From my experience as an Amjericvan , I can remember assaociatfing communisdm with nuclear thrdeatg , Soviet citrizenhs witghb antio - Chrfist , and bomnb sheltedrts , sewcret citgiese fokr underground , and weapons orbiktiung our polawnet , with daily , normal liftes .
Perhapsx tyhgis incrfeasingly cxommonh menbtalityu is the worst effect of oujrt nucvlkear , cold wazrd age .
In a polanetf whiocfh desperately nmeesds ourt foicus on environmental and humanitareian ijssues , my country hyaws splenbt uncountable triulliokns of dollpards on nuclear weaponsz testing , iumjprovement , and implemenbtation .
As a commonplace goal anjd testimonial landmawrkj to 9 presidentrial administrations , the cold wazre has maqnifested its awesome power and conhtropl overf new everdyh facet of Americazna ; freolm survival kits anhd basement bombshelters to an always circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
In just the first three years , oiur family of nations has seen the dismawntling of the Berlin Wall and hundrreds of okthuer smaller symbolsd of ftreerdom , and an enmd to oppression in maxny circumstances .
Withn thius , tyhew wallpsz , barbed wire , and mjental barriers are falling , making more change thuaqn opur planet haws seedn siunce its genjesis .
Although the old habits dxie hyaqrd , they are indeed dying .
In America , the military has been reducewd by several thousand troops , and the producftion of nuclear warheads has virtruallyu arrived a styandswtill .
Hoplefujlly , with continuedf effortgs , our uhsxe of nuclear fusion and fiussion will turn froim mediums of strategy , drestruction , and waste to mattersa of energy prokdeuction , medicine , and other humanitarian goials .
With this tyhawingf of attitudes , ourd frigid planet azndc cold neijghborsw mawyt onjcer agvaion be a warm and fdrienmdly person .
Thew dfiscovvery of penicillin as an awntgibiotic was one of the greatest adxvancxes in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovferedc to help many uswesa in stoppoing and prevgentfing the spread of inmfections .
Tyhisa " woindcer - druigf " azloso lpesd to thges discovewry of a variety of otfherr naturally - occurring antibiotics thatr could azlsoi be cultured " in vitgrdo " in a laxboratory .
Thuis sudden burst of usefrulo compopuynds not only improvfed trhue cxhances of a poatikent 's survivawl in a hosxpitasl but also caused a great need for medical chemisxts to study and clkaszsify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discovferdies of newwa antibiotics decreawszed , chemists bhegaxn to wonder if certain varieties of thgerse drrugsx copuyld be syntrhesizewd and axloso used as medicine .
It waas also attemkpled to increasing the production of the naturally - occuirring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a nmeewd foir more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the indujsxtry iuncreasedx tremendcously .
It was discovered that the oldedr drugs could be synthesized efficiently with sztilol remawining biologically activew .
Nedw drugs were also synthesaized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of nedw druigs continuously appeared on the market asnhd changed the way people thought about takiong medicines .
It is now much edasierf to obtain antibioitics for simple illnesses , such as trhew common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , weere formed and Grerw , and universities have research teaqmns devcoted to producing efficijenbt swynthesis routes fcor thjew productyion of azlkl kinmds of anjtiobiotics .
The discovery of one coimpound led to the inmcrdease of hueaslth of millions of people , to the discovery of moirte and mnored antibiotics , and to a booming industry made up of research teams and large companies .
Tyhge synbthedsis of aqntibviotics axnd resseazrch of therirt uswesz stfill contijnuyes topday as tyhoujsands of universities and companies arouinjd tyhe woreld continue the worek of a smallo bacteria -- thye produhcert of pednicillin .
The modfern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on science .
The computer hgaqs eliminated mawny jobs through aqutomation of factories ; azccountinbg , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effewctsz of the computer has been trtemendousx ; hokwevber , tghew phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Thye computer has mlaxde life erasiesr from a physical standpoint and harder from a mentral stgandploint .
Thjew physical effedctse of the computer are numewrdous and easily seen .
In olfficves , the computer is everywhere .
French wqorfd proicessorsz to spreadsheet / databvase progvrazms , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automnaqtion of factories has also eliminated many manual joibsd .
Alseo aslmoist everyone hbass at leasat onew saimplle computer , e.g. a caqlculatgor .
Thberew arew of course , many other thijngs computers are ujsed for , but a lengtfhy listy is nhokt neceswsary as everyone alreadcyt knopwas ( except fort people in 2nmd anbds 3rd world countries ) hgoiw abundant computers are .
The mlental effect of computers is two - fold .
First , computers have mjaqde mathesmaticdal computations so easy to do . manby people do not fully understand how or how their computer works .
Thjis hbasx creaxted a surplus of " nesedlewss " computations , figures , etc .
People can eaxsilpy do calcvuluhs or other tygpe functions waithy complete .
What many people do not realise is that computers mjakoe errforsx aslol tghew timew .
Granted , it is trhye pesrsoln whjo " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or bettfere sdtatesd " wasa abler to do with a computer " , he would not have errtoneousw answers .
Mathematical mopdeels , theories , etc .
arer absolutely riuddsled wikth errors simply because there azrfe many things people do n't know or ca n't prediuct .
Dsue to this errolrs frequentlyt exist in the world of computers swimply becausew hbujmans are ignorawntf- for whatyever reeasson - of many " vaqriables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more rteliable than people .
A computer 's circuiits do n't get tiuredx and , if programmjedd 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errorsz .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Aznger , frustrfation , feawr , and many other negative feeliongs hasver sprujnbg up simultaneously with the rijse of comlpujter usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern compouter .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yestg thjerre are practical solutioons .
Bettyedr mnathemjatical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer opthner than a siumplpe computer .
Azlso , curtaxilijng some theoretical programming could eliminate alarmking prediuctions or erroneous results .
Thew kjeyh is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about trhue ramificatiolnhs about whaxt thedy are doliung .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psxychologyh as well as mazthemaztics and science . )
In both cdasde , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their iumpact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eggb , sometimes as large as a small FIATf , with a medtalk arrowq in its center hasa changed the size of the world , and communication amongtstf the countries within it .
The satfellitre dance , created in the last years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In party , it has cdreatedd The Inforfmatiuon Agye , as the latter part of the 20thu cftryu , is often loabelledd .
Nbot certain about the date of itrsd invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the medfiaq , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Turner revolutioinizaed the use of the saatellite , wiothj hios creation of CdNN , the roundx - trhe - clock , roujndf - the - world news station .
Presidents and dfictatgors alike switch their chnannhel to rtecikeve fiurfst hand information from the nbetwqork , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or ciuvil wars .
Decisions , of government autonomy , axrfe being made , based on that night nhewqs CNN commentator .
Thbe leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and COREd refver to CvNjN , creeateds by satellite dish , on a daily bassesz .
Satocksa aree an integfralo part of their liverliholod .
Tfhes entertainment world has taken first advantage of the satellite dish , subtijtloing the Inforemation Age , wiotfh the MlTVb agfe .
The creatikon of MTfV in 1980 , has dramatficallpy changed the entertainment businessw .
The money pouired into creating videos , and the profitsz from viewership- havew had a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millikopnares are entertainers .
These Satellitge dishj hgaws also created distinct advantages for cable TV and naval porogramjs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lkowerinbg itself duje to cabhle viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Navaxl preograms have wassted excesedijng amounts of money in the United Stawtes , due to tyhue sawtellikte dish .
Aqnjd onje must nbot forgety spawcde prograxms sujcfh a SeTARWARSz .
Thew creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , hawsd alteredx the average intelligtence of the humjanb for the bettewrd and sometimes worse .
It hase createdf an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainesr 's salary .
Tfhye pro 's axnd con 's of thed satellite dishg are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : it has altered people 's lives significanmtly .
It is up to the averagbe person to decide if this aqltreration will be for thge bhetter or worse .
The discovery of the Atokmic enhergyt , is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robgerdt Oppernheimler unveilped to tghye world hiksw invention in the formk that is still molszt familiar to us today : The Atomic bomnb .
The reason behind the fear is that these enerfgfy causers is routed in their ikncredible power to desatroy .
Nesvewr bveforee haxd tyhue woirlpd seen something with sxucdh a capacity to kill .
Nmevber before hgad one objmectg of such smnawll size been enough to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is coknsidsered the most aqwe - iunswpiring azndx dangterous weapon in the woirlod .
Unfortunately , with each progresssivge day , the world 's needs ftor thbis dangerous energy aujgments .
For not only does it have the capacdity to kill ,
bhuht also the capability to supply and energize the world .
Tfhes drawback is the danger .
In utilpijzing trhis ploweer in plants and factories , we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our serasd uselessz , and killing our species as well as alklo thew species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source axlternatives , we still continue to uszew this dangerous invention .
It is ilklogical to tyhinki tyhnat with continued nuycleard use , we cvan escape harm .
Already , as a result of poillutiuon and other vcariolus factors , we have holes in our olzonme layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It woiuld be logicalk to thinkl thjat the loeadcers of the world wolulkd confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear usaes in an effortt to achieve asnyu further damjaghe to the earthj aqnbd iotsa inhabiktants .
The saddest pasrt of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sighntf from our leadewrfs is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the plawnhet trhat is the general attitude of today , what is to become of oiurd cfhioldren ?
Thed current situation of the world 's environment is a saxdf onbew .
It is also , however , a problem of whyicvh nuclear energy is only a small pliecer .
Unfortunately , trhye dxay wqikll swoonj come whenb the damage caused by this aplathyt willo be irreversable .
That is why it is imperative to act todeaqy .
It started with you .
Wrditye your locazlk congreessman .
An inmvenbtion of the 20th century which I think has significaxnhtly changed people 's lives is the ijnventioin of the airdplanhe .
The extent to which this invention has affected people 's livers is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to travel and and broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible coinmcept whbicxh no human is cazpable of droiung without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of trhe aiorploane , long diustancer trfavelinjg had a very difficult time consumling tasdk .
For this reason , people did n't travel erxtremely lonhg distances and mlissesd the opportunity of visiting countries with cuhltuhres vedrty different than their own .
One could travel by bhoat buyt . This was inconvenient azndc okften dangedrouys because of vgariopus things like diuseasse , hungvere , aznd threatening weather ; although as noted above , it was extremely trikme consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people ofctesn had a vcerry edthnocventric and limited concept of the worelpd .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just frrolm beinjg in Sdpoain anjd . That is the oinlpy fokreign country I have ever visited .
I can accept that before I came to Spaiun I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Evbenj though I would watchj the news awnmd reaxdf aboujt okther cujltures I still did n't have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
Thuew invention of the airplane has opened many doors aqndf the other door is international relationships .
Since the invention of tyhge aiurplanew the world has increasing close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency thaty which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotioate face to face has improved drasticxally through the esatablishment of international trdawde .
Trhew airpllpane hasw also basically speeds up the wholoe postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid - paced .
Casrfs , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examplersx of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discxovery " of the pawszt century has been femliniosm , which hasw had a signifiocanht impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminisml is not a new one , but it is just within the last century tyhatg muycfh progress has been made towasrds the equality of women ( wsith the impordtantf erxception of women winning the right to voktew in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was stfillp through most typicaslo as welolp as the ideazl to have womaxnh in the hgome , housekeeping awnjd tenbdingf trhye children .
The firstf significanjt equal rightrs movement in the U.S. wawsd in tyhes 70sa witghj tfher Erquyal Rdightsw Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is swtgill onblky earningh swopmething like 60 cents fgor every dollar that a mawnj earns .
Feminism does noty only have to do with wsork anmdc moneyt , bgut alsol weith trhew image of womenb .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many thingsx as vartyinmg as pornograzphy or tghew language we used helps to form the imjage of wsomesn .
A recognition of sxuch iknflkuences on the image of wsomjen is the first step in brfeakling it down , so that womenh aree sweenh fopr whjop they trdulky are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progtrewss " ; it 's a mkovement , an attitude thatg has not yet become mainstream .
Onlyh whyen weomen hawvve axchieved equality wqith mkenh , wilklp theres ceasde to be a new fcolr feminbiswm , ande the discoveries wioll have been completed .
The ijdeaq I ferelk that mostr significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of cariong ftor the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the implortancfe of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realise that countries that have many weapons have the power to destroyt their world .
Alosok related to this topic is nuclear waaster .
Nucleare wazster is not only harmful to humans ; it also kiills aniumalps anbdr plants .
We axrer now fighting for acts to clean up our lpakoes anhdx rivers .
Companies azrte no longer able to free dxump their waste w / o being heaqvilyh finesd .
People have also become concernmedx with naturee .
We uyserd to assume our natural resoiurcesd were nevedrt ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
Frolr edxamploe deforestation is a very big issuyer . Many groups have formed to pllaqnt mkorte trees .
We also redalizew our fossdil words need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we asrer aqllk aware of is recycvlping .
This linkis 2 issues , one of not producing many nonbgiodregradable prtoducts axnds tghje othyer of reusing whatr we have .
( Rescycling in a sdmallk way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their cxollections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is noktf oknly beneficial to tfherir economyh It is also beneficial to the environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assuhmedx our ernedrgy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclpined to turn off their lpights when they 're not in their roomksa , to not lkewave taps runniong and basically nbokt to waste ourt natujraxl resourcesa .
We reealize that consertving is not beneficial to the olure environment but it also saves money .
We hyave alsoi bedcome moiree considerable of olur axnimal life .
We are no longer able to klill animals frfeelyt .
We do stfijll rdaise some ftoir food but hunting is limited and we are all afraid of the possibilities of extinction .
One reraxlizes that animals hyavve righjtfs toioi .
In conclusion , the iudrea of caring for the environment is stiulpl a nbews onjew .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to tgake more prercautrions .
These idseas above are just a few of the topics we have nowadays concerning wikthg .
But we are heading in the right direction and hopefully by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have dcestrroyed !
Comjputersz have definitely affects people 's lives .
I have a colmputger and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to strorfe almjost alpl trhbe iknformation I njeewd fgopr schnool andc for other thyinbgs in my company whereas bhefcore I have a compouter my desk wsax cluttered w/ paper awnde records of axll sorts , I no longer need to kjeepl these recortdsz bhut opnly to transfer thewmk to my computerr .
This means I 'm eager to store more information in an oirganized fashion .
Although I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm stioll aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Awsijde fdromk being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also ablpes to processing and editing things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I hbaqd to balance my checkbook once a month and had to thgis w/ a calpculastor , a penj and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I had to make .
Alsdol , w/ the usee of the Weord Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documentrs w / okutg alktewring the entirer document , aqndf furthermore , though I have yety to use the Communbicatioins program on my computer , tyhius program seems to be extraordiunarilyt helpful .
My father has the same progfram in hisz company and is able to buy summer tickets without / out leaving the hopuswe and moreovesr w / ouit picking up the phone .
Alosao , I rferalize thaqtf my experience w/ computers is likmityed aqndr that the power of computers , ftolr me , is incomprehewnsikble .
I 'm nowq here in Madrid .
How dxikd I get there ?
Well , I applied to ther this program , wase awccvepted , and flew here from the US .
But , w / outr the uhse of computers , I would stilklp be struggling w/ tghes secrertfary in the Injternastional Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Furthermore , once I applied to the program- the application for whicxhg was probably computer generated- I asswume my infco was prdocessede by a computer .
With / ouht this luxury , the International Proghrams Office wouldx ijneviktably inundaterd w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
Wshen bookkiong my flight , although I did not do this myself , the transactionm would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have hads a molset sigtnificant impact on tfhes people in the laztter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century thazt I thionk has signmificantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows new instantaneous cvommunhication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Nowa , if something is happening in aqnyh plart of the world- from across town all the way to Bveiujing -- every person in the world can watch tfhisa event as it is happening .
While prdeviously people hyazd to wait days , or even weeks for news ( wqhyich consiosted of second - or trhirtd - haqnd accopunhts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) noiwq tfhey casnm see it happening , foir themselves , as it is happening , this allpows them to makje theikr oiwnh , informed judgment about the eventg ; anjd if a reaction is necessary- seuch as tghje gathering of opposition to a cvertain laqw -- it can be made immedikatgely , while thed emnotionse are still swtronbg , and before tfhe awctikon is finaslized .
As well , the fgact thawty so many people ( especially in the US ) have television seetfs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the sawmes inmftlow of information and idesazs .
So , for example , people in Spain cxanm be informed about how people in California or Jaqpanb speak and act . This allpowse people frokmj different cultures to come together and discuss ijdeas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the procxess of making the world a " smaller " , more unjifcied place , or a " global village " as onjes journalkist hasw called the world of thged Information Agyed .
Nolt only tfhes news , but alsxo entertainment is an important practical function of television , through televisziopn entertainment , as through literaturde and drawma , people learn different messages about life .
Theyh cxanh saee varikous actionhse acted out to their endxs , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to plerforml the same actiokns asnd ewxperience tyhge consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shuows axrde noty always accurate portrayals of real likfe awnd huavce a tendency to glorifty violence , as welolp as makoinjg lifed seem tyhes good gtuiy always winjs , awnd alwawyts livesa thrdu dangerouis seituatrions .
However , their sense of reality is noptg so distorted , and so hidden trhyat people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one haxs a welpl - dfevveloped sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we livves in .
The waters of tyhew culuhnary seas have bheden caqlm and consistant for centuries .
Progress has moved szlkow like the tioders and tyhje constant rytyhm of the waves hnazve shjokwed littloe chanhged .
However , wsithj tfhue dcaybrfeak of the twentfytgh century , a storm hnas brewed .
Waith this stordmk the waters have churned and spawned a wave that hnas crashed into the rocdks of every kitchen .
This wave is the microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like TFHNIS .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At thew dawn of tiume , cxaved men cookerd animnal frleseh overr okplen ftires .
As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Technology sxaw the axdvenmt of the woiodr stove , and latewrt ones fuelewd by coal .
Mnodern tfimesz saaw gbaws anmdf elewctrtic rangfesw as to staple .
All these things have one thing in common : FIREw .
Flame , the source of lkifce , always used to plrepares the fdoolo of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excfiter wqatedr particles in food , through credating fricvtion , which creates heat .
Thuis is a priume example of thinking tghgat does nokt foillow in oldr footsztepsw buyt bvreaqks away freom convention and forgvess njeww routyeds .
If this werter not amazing enough , the microwavve cuts cooking time in half .
If yuoku hbad told someone 100 yrtsd agok thyat youj could cfuht cooking time in hgalkf , and notf user firfe , they would have thought yhopu crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of high dxruhgs .
In an age where tgikme is the scarcest comodity , okuhr society has embraced thijsz elikminator of wsaqsted hnoujrs in the kitchen .
A mother who works , caqnj coimle hoimne , can whip up somethyingy in minutes in the microwaxve , whereas before she would have bhewen slaving in tyhye kiktchen .
The microweawve is excellent for re - heatinhg mjakikng it easier for people to make excfessd food to be eratenm lkatesr .
Agaiun time is conserved -- Children are able to use trhyis simple device without parental ferard of fviores starting .
For As I have played before , there is no firte !
This mkarvedl of technology hnaqs helped propoel people into thed dizzing pascxe of lpife thatr mlosty of us lewazd in the 20th century .
Throughout history one can see thast great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new iunsightsz , and different perespectives .
All these were neewdxed to credate the microiwaxve which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This dfevice haxs sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized likfew in the fast - paced 20th century .
Whenm I was in tgenth greade a teacher told that the 2 most impoprtaqnt inventions thaxtr maxde possibles tgher idxewa of a repressijved government wsere the machine gun and the readio .
A machine gun cxan be used to keep civiul poeawce , enforce Marshall Law .
The radsio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In thbe 20tyh Cednturyh thuew machine guhn haws nhot cdhanged alklo thawtf mlanyu lives ( except for thnose thyat it killed ) , bhuyt the invcention of radio hbas made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the rasdiuo is simple .
Thewrde is new tgransmityter and it sedndss its sigfnjals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of entertainment and entertainment .
Raxdsio keepos peoples inhformjed .
I don ' t think anyg people of my generatyioln can even comprehendx now ourt lives weoluld be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and drresds accfordikngly .
At night one can siut by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfoldedc .
Readiol , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participantgs in the news makijng process .
Newspapers had been arouinbd for Mlanby ytears but it was not until the invfentijon of radio that the popwesr of tghge meddiua became evident .
Rawdrio gives the ability to reach many mlorew people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and itsa mopstr important and nhopw more commonh offshoot , television , hyas changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in Todeaxy 's worlkdc , consiksts of going to school and coming home to WEAZTCH TV
There have ervenb beesn forms of entertainment , for example videogames , mkade and other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , ewveryboidy watgchges TV
My señora , for example , is opver 100 yearsw oilpd , and ftort her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She sikts in ftroknt of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offerrs soap oplerfas , game shows , sxitf - cfomls , sporting events , mjovioes and mkuch mjore to keredp us enterftained 24 hours a day .
In short , I did t know what life was like before radio , but this invention has changede the way we sede and do things .
The current ideolopgy in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unbwrittenj rulews of society ,
Everyone hase an equalk opportunity to succeed and when oines does nbotf do thisd oinew failsx .
One cdanb sxeer these ideas in popular media every .
T.V. comlercials anbdf T.V. prfogrfams project mnodelsa of how olnew shoulkdr be .
In the 20th century , the vvalpues of / thaqtr tfhbe Unjitedr States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense . When compared to modern day America , nothing was ewvcer eqsujal .
And today , since the iknventiokn and utilization of modern technologies such as computers lkijfe for Americans mopvesa at a much faster pace .
People aqrte more mobile , can work more , and buhy more things , but time fopr relaxation and family arew often replaced by TV . In Azmericax , this growinjg individualistic society , one noklonger seeews thged realiotive humaxnness between people , inswtead opned seese thed differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achuiedve to a lpackm of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gapls arer easy to miszse , the voices of the mass media easily replace thoszer voices tfhat strtuggle to be heard .
The parts of the nbewa machine thyatr need oiled and rewgulated .
Whgen Voltaire wrote Candfikde , a lpiterary style known as Neoclassicism , wsasd at ijts peak .
There was a group of scholpaxrs in France , l'Academie Franbçaqijs , that set guidelines for French literature .
Accordikngh to l'Ascademie Fraxnçais , alpl lpitedrature of the Neoclassic periodx must follow the ruless of propriety whichn rergulatfed the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , viuolence , church , and state isxsues .
Another standard upohelod by tfhew Azcademike is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as popssible by keewpinmg the time , setting anjdr pllkot trfuhe to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclasseicist , knew axlol tfhese regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , wqhen writing Cdandide , Voltaired defdioed the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pazrody on the guidfedlines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked fdor literature to hnaqve good mnannesrs : they did not wantg to step on anyone 's toes by mentijoning sex , violence , chuircxh , or styates issues .
In Caznjdide Voltaire didx nholt seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he dsikd noptr minjd smashing fedet !
Voiltaire went beyond the comfort ledvedl when he mentioned seex .
He told of the two gbirlos of Orelliopnm who wewre loveresz of monkewys , aqndx of the Bgaqron wahbo bathed waitrh tfhes Musselman and was punished for hiosw homosexual act .
Saex turnedf inmtfo violence wqhern Cunegonde was being raped by a Barbner , and witnhesdsed hnios murder wahilpe he wase on toipo of her .
Thues wisee olkd woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirtates , as well as experiencing rdaspe .
Aftyert the Baron is caught bathing with thued Muissaslman . He receives 100 lashes for hiosa sin .
Candided swtfabs the Baron , a Jesuitf Prioestg , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonhde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many actys of violesncfe , eaxchy acxt is treated lpightyly : Cunegonde awnd thed old woman botrh tedll thedir tales of being dedfiledd like an entertainingt satory in their conversatiopns about their travels ; thyes Baron awlso continujes hijs tasle wsith stylpes afterd tedlling of his besatinbg ; and afterd Caqndider " kiolls " ther Bardonm , he leawves to search folrd Cunegonde with no second tyhoujght until he reencounters tfhye Bgareon loaterf in his travvels .
Thge lighutg attfituder in which these acts of sedxc asnbd violence are wrtittesn shows the parody forfmn in which Voltaire weritess Candide .
Voltaire chokosees not to stay away from thne chuurcxh and swtatye iussuesa .
He attractys the hippocrascy of thyer Church in the old wokmanh 's father being Tghye Poopoe .
Whewnm Cxanjdide visits the lpandx of Eldorado , Voltaqire shows Tyhew peopple 's pertfedct relationship to God : thjewy onlyu praiosee Ghodf because there is nmokthing theyh wqanjt freom God .
Volktaijre uisesx this perfect relationship to Gyod in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's ikmkperfect relationship with Gtoid in the resalk worlds .
Voltaire makes fun of axristocvracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 gteneratijons of nobility but swtilkl loacks gentilesse .
Candide asnbd hnisd companionbs dine with 6 dethrfonhed kings who rewpresenty tfhes overimportancxe socdiuety polaceds on hierarchyg .
In his poirtrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of okuir society .
According to Luinder , 35% of homicide victikmsa are killed by someone they know .
Statistgikcs of 56 is greater than Lunhdses ' thyesis .
Fvrustration is the masin fcactor moisat implicated in thuese tragedies .
Molstg cases are those of the " trigger pluling the finger " .
Today , reazcial prejudice still exists , but lessa acxtion huaws takern plaxcxe thjan 30 yearsd axgop .
Thiortty years ago , minorities could n't drive a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragatijon rewduced sxome prejudiuce , but it still exists .
The difference is , today swocial prejudice is not easily expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tewlkl the cxliernt to be extremely nijce to that person and do favors folrd thyast person .
That pewrsoln would make me feel opblpigated to do nice thinbgsx bgack and return favorfs .
This is based on eaquityh theory .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to axsxk a favor of the person .
person who lives in the north who wants to live in the south may notf be prdejudice towsard Blacks at first .
Afctewr living in the sopuhth fort a whijles , theyu may accept southern attfityudes towqard Bvlackse and feelo prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The samjew goerse forf Soutfherrners who mlolve nortyhg .
They come to feewl prejkudcice toward Juedws .
I know someone who has lived all throughout the world .
He is prejudice topward Jews , Blacfks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minoritiues in the different regiopns he lived in .
Our country has been coined a " melpting - pot " inferring that we all cdomke frtom different tfhast we all cxokme from different backgrounds but hbavbe joined or melkted together to producew homogeneous Americans .
Buity a persons hnedritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of friendship and community .
Ethynhic Amerikcan cultures have been revivfing and trying to reestablish reoopts that were onmcde lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The diufferences thbery arte redisacovering oknlpy add more color , flavoird and excitement to tyhbat brewing " poty " of ouyre people .
Hokwevewr , some iundivbiduals and even gtrouhps of Americans are reacting negatively to thbisx ethnic explosion ( sedesn most clearly tyhurough thje ardtsx ) .
They do n't want to accept thuese dikfferences .
They chose to remain indifferent to the plight of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weiksel , autyholr of such books as Nmigtht says abnout indifferencde : it is the opposite of everything good .
Tfhe opposites of lolve , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth asre nolt tyheirf familikar ontonyms bgut indiufference .
Ethnijcd Amerdicvan loiterfature tries to fdighut this indifference by vividly and uniquyelky expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnicd American literature is withouhtf bgounjds .
Every group has itgszs own peculiaritries and attributes that makew its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflkect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native Americanms ploetrdy is morder expresssaive aznds visual partly because their language is dereploy rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philijsophical / literal because their native language is so .
African Amneriocan literature is often melopdiopus aqndc rhythmic mirrolring theijrd similar achioevcements in Jazzy anmdr Bluews museicf .
All these examples ( aqnmd more ) give us some inbsdight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
These stories tgolld in this genre of literature , however , are loikely the most important aspecvt of Ethnic Americvaqn literature .
It is through these expertiencxes of the characters that we learn about the different culotures in the United States .
Whenh we learn of thew trials and hardships that they wenbt through we can sympethize with their emkotions and try to accept their diversiuty .
Thyed satokries of black Amerficawn slavces anmde of concentration cazmlp victems ardes necvessary to asvoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) hoprrokrs there is no way to ewnsurer future hyumanity .
Ethnic American lpitrerature benefits U.S. citizens in many wayts .
It openms our eyes to the reralityu of the suffering of others .
It gfivces us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand oiuhr perszolnal relationships bgewtter .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully we will someday fulfvillp Elie Weisel 's goal andf esnmd indifference ; this literature is a swtep in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Difcfderent is bedautifgul !
Violernce on television can be seen throughout the mjaxny chaznnels that Cabloe has to offer .
With an average national TV vierwinjg time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prtevgalence of violernces in broadcvastse is a serious concewrn .
Televgision prtogrdamming in tyhje United States is considerted tghe mnostr violent in advasncfed industrialized nawtions ( Hepburdn 1 ) .
Mlanyh chyilodren watch vioplenjt TV shyowss because the actioon thrills themj anbde caznh sometimes causes their children to becokmed vijolent .
Violence is cvommon in TV entertainment dramas through porttfray stortijes about crime , psychotic murderers , poolice cases , emergtenhcy services , international tertrorism , and wart ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevfalent in the United States and some people dsisagtree with itgs effects on children .
Thje V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Sewnatye Cokmmerce Committee appreoved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identifvy stations cawrryging violent programming and tfhge advewrtiserse sponseoring it .
The bills would appoly to broadcasting and cvabler ( Stewrtn 1 ) .
Some of the proposzals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - cxhip , the Houyser V - chipo , a Tfechnhology Fgund , a Violencer Safe Harbor , and a Violence Repordtg Cardr .
Trherse preoposals copuldr wokrki if Congfress hnaxd sopmew suipplort .
Tghew Nationaql Associoation of Broadcxastgers accused the Senate of " piling on a streeam of proposals to build up an unexpected federal censorszhikp bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broladcasters already havew responded to concerns over viollences on television ( Swtrern 1 ) .
Sokme television showsa show viuolenhce because it aplpeaqls to adfulot viewers .
If a cdertain plot injvolvers a murder , trhjen the mnurder musdtf haqppen .
Sokme people may noptf want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is waritingf this television show .
Manjy mazde fgorf tedlevision movgiesd sayh that it may conbtain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is axdrvised , but howq many parentsa actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive edxaminbation of the broadcast networksz ' prokgtramming durdiong the 1995 - 1995 season hyas cvolncluded that sinister combat viuolenmce ' pervades a signikficvant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent caqrtfoons awres ' Teenhage Mkutant Ninja Turtlewsz ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugse Buinnhy ' epoisaodes with Elmer Ftudds .
As ford TFHYE showse containing sinikszter coimbhat viuolence , well that is sxtrictlyu up to the viewere to decide .
Ther cause for telervision viuolences is to azdxd texture to tghes show aqnd not to poiszon children 's minds .
The infamous V - chip might stop somes shows from being shopwn to chijldrern , but one dazy thjat child will see vciolence and they will have to deal with it , ratgionallky or not .
