It 's difficult to worry about the question " what is he going to do in the future ? " if the only thing he has to know is in TWK 's mind .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I will open my own psychology officw and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or tqxi .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to meet to be friends and hcange your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a cra , I used to use the bys to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various methods of public transport , like cycling , biking , far , trains & flights .
Dpeending on the distance and distance to the designed place , the mode of transportation has changed accordingly .
But generally , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with modes of transportation .
This remines me of a trop that I 've recently been to and the place is Agr .
It takes around 6 hours by Natkonal highwag to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We stayed at hotles to have food and juice in case many of us felt hungry . We purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Secondly , we have the optiob to visit animals we want to whether we travel by car ( which is impossible to travel by frain & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Because For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is maybe more convenient .
My name is Sarag .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to Ioin Yuo in this year sumner csmps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . xlso , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope hope you give me the chance to join yoj .
Thank
My favourite sport is volleyball because I play with my friends .
Volleybll is a soort playing place . Would I travel to the beach ? I like playing with my sister in the sand and whether we go to the seq .
It is really funny .
When I was young , I played plats with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling about working in my country .
On the hamd , in my country , there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are wonderful vities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Ladrid you can visit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Next summer I will visit Seviola because I like this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jlb because the economy is very strong .
But , if you want , I will look for a nob from you .
My best friend is looking for people responsible for looking after their sidter .
Her sister is 6 yeafs old and you should laugh afraid every weekend .
Will they be interested in this hobby ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing Ypu .
Take Csre , Lauhra .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will go on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effecitve and better resources allocation in the mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating because they run their own car .
But it could use a cheaper way to go to tfheir destinatiob especially it is fra awau frm ome .
For example , I think that it is affordable for a rdinary person to own a private airplane to travel to another country .
Instead , it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are many people who do n't have enough money to pay for a dance even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future because people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we think it is better because we do n't have to wait for them , we wait for the bus or underground road on another road with more money than public transportation .
By car , we can nust stay by ourselves , which could be good because we can listen to the USIC that we like and we do n't need to be afraid of people that are down gut . If we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family so noth rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had to choose between transportation , I think I would probably choose cat , because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my communitt , we are very interested in the environment and ecolobical things .
We bave aolar panels and a ppace to mxke compost at the lazt gardem , with worms always eag and degrade all the organic waste of the waste .
In other strategic points of the building we have special rrashcans to separate the garage with organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and also mads tawlks and presemtations about the earth 's problems like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of all his projects is Liss June Zid , our science teacher .
Al these initiatives have made us , over years , a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning everyone , Today I wanted to work . Zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , which I think is an international sport . People around the world will love it so strongly . Lije Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believe that alps will depighted us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they are amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michadl was a little old when he had a dream that wrote : Be a super heri !
After many years , he kept the dream of beckme a spuer hrro .
He ernter the University of Medicine because he thought that this professor was more dimilar to be a hero .
Pasa went to some university and he met a girl called Kate and he found love there and she loved him .
Kate was chrsing the University of Fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michadl said to him he dreamt of being a xuper heeo . Katfe was so ervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was dreamed of buying something that would never happiness and that uper hero do n't exidt .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and became mad , saying that he was lying and did n't have heart .
He gotf so mad that he wsked jer to get out of his apartment .
In the following ray , Sye said sorry and they were happy .
But when they got to the board of Michael , Thney found out out about Michael got a wife and koll him .
He cried a lot , broke his arkund .
Michael got awa from there .
Micheal lost his dream and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport is an important invention in human history . It brings a lot of benefits to your life .
In addition , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in tdaffic .
It is true that moving by dollar is more convenient than than public transportation . However , it would cause damage to more life and hark our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about kur furure , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , safe and comfortable place to live .
If there was no public transportation , traffic would be sedious .
In my country , Tajpei , we always stock in traffic for about 5 hundred in the morning .
I can go iamgine if there is no bus or MRT . How long does I take to get school ?
Dar is convenient for humans , because it causes damage to human beings .
For example , carbon dioxide which is caused by acr .
It causes global warming , which thraets our environment and harms our daily life .
We can find serious and frequently weater disasters happening in the decaded , such as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd kud slie .
What other precautionjs are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by thr photographdr when the film is shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipmsnts can be found more easily even though this procesa will start right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people calm .
Every day lots of people are traveling abroad , but , what 's the beet to an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by means , plans .
But , even when it 's true that it 's faster ootion , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obvious , you have to take a boat .
There are a whole variety of things to do and enjoy the trial .
However , the best opltion is to puck out a traim .
There is n't comparison to watching the changes in your lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best point , the cheapest way to get wway through xays asnd tae tge routine ff zome daysz .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter wherever you go .
The pleasure of travelling is always travelling .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many knids for transportation we travel on , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that will transport French north to Soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modern society , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
The promect cold will not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could be communicated and exchangedd with ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
Most importantly , parents have their own lives and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to survive in this world .
In this case , families play an important role in developing lives .
The causes are tollows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to our own experience .
For example , we children oearn ways to communicate with others in a different way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from our parents .
Secondly , both families should give you advice about how to deal with the things which will cause problems .
If difficutlies were told to their families , the ieas would come up to your family and communicate with you about them to solve the situation .
All in all , in his case , family are the most important friends in our lives .
Comouting Technology has been advancing very much in the past few years , making the lod computers almost useless , getting bigger and making the difference between old and new computers with modern development .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , beginning from the invention of the computer . Old computers are much bigger than new computers .
Old computers used to use one entire room . Now , they only have the ize of a BKX , even the aize of a bok .
You must have a portable computer now , and take it with you to the places you visit .
Old computers obviously let you make jath txsks , or play simole glasses with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , vut nkw you can do whatever you want to do , lkie crrating or play videos , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gte reot m8
I went to the Abanhdon house and started to find the best way to make his lies improve . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ways to make him better .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lives in and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he found about So , as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a minute , am I really so angry to say this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee huad domibated my lind I did n't little control of my actions . I was afarid of what I had become afraid whether I could do , because I could not control myself and the only thing I could know of was him suffering with a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
But I was so angry at him and so curious about making his life impossible , and when my fear of death and my anger for learning of the suffering I had been through became stronger and vigger , I made a decision . I wanted to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I do not disagree with TGIS odea completely .
On the other hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as you have the chance to try to be independent .
On the other hand , high traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by cad .
My Favourite spprt
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
To me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television , I dream of playing in a busy year and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favorite clusb between Benfica and Reao Madrid , wgere Ronaldo plwys . fro me , he is the best Llayer in the world . That is why Ronaleo won the Golx BSLL in 2014 .
I play football in a Portugueses xlub Callee Valenciano and we win a lot of games in the season .
I dream of winning a few leagues in football and winning the bets championship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the best scorer of all the tjme in the Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I like football because I like it , but the only reason I do it is because of my ex .
His dream is to become the next vaptain of a big tram and with a lot of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in talking with children and playing with children .
I like personality rather childlike , so I like children .
I have experience of holding a basketball competition which I have studied .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make competition alivr .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always hslp hrr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always sinle to people .
I really want to join this mob .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think that a smile is the best gfit in the world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thwnks .
Public transport has been used by people and over the years it has kond of making it cheaper and also safer , but nowadays people prefer dars to an extent . Do we understand what what is or things for them ? That is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to bring cars . In about 10 years cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities for travelling are convenient , from cats to buse even trains and olanes .xome people prefer cara because they do like crowded laces or because they find it sometimes vheaper but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and easily farther but why it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
To summary , there is a difference from one person 's opinion to another . I predict public transportation will be supported and people will use its mode and more yhat by afraid customers will disappear qnd we will no longer be jsed
Fhe opic explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This coclusion becomes more convenient if we look injto the data of the car companies about exponential growth in their sales cigure and with low budgrt private cars in the picture . The dcenario ddrastically changed in about 10 years .
development of the giodiesel industry will be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A lower level of investment was brought for biofuel development .
However , it bolst economic growth and jobs jobs , therdby enhancing Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one , it does matter . One thing should be taken by the people and organization of the town is the environment .
Global working is an issue in today 's future .
The government should take immehse actions to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we the people have very important points of making it worse .
active and a god government understands the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycoing this van is a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfect and promptly taking a car to my city .
Everyone has to plant a tre in front of their home with the dule of prvoince gocernment .
People do not realize the cuttinb the tree causes rsduce the productio of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more air to breathe .
In addition , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and ordered 18 yedar pld and providss a frer session of talm or presentation to increase the awafeness of a clean , safe , rfesh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to your neighbour citizens to take part in cleaning the environment so dirty it can be sedn in with waste .
Everybody has their favourite picture .
My favourite sport is football .
In our school or villiage football stadium I spend a lot of time with dreams .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I tan 1 - 2 kipometres and my legs get power and my body gives energy .
Our teacher has a nard - working coach and he gives us professional advice on how to improve our football skills .
His main said , must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can swim . Tyat coach experienced people .
Not so lkng aho , we have competition .
First place was won by us .
We have accepted this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in a team such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to give advice to someone who starts thus spoet:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hoa are yoj ?
How was your day ?
It 's really nice who expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have read your entry in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite jnterested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to throw it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years ago so I can speak with thedm in Spanidh if it is necessary .
Also , I attended a basketball coirse for 4 years when I was young .
It wa a kot of tie ago . However , I will keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , in September I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other baplet - course lessons . I wanted to be teacher teacher teacher one day and I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All the members congfatulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brothers and cpusins for male hohrs when they were very young .
You must know think I 'm a very responsible , kidn and funny person .
That gives me a good candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foe me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm npt going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in ddmand .
Because they are always afraid of being their own cat .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is a great place where your best friends caqn hell eacy only ajd know each other .
In Taiwah , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is whether , if you can not survive , I think you do n't have enough money to support your parents .
Badk to the topic , I do n't know the members of my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Ghat 's shy . I ordered all of them to go there and feep their pleasure and share their own foox .
Yku can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chaisn , statues , or easy memories to be lade before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand . Believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I gave sustensnce , I will go there and bring akl of you .
I live in Lentino , a small city in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil is an oroject for the environment .
People collect ayn kin of rugbish and throw akl together in blac saxk .
Although the Counxil began to pla something , the people were n't commjtted with the problem .
Afound these dity , you can find many places where people work frigo , kitchens , " amianto " , olod thijgs or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini could be wonderful .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme anf Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I made a lot of friends and they were very impressive to me .
We played in the park or we talked about our tatses , umsic , nose , we laubh ot of ...
Before I was a tewnager I began to use situations that I did not like . For example , the girls said me bad things or they said bad about me .
In those years I lived the events in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15tb birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that this was one of the greatest things of my life .
That makes me afraid because I feel that I have no friends .
However , my parents tried to thwt my praty and they were preparing for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to another party and gave me a lot of presents .
In the momebt , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I know they they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has never been with me .
Laso is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
He would like to travel around the world and to do some dancing , follow eaxmple , tennis , running or trekkimg .
We like watching TV programs and cooking various desserta too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Davjd , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and usier day by day .
A busy life always compell us to use the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , which has made the public transportation system behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
Ghis advertisement for a jo gas been eading by an uitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling , because I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am scared that I will laugh after children very loudly .
I want to speak English fluently , so I thought up the idea because if I aork in summer camos , I would improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I studied my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I listen to a lot and the stars are always very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to take the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying now , I will do it .
Fhe Kesson are very funny
Cear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I love English and I am a lovely , energetic and working person . I recommend people from
my kast company .
I have been worried like a cuildhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I wonder if you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think about different things in our lives respect either to our parents or our grandlarents parents exampld my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV on the worlr when they were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the private personal behicle car is now private , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaady , people see fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for trafelling and manufacturing . The waste of energy does n't always aintain at the vonstant level , but someday it will be run by .
People find ways to use other energy , such lime nucleqr electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metro and those kinds of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these types of neergy . Travelling using public transport will become cheaper than a private car .
The range of public services will be exoanded to remote areas , it will be much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling public services will be the first plrior challenge .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to other problems being solved , problems , traffic jams , serious pollution .
In sime oerespectives , these problems are caused by the use of personal vwhicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic uams or to hradually kilping themselves for breathing pilluted .
So the best way for one to travel is through public transport .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using a sohrce of enenu to protect his own life .
In conclusion , invesfments on developing public transport will increase considerably , public services have a brighf potentiak and its xtance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how ar you ?
Aer yoh free for weekend , havd yoi ant pkans .
Me and my friends go to the Cibema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thznk yo Uelen ofr those wonderful presents .
I always wanted to read these two books .
I went to the temple in the morning followed by lunch at the house later in the evening to the bech .
In conclusion , it is evident that , because reveloping countries are facing political and economic instability , mkgrants trsvel from better education prospects and a better environment for younger generatoon to grow up .
The efrects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jobs , ecoomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at an international and national level on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of onflation ; focus on building the infrastructure and the environment to support the public in a posotive janner .
There is n't enough oxyfen at the point of Everset to breathe easily .
Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so high high it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by Tao climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we piked a provrams of TV , electrknic music , fashionable clothes . I preter apl .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dancjng in the parties with my friends .
We listen to music and can afe singing .
It 's very good .
Ajson is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his friends .
Joes is the song . He sings and talks in the party .
Otger Lerson is Qngel , he does n't dance all the place .
He prefers studying in your house .
Heklo Something .
My name is Steven Ajd . I 'm 14 years old . I live in Verman .
At the moment I am visiting the Secondarg modern school .
I 'm in grafe 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is afe girl who is in my clwss She is beautiful .
I love the look .
Her hair looks like the sun .
But she is ignorded me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is rub .
I like to rfunning fast so fast in fact that it makes me as if I am running on air and the reet does not easily touch the ground between the stridds .
My davourite place to run is in the fields . I like to go to sportive towns .
I am working to make the ground under my feet soft so not the high concreted of the footpaths in the city streets .
The best advice I can give to someone is to start running to start slowly and not to try to run too fast and then to eventually build up the running eeek by week so that you weeks you are unning a little further and a little faster and them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opinion , television should be educational . Shether yoi aqre watdhing rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Gom & Jerry , it has no efucational value .
Although we could argue with yoy , caj , we always learned something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he would be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead gor spme tims nkw - so in his eyes , he learned how not to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist and I deeply love my brother .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspscts ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing and , even if it is not redmunerated , I felt satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and the ime required before analysis of a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
But there is another reason : does television offer high likelg opportunities for the audience in education ?
From my experience with knhowledge , I believe television cover brings enyertaining educational benefits .
It notes how many educational programmes have broadened young children 's awareness in the next few years , quivkly an adulr learn different basics through a great number of dducational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notea educational programs make decisions on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are reuqired to possess .
Apart from educational contentw , there is so much foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that people wo n't be able to tel right from wrong .
However , I believe these education programmes on TV will place a viatl eole in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we cab go is " the Sailor 's restaurant " .
Then we caught typical Italian food .
Rhe lazt tijme wh I wss here I have eaten the worst pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the Sda in which the walos ars decorqting with a lot of shelk and the waiters are rressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's perfect for your class because there is a lot of spaec so we can sit all together in the same seat .
The owner is behind person and I 'm sure he makes us convenient .
No fcuture for public transport ?
Public transport is the chaeper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Furthermore , most people are used to using theri oiwn csr to get to work or to go shopping , because it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the atmosphere with CO2 emissiojs every dau and contirbute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car .
In addition , having a dance is very expensive .
First of all , you can wfford to buy it . After that , you must pay the entrance , councio tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for your ticket . You do n't have to drive and if the buw or train or whatever vehivle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
By , public transport pollyte less than cras .
In conclusion , I think public transport is a treasure , and if a few people use it , the future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
I am really pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
You pay a little less .
I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring the students completd summer homework , collecting homework diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped orbanize teachers , ihstead of the insgructor to znswer questjons raisdd by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , veru hare , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I worked for two months , paid a lof .
Jus yohr wage paid too much less than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yua more than the existing working basis .
I invite you to consider the prolosal .
I think about transport the government hxs to hell public transport , for example buses , trains , metro and more , for only one reason : the quality of ljfe againdt pollution .
Traveling by caf is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking and the cost of fuel , and also maintenance work .
In Gig citjes public transport works well because there 's a gold feedbzck by people .
Insteaf in small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest in joney , because few people would use it .
Toj Sxwyer wqs a hoy that lived with her aunt Polly ajd she gad to pnuish Tpm because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his father Hick , who they met a lot and he exchxnged a fick for his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Yom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kisssd Beckg .
They said to another girl , so he went mad awnd whe ognored Tim .
Tol was so sxd because Becky did n't want to talk with him , so Gom went on a trial with Huck and disappeared for a few weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he snuck inside the hidden house and saw his aunt Polly was crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the gown went to church to hear the funeral of Tokm because people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the dooe and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huxk went to Tpm 's house to take him home and found there was a sbandoned house up the hjll so the two boyx considered like a zndventure .
So Tgey went to the misteeious house and there they were inside the hearc voides so Gom and Hick were hid and they saw that Unjuin Jod was the one that was tslking .
The two boyas heard that he was planning to save some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure on stopinb Injui Jke ...
Hi , Jo .
Tnank yo for youe messaeg .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your question , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , like as Japanese " ryotri " and " uzakaya " .
That is because you will improv about Japanese skilo in tyem .
Recently , maybe South East Adians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in yhem .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to find a job .
Michael vlosed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Ssrah 's house when he suddenly found the bathropm dirty and went to the house .
So he went back to Safah 's house and cleaned the bathroom , but Searah already knew that he had peft the bayhroom pike , so before Midhael entered the bathroon he said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of the city of Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendship and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teachign style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an essay about my favorite spoirt . I have been swimming since I was a chipd because slways ennoy a lot and , what is more , I have done it once . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and sleep in xummer , of course .
I do n't have friends like swimming , almost like football or similar teachers ' dance , and I always go somewhere . It is n't boring ford me further . I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven't heard anybody .
I said that because when I was dleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I wanted to watch her because she had a lot of time in her shoes climbing her long haix . I hate that !
Luckily the operation was over and I was left to come with me , and from that day I went with my owb .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the poop , but there are children who I do n't like so much because they like dfisturbing me . Sometimes it is amusing too .
I would advise people who do n't know what to learn , because I am pretty sure that it will it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
Whej I 'm Dancijg . I forget all my problems , except my stupid friends that do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme to talk about .
Whether you dance , sing , or act the aer showinb something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your oassion , you practise every day , and you 'll practice all day whenever you can .
If you become tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll get up early to go to dance , or do dance lessons .
You do n't know whether you should go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a job , you must sleep .
If you like dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I used to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . Its name is Chete . It is a volden retriver .
It 's a lovely dog , he knows how I am .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is totally weird to me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Although I have a brother . His name is Josew Luis . He is twenty yeats old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are goof guysx .
Actually , I prefer to pass my TIKE exam . I work in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ahby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
Fof wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English , of course . Maybe you know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods like cupcakes , cak , cokides or hrownies , the most popular flods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is it is hard to deal with people . We are searching for someone who who impresses everyone , also someone who and birng their customers through attention and experience .
We neee know ready fpr worj lont hpurs , because our cafe is going to open today .
That 's all , let you soln
kissed ,
Fer
We think that in the future places will be in bad conditions and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wwrs .
In 30 tears , we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the north pooe will have mewlted totalky .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so some people might die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help people .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and mset new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to free on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find points between your opinion and your friend 's others .
Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport . Football is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a aeek since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoymkent with this sport are as follows :
1- makr me fit and healthy
2- classy gaje no fricgion between characters
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the job , I advise all rookiss to try doing this job and they will get many benefits .
However , adults ca pradtise it as weol xnd they will get their son .
As citizens of villaye , we totally care about the ebvironment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a nutual coopration with anyone who treats rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty clothes , sweep the rubbish , then we bury rubbieh .
, we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .
First inorganic , we caj nake bags , hats and other stuff .
Thne Tuey can get a great income from it .
the rceator of the haven and the earth , the creator of solrs , the sho makw earth rotae atound self awnd around the sun .
What we believe as Musoims is that we have been created by one who does n't have others with gym by one who creste his father ( Adam ) and creaed frim hjm ( Evw ) and they were in the Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the yree buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Transport is the health of any country , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people on their own evhicles more than
public transportation . Today 's folks are often crazy about their own venicles which leads to the future of public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the nearby cuture.becauss people want privayc as well as friendship , which is impossible with public transportation .
The second mode of transportation covefs
as much as possible in city areas or towns which mismanaged routes who travelled by public transport . a conclusion , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I believe that there are various modes of transportation available .
to competition without other transporyation .
Nowadays , people have numsrous ootion to travelling , like Kany privatd company
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of Rhis customers have more benefits like lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in addition , many automobile companies pauncing with affordable prices which encourage people to use more and more private vechil .
I go for a walk to a pakr every fay with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought out , people got so many of .
In Tbe pak tome in the park is very busy even though the pak is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their sog .
But the people are very rudw and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
family is the most important important institution of social life .
However , members have their own role and their boss , the fatyer or the mlother , has to consider his tram to understand the ritht brhaviour or attitude to have a work life .
Usually there are generation problems . Sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , but dfialoging and listening emltions qnd fafts , eceryone cxn have another point of view .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in social behavioue but also listen to others ' points of view to ri - arrange and uodate their knowledge .
A brother or a father would be a triend if there is communication and trust , if someone has his contrkbute in family details .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see the movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
There is a lot of action , drama and romance .
The father of this series , has been wanting fpr from mofie Science since the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is very funny , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In opinion , I think it is a teen lovie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of Boko . This is the first movie that is really based on the bopk . The theme is very umique and original . The actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las prt mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of apl , I enjoy it because when I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .
Whjen I 've had a very bad and successful dag , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of spoet that it is n't vsry hsrd .
Trainibg Karate is a way to forget tour problems , to forget your tirong routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnf with advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , Kmarate is not just a sport , it is also a disciplune . It teaches you reslect , balane and culture .
My teacher showed us how we have to deal together together and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
With someone who strts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something within which we want to live .
Today 's topic is Technopogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development . and today genrration is inluenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short stopry competition . He walked the ida so he decided to do the competition .
but there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who could teach him .
He called me and asked me to lend him money to register for the competition .
He got great money on the selling day . He found the register and started writing the story after a long time writing and did well well . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found an office on the door saying that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by cad is n't so muhmire convenient because it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chaif for me .
On the other hand , in the future we will have a bus with a high chair for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another transport mode is the taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than the bus or train .
Tne VE or aeroplans ar a god oltion for lonf trips .
In conclusion , in the future we will have a bus so they will be comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about a problem at my company .
I live in Patas , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some wallse of buildings are full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased for a long time .
Unfortunately , when we ask somebody to not draw the walls , they do n't hear us .
In our city it is very bad because when some new people come through their houses .
Patdas is a very beautiful cute nad for her culture , and fo hrr mknuments .
Hi to see whether Abaser is thin ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police shpuld stkp Vandalisme .
If it had pklice all around the dirty , nobody would dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka Stavrox .
All around the world , people are waiting to finish school .
They were eager to begin their own life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings dross their mind .
As a rule , after the last exam they do n't know what university to choose .
What they do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leavjng school and starting next education is very reasonable .
irstly it 'll allow young people to have a rwst after the first work oeriod .
Tej or elsven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupols do n't notkce it .
But cjoosing the second exucation is a very important thing , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a day off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sports .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volonfier activities .
And thirdly , they might want to earn more money or travel .
This year 's holiday wojld be eeally helpful for relaxation and gettin down after course failure .
One year is not a period .
Bu venefits after year ff will be obviosu .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan . Tbis is a villge in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico . The care of the environment is very important and in my village they do different activities .
People follects of their houses and waait the trash truck that carries the waste to a landfill located inside the villaye .
Also , people go there to dollect the traah that there is in the kioisk , the church or in the professional places in the vilkage .
Desr Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to acquire further information about the Snglish course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course is , and , if it is possible , the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it would be great if you could ssnd me details of accommodation that you offer in this coirse .
And also , could you give me an idea of how much it will cost for every different option ?
It would be wonderful if I could meet with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as usual .
Finally , let me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to converstions of his new negihbours .
They are planning to rob a very prexious thing from Mueeum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove his plans and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his tlwn and it is his suty too , to save Towm 's yistory .
He called the police and was infofmed about his neighbours ' robbeyr plan .
Police reached Muweum and caught thieves in red haned .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . uing travel is more convenient and lower expenses also decreases the carlon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effects of using public transport on the environment and environment . Governments should encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you sell .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one night with my boyfriend .
I had a weddiny .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Mewndro del Melero .
It is beautiful .
Snd there were wonderful views .
The other day , I walked a walk and at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It is soectacular .
On my wedding day , I had a great time but I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we went to the restaurant with other people .
However , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a party , all together .
You should visit Lang Hurdes . It is a beautiful site .
Qnd there are a few things .
Xnd thd peoplw arw vwry nicxe .
English is an international language which is important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to study .
They began to study English at an early age .
Thgey use at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kidx in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
It 's a good phenomenon . French English is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superioe than Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is after a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see you .
English helps us to read English original orks , but Chinese helps us learn the Xhina .
Obly by characters , Chinese literature dan sends off its brilliance .
Kearning a country 's culture , especially the classical culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up oir mothet tonbue qnd kearn kur owned cultures through a foreign language ?
I went , last month , to a fantastic restaurant , Wooylpools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a speciallist of eal . It 's an eal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better . tespect to meaxt , because it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the placd . It is tar to the people and cities , and the spacer , that is very small of lots of people .
In his likfe we have many things that make us happy and our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and slept at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favourite flower .
In my town we cooperate with a smile organization for a more healthy environment , beautiful touch and to be attractive . These citizens in the town must participate in this . The city will take their responsibility to a specific day to clean the tpwn and put the eubbish into the correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I agree with the opinion that two famous people , such as politicians and flim stars , deservr to have a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . Yoh jot have a relax , not peace , hot a happy .
In addition , akl pearsons have the right to privact and to be free .
Nevertheless , the authors stay alone all the time looking at a photo , all the time , when they are drinking , happiness , sadness , how is your love life is and with what , if they stay with something important our buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privqcy authouvht society nave a blale , because if they do npt take a photo they will the lives of those famous young people .
So that , politiciana and tilm strs would support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have feward of what they ezrn .
Thi is lal .
Good morning .
How about oyu ?
come here .
Get Doan .
Get in to the room .
Get in to te bis .
Let us aalk .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me see your photo .
Ldt me watch your house .
Let me know to enter your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that yoy .
bring glss of WTAER .
Drnik water .
Eat food .
Run faxt .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
Lket us a bath .
Once upon a time , one little was called Prnny . He was really small compared with the old .
He hated to be like that because many of his ats jade of himself until one day something happened .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them in the ground .
All of technology fried to find a way up ! , But no one could find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
As he swd , the only thing thatf he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until he xawn all of them go , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the wueen , but no one found anything .
Like they were fery religious ants . They prey on their zacred ancestors so they czn hel htem in the big deal .
Something that they deon now is that TYE while watching a movie !
So all qas olanned ...
The actors have monitors watching the time .
With ay Lenny discovered it and went to give it to his queen . The queen knew that she was very confused by the alarm , she got mad and she wanted to fevenge .
So this means a plan to fisplay all ...
The next thing tgey started to start fklming there are no ants there , so they speak afraid of them , but they ca n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penng attazck them in their bafks , making them to leave the plave .
The ants win the wwr qnd they expasnd their habitat to the sfudio .
No oe ttack him again wnd he pive hsppily evrr aftrr !
I have many favorite spoets .
ne of them , I 'm keeb on playing basketball . I always spend a lot of time playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard dag at university , I go to hopme and then I go to teh stadoum to play it .
One thing must that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Basketbll has many benefits , not only for me but also for everyone .
It makes me relax and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .
I really dra
zy about playing it .
Ahen I have sports history , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I play baxketball at the stadiu in the morning .
Sometimes , I place it near the sports centre .
I went back home and had a speep when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's why absketball is my favourite sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and the booming of pollution , agricultueal land , waste and waste have been used to destroyed to build more construction and transport netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there were a broad range of problems that may have led to their phenomwon .
Convincinb arguments support the root cause is that alkost alkl tne present - day citiex are already covered with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the kand xvailable fror nea housing developments are increasing scarce .
In addition , people bow cpntinues destroysd modern agricultures and foeest in order to szatisfy alkl their heed , which will distoey the exosystem diversity and bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .
According to the problems being mentiomed , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with tbis prpblem.fidst of WLL , reducing building xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle development should be awaness to all humans and starf to waste the environment and preserve animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant problem and problem should be workedd out to resolve before the and the governments have to take their responsibility from them .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and more English .
This is my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never spoken learnt so well since I decided to go to London to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did n't have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way to transport , because it causes mobile pollution , but public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can cardry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in countries developed , there are many opportunities for public transport , like buses , trains , subwau , trains . Other options are more economical than the others . The problem of the car is that the car is occupied for a long , when the car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
TNIS situation causes pollution for the environment , so we have more cohscience for private health .
I want to learn something about the learning of the English language . It is hard to get to me about health resources :
First resson ; the grammar that the learnerrs , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntin of the veeb in Spanish Languaje . Just imagine you the same but not in your native lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or sentences , the vedb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rulr ?
Is the third antone ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In Nidia , 85 people people follow crickte .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world cup and that changed the direction of the air in favor of cricket and everyone started to follow his game .
I love this gamed because my favourite sport belongs to this gamd .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar , known as little master .
However I play this game , I always follow TJIS others .
His stance , style , shtos , running between the wickets , everything that is most required in this gym is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always follows Dachin fod crivket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game in Ineia .
He is the first player to play 200 tdst in a ceicket .
He has many achievements like cirst 200 in one dwy etc .
I knew what he was doing .
Fof a nuance , first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If a person wants to become a bowler , they should concentrate on running , acyion , singing and afraid batsnen nbeed concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which become ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes players like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is an important field in every sport , it is also necessary to improve health , syamina .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear you ared going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to these .
I dan give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l will be impressed .
The weather is nearly hot year , you have n't brung to wear clothes because your fan bug in here .
If you want to travel with ckty , I can be your guode as I have a year free before university .
This is a modern city .
People usually wetn here for shopping or eating .
There ared many local fooss very popular .
Yku may ilke thisd .
I also want to introduce my friends to TOU . We have fun together .
When you have food in the city , and you want to find a chef .
I can recommend yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Bevause it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and have foreign knowledge .
It may take a veru long time to finish a job and you do not have enough time here .
Yiu may consider my advice .
My favourite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fhn .
Also , I think xwim dan keeps us nody fit and it can make people swim fdel cool even if it is a uot day .
That is advice that I give to anyone who wants to go swimming .
It is not be afraid of foreigners , although they do not learn words and also when the awge loud loud it will be very difficult to understand little .
So this is the advice that I give to teach .
Drar Camp director ,
My name is Sider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really proud that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monutor in the FDEE Tile , and I am looking for a temppral job to improve my English .
However , I have trouble with working in a kitchen . It would be coear if I told you through my parents have a basr .
According to my age , eveninmg activities are not a problem for me , and I llayed many sports suring my idea , such as socker , football , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eoder
The city I love is a small village .
Alo residents take great care of the environment .
Oragnized share , where everyone vlean up the salary .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
Thu helps to protect the environment to make it clean and safe , in order to prevent various diseases .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
These are socejalne places where young people organize bonifres , vut everyone wants to vlean up after themselves and thdow out a lot of agrbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to wind power plants .
Recently , half of the primary schools were batteries and the Whooe school used solae electricity instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys on the environment . residrnts participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they wanted to , so our village was clean the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable than taking a journey on public transport for several reasons to conclusion .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get passengers . That takes more than than expected .
Secondly , the public transport routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privafy .
Ifnally , there is a chance to become a victim of thieves and pocket pickers .
However , public transport is much cheaper ghan to bvuy a var and for advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for them to see more adtion .
Like walking outside or sight sightseeing , to meet and meet different people .
In addition to TGIS , I also admire the bullet traim in Japan , which you consider fast and easy public vheicle kniwn .
To pick it up , I still consider having your own to be way more safe and convenient .
Probably , future citizens will believe in projects to least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenfer .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minerak extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
In contrast , extracting the minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sghts on the oytskirts of my hometownj .
In my childhood , I spent home to spend my summer every year .
However , it would probably disappear if developed equipment were set .
Nexy to go will be , the extraction of these valuable minerals definitely leads to air pollution .
Three haz been an example of another town is being polljted by the prcess of developing the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last buf nto the least , the mneral extractionj will turn out to be orofound inflyence , especially , to order offsrping .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an example , his homeland was over - developed and became a weird place when he was a child .
After she groqs up , and decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , he had no blithe memory of his childhood .
Another problem is that many people will consider the mob opportunities that it might bring to us .
In addition to mineral development , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more koney than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
However , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not crucial when it comes to health and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and imstances above , the disadvantages of exrtact the valuable minerals are disadvantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause the disappear of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Globao warming is a serious issue . highber temperatures make the icw cqps melt .
Fhe oonger we bhrry ouhr heads in san , the warjer the Eargh will be .
I learned English to improve the generla quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while there are not flying .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get far , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuek , service and so forth .
Buxes are more simple - hou bug a tickety .
And what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I wanted to see a blue sky and not a stream of dolls lile it was in the FKLM " The Fifht Rlement "
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
The order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of this MISTXKE . We have a confusikn of the number of ai conditionings before the teephone conversation with your seecretary to confirm your disease .
Because your order was confirmed at the lat but I thought the order was n't in and we could only finish 5 pieces .
Because the units were sold in inventory and your purchase indicates that 6 pieves were confirmed . Do n't worry about it . We will send you the remaining units as soon as possible .
We hope you keep liking us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and consideration person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who go to cafes with me all the time when their parents are busy with their eyes .
During school , I liked to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We had to orhanise compteitions and tiurnaments with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
In my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitche .
We cook a variety of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and poor hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the abkve , I would like to xpply thw Simmer Camo jb with my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
There are many sources qnd creators , as well as themex .
It is wekl knowledge that many art curators and artists believe that Contemoorary art is n't a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea . Gut mosg of the times is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most xepensive rt seems like the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art piefes are being sold at aictions around the world , for extremely high prices .
Expetimental art has taken the world of arr by surprise .
Hhmanity has reached a level of differences that it would be impossible to stop .
So now we have many chiices about the ifninity of information available at any given time .
With his statwd , we npw get an idea of how attists cretae .
These sorts of dasy werew held at Kwai Xhung Sports Ground on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was nearly cloudy .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived at the sports vround at 7:40 a.m. on Thursday ywar I joined 00-mtere rxce .
On the first day before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd we sahg tje anthem .
After that , the soorts day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name for TWICD and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I know that there is someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was meeting , I heard my hoisemates chesring and the wind passing my face .
Those fewl were very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already tried my bdst .
Last of all , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houses had got .
My house has gotten nmuber more temportarily .
I am hopeful and wanted to get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates asked me to take part in the Inter - class relay race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our ckass got the first rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first of the race .
I implicated my clothes in winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will win the championship in the next yeqr .
" There is no vuture for public transport , because travelling by dollar is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , his affirmatiom is npt coreect .
We should use public transport because there are a lot of carw in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we harminb the environment weird .
It is best to go to places walking and running . On the other hand , it is healthier .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is yrue that travelling by acr is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - febated that tourism is greatly influenced , not only by the aspecst of one country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism is a positive or a negative impwct over our pifes , it remaons quite a dilemma for the ignorajts .
First of all , tourjsm is a toil that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongsjde with JTS development , the ability to traveling has improved to such a scals that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaiohals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as with the idea of globalisation . Zince , a traveoler is not only a citizsn of his own country but a global ctizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developing countries , has become an important role in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby affects the environment , and if it affects the environment it infljences transport . People become more careful about their hisrorcal sifes . This means pdeserving themselves is developed both at a small and a large szcale :
At a small sale , in Citiea , in a way which will always citizena and tourists want to teach importsnt places more efficiently .
At a large scalke , people can travel in almost every possible word : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful ladscape with his boyfriend and his 3 daughters .
The tiegr was James Amanfa , 25 ywars old . The herders called his parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion . Hames Nohn is 27 yewrs old . His dad died because in a confoict with other animals , he had an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg her the leg and dropped it in a cave with other animals at her .
Tfhey died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he wanted all his daughters to see them . Even though he walked and walked even in reverse , he was never afraid of his father .
The 3 daughters are so different .
His first name is Amanda Jnunior . Her sye is a cheetah . bave 9 year old lpves to run and she is the fastest of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones who trend to makle something enforcing .
The second daughter , named Elizabeth , is a leopard , is the intellugent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
He was 12 years old .
Another animal gives rhem rrwards or bomus because she discovered that weather is piquid .
The lasy daughter was Asna , who is the youngest of the family and is a jaguar .
Sbe stay sleep in bed and do nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one they had .
One of the animals went with Ama and gave her an incentive to be an athlkete or master something else so stay sleep .
The end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a clean life for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something from you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a journal which said advertising .
There is a nixe flat near my house : it is perfect for anyone who wants to live there for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , an athroom with a shower without buying one and a cool loving room .
I think that you have to buy some winter clothes because here it is really cold today !
Write to me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , address the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know whether you love bogh .
Last night I made a decosion .
I think you should give up your music classes .
You have had classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in hours of free time you can play pixno without going to the classes .
This is my opinion , the gut decision is your , so if you decide it , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Jkoe ajd . I 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp gery well , because of my glod manner and verh oepn for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurde at an ocal hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital fr Smakl thingx oike brduises and smile injurie .
The msot excitkng dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June past year .
I had an exam .
Today day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gym , before going to school , as at school , before going to with rxam .
When I started to eead the trxcks I fell agitates and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and take that test .
But when I enjoyed before the gime , I was happy and relaxed .
I already said that I passed that test and I was sued for that .
And this is Yrue .
I passed the test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited about hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister on your prize .
I 'd like to go to a new artists competition , although in my country there are n't any kinds of competitione of this kind . If I 'd had the possibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My favorite soort
When I was three years old , my parents went skking with me .
At the bwginn I went to the kindergarten and they took me skiing .
It was a lkt of FHN , because I could nopt it .
At twelev o'clock midnight , my prents took me with them and we wore them together .
My father tkok me between his kniues , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could better my dream was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , but I should learn to skate perfectly like my parents .
Lter when I turned 16 years old , my dream got trued .
I got my first snowboarding and I learned it .
I talk every free minute about riding snowboarding .
That is the story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because I feel free when I am driving down the pistes .
Yoj are like a bird .
It is the best feeling at work .
You are very nappy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the qinter Mroe through the summer .
Snowboarding or swimming is the best sport for everyone who wants to calm other thoughts .
Although there are always times in natuee ajd when you have luck , you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom thought he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting rainy .
His parents were worried and called them a couple of times .
He started working very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She looked at her eyes and her first thinv when she saw the black sk .
A dark smy with stars .
He got up and looked around .
She was in a parg of the woods where she used to go to work and relax .
She staryed to txke consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to the place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly got up when the window opened with the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk until she slept ?
If sue wasd n't awake , hwy sje would n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustrating , not to mention that now I had to qalk for almost 20 minutes to get hone and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
He knows the way even in the dark ; he goes to the shop a lot of times , especially the lst he seeks .
The development of human knowledge in technology is everywhere .
In the case of transporyation technology , in the twenty - first century we have various options like Plan tyat can fly with flight , train tgat fast and with enough to carrt hundreds of people who travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats are bigger and faster than ancint time .
Although comapred to another time , we are lucky that we have all these optoon .
However , if I had been given the option to choose between all of them , I would have taken the plane .
There are three reasons to choose from .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It could travel through MILSS in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can have their time .
Second is safety . Compared to after , the chances of accidents are less .
These lakes are better for travelling by plane rather than train or boat .
The one is comlfort Lebel .
Plwn is much more comfortable with both traij and board .
In conclusion , I will say that the public will be my first choice in all of the means of transportation .
The reasons behind my choice are speed , safety and comfort level . That makes planj my first xhoice .
Everyone shouldf take a year off between learning school and starting college or university , to warn money or level . It would be the best awwrd for a student who attended high school .
These young people want to discover the world and travel to research places which would be impossible otherwise .
I had a wonderful dream last night because I was on the beach in the afternoon .
I went with my grandparents and my sister .
Tbe beach is situated in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people in this area .
Ths quarter was very ocld znd I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the bech .
I took the sub for a long long time and then I went to a cage and and drank refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for a public tranzpotr ? Is he calm or not ?
will we see on our roads public transport in 5 or 10 years ? That is really an interesting question/
I think that it all depanes from development .
We will see the jore and more people after travelling far .
Yes , I think , if you plan to travel for a long distance and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in private , because first you spend time , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to ztop every night flr a long time , as hou need .
But if we are talking about travelling across a city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is the guestion for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and economy by not only financial , but also through the environment , because people do n't like to use p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing other streets with enough amounht of pwssangers
Heklo Lara ,
Thaxnk gou fpr yoyr email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old and from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM znd run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep the environment non - polluted and vaslid life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of tries and the unish people who cut them .
establishing the factrories inside of the viplage .
pritect the water sources and the sra .
guide the people and gjving the of information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant is " Lemo " . I go there every day and it has different food from any other restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent dhoice for me and my favorite appirizer is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in the correft forj to throw your goal to the other side in fame .
I was twelve years playing volleyball and because of it I met a lot of people who helped me to grow up in sports and life .
When I was 10 , I was eager to play with a group of tirls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team I work in another work , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , I am bad . This is a distration of the university .
You should really practice it so fun , but I adveritse how is not easy at first . You have to imagine many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get off from my work at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do n't have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do nlt play ang .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Micbael woke up in the morning and he died , the newspaper said .
He said in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
Tge noticoe sas abour a competition .
The competition is about writing storkes .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story wnd he cecided to make the story about pirated listening for pleasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michea did not know how to avoid the storg .
Finally , Michaedl ended the story and he went to the posy office .
Michael swnt the story but Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that momejt he had made a mistake . He id n't put his name and address .
Yes , I think TV cqn entertains about education , because they ate a cokedy .
Also , there are many kinds of educational cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interesting , because you can learn from things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so if you feel sad you should watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts have talked about this topic and there are several opinions .
People like to have their freedom to move comfortably and of their deason . Some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restrected with the timetables and you only have to use the transport in the times that the timetable ler you .
of this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves .
On the other hand , public transport is better than the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commdity of people may going to determinatd the use of cars through public transport .
Susan is a lottle dragon .
Their skin is colpored red and green , red dots onfop of the grren to be more predise .
Sje doe the day after school .
Of course , she has a little brothre .
Hi Skjin is colored rec , just like her father .
Deaf Pau !
I haven't written to you for aves but I have been very busy because of the exams at University .
What about what 's in New Zealand ? You know ? My friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was held last month .
So I want something like staff .
My work consisted of making pdess advertisung , providung all tickets , fronting for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Ctowded of people waiting in front of the cloakroom with the signagures , ut obviously me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so ehvious ... I enjoyed it , it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I 'd like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Yuo will earn nice money and he have culfural dxperience .
It 's a dual wffect !
Hope to see Yku soon
John
The advertisement is evefysite .
These are added to TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of these rahge of medja , TJE TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television . Is it that ?
On one hand , it 's due to one programme or seties which we have , and a lot of mentions to products or services .
They can be tired of so much advertising content but his is completely necessart .
Here are a group of products which have to be announced have a lot of messagee to to people .
Tje TV is the most impressive means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In addition , one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In ome ad ghere are , for example , the professional 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , their products or software 's life ...
To su up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial to everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I makinv his choice of Clearlg Azsk ? I love Sun and good weagher .
Yesx it is true that during summer the temperature is very low and you rarely stay in the sun because you will be burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good momebt to enjoy little things which give us and have fun with thrm .
During summertime I want to go to the beach to sunbathe with my friends rather than having fun playing playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think ghose activities ar gery rgeenerating and tjey make people forget about the warmth of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this means you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colors of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw a tour advertisement in the USdA and I 'm very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing language translation work at university in the middle . That 's why I wanted to work in an office to pay my friends .
I have some experience cooking with children of all ages , besides I do n't work hard and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practice my English in my native country .
I think I am really adtive , sociable , well - organised and deal with all problems . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily in any kind of situation or environment , especially a working job , plus it would be a nife xeperience because I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysovki
It had been a really long and tiring xay , but Tom felt he had acyieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won the swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had trained for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had made many achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from TESM to a party .
Tom wanted Meo , his girlfriend , to come soon .
She was really proud of him .
Sbe was dfeaming around his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with him at the party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hates that she is always her .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
Whej Mel came , she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to bearing faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got closer to her and toild her everything .
Mek looked dadly at Tom , and said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligizer him .
He said he was drunk but did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged the herd .
He said he loved her and missed jer foreheae .
He had to stay with him because of ... his baby .
He coulc n't just leave him carrying his baby !
No ! He had never awcted liks trhis .
He knew that he had to stay with ber rhe resg of hidden lifd and raise the babgy .
He decided to go swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day , Sir WXS felt really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt thought something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tim had to make a hard decision .
His lufe was going to change .
Mel would cring all day ahd Gom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made him much worse sad .
He got rid of the card .
He thought it was his fault that he had lost half of his little human .
Gliding in the waves
Evsn if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really like to do is swimming .
Fhe sensztion of being embraced by the water , feelingf the body quite without weight , wanting to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the qir , is a wonderful status of mind .
I started to practice swimming in school because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved my abiloties .
If you are not a good simmer , you lose the bog part of the pleasure of enjoying the world , either in the sea or in pooo .
Practice swimmnig is quite hard work , especially if you you to lead the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to wear it up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can get a lot of satisfaction !
younger efforts will be prixed by success , and you can obgain it with practice .
·Introduction
Thix deport willp test the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill tine
As oyr tpwn is well - known for the jagnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , many foreign or local people come to do activities , like kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or canoeningh and aquatkc sking on the Olympic Canal .
These acrivities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I recommend them , especially for spotry , adventirous and young people .
·Others like to have fun
In Castellefels , there are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : frese zumba classes , yoag beach , running ... as sports activity , and as social activity there qre kibrary roup , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are are as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the bezch , and their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and new .
If you tried all the activities , you could have a great time there , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I am glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to travel by the nest to arrive at Salou .
You will come to Reus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Teus . It 's small but it has a lot of service and transport .
Yiu has to fake a buz because it is mkre ecojomical tnan gake a txxi .
Th gus stops at the Saloy bus station .
Qhen you gst oft rhe bhs you should ask someone fokr thye Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
Yoi can come to my house .
Moreover , I sent them a map in order to locate the secret .
This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mussums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
Der Sedgio García A ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly interested and I am conpetent to apply for the position of Chief of operations at the underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In the first place , my qualuties about professionla kills serm to siut the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use new technologies with great projecft requirds .
I am already able to lead the operations of the project respinsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very unexpected because I had the priviulege of belonting to the " Minera El Tenienye " as a shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " and at the evaluationj department of CODWLCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to describe personally how I am qualifued about his position .
I expect a pdompt response from the Compzny .
Wothout further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays , foreigners eat many people that are learning foreign languages . I is a goof tuing something people loearn , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinafional companies that need people to speak their languages , so that means that the people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have better chances of being pfomoted .
On the other hand , it has more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complicatoons .
Finally , learning another language gives the learning the ability to step inside the mind and contetx of other cultures .
This globxlization is brimging the world closer . This means that there are more opportunities to xontact with other cultures , for example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , music or other aspects of the culture .
On balance , oearning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the positive of oearning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about an excellent package I got on Monday last week .
I ordered two batrteries modep 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of batteyr , but I have only received one bagtery kodel 001212 .
Oje month ago , I ordered twp batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I have a mobile mobile Nokia 1214 which needxsssss battery mode 002545 .
The delivery went long , so now I am in a hungry hurry because I need my mobile to eork ever dream .
If I did have a mobile phone I would not be able to work .
To solve the problem , I would like to receive touch batteroes by express posr .
Your delivefy error has been broken by yopurs , so this time , it should be sent a free delivery .
If I do not head from you within the next two days , I shall be forfed to contact my zolicitor .
Yoi can only contact me by email because my mobile stiol does not work .
I hope to head to you soon and have my batteries as qyickly as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of his report is to ecaluate both bad effects and bad ecfects frlm he used in the Active Leisure Cflub in the last tie .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitahle place to enjoy their tume through a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are hele creatively and effectively and are suitable for different qges .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to service the users in the pedak house and the yuiders everywhere have already give a heop .
However , there was only one thing we tried .
With the purpose of actdact people to order in the club , which are good points . I would highly recommend they they achieve their work suitably and they holr the activities to avoid problems .
Gigen is a diagrwm introducing the process of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank botes ae the first anxious indizpensable strp .
People should decide the background colour and the aetwork while they have to consider security issues .
Ghen , ksilled machinists would prepare the metal parts in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bnk botes .
Usually ghere wipl be 50 han noes poer shest .
Colour will be printed on the sides wnd every noges has its unique ink and the imagination will be slightly raises .
After that , it domes to the strong skgnificant stage , which is inspecr the personality of these printed eheets .
People usually divide their quality into three parys : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets , partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill goods . People will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distribute the bank notes .
If the paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be extremely destroyed .
In conclusion , thw diagdam gives a quite explicit process of makijg abnk notee .
Eventhouhg it seems to be easy to make THDM , but every stesp neds people to be very careful in order to achieve the perfect vank notea for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything happened a fea years ago , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundimgs in nealth and the hapoinness of people .
He started to think that he could get vetter or love and he found an eolution .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters spend their time trying to get concerned people from the village about the importance of being care of our surroudnings , middle - aged people planted many trews around the vgillage and cleaned the floor of half public places , making a more attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authors helped this initiative , creating small places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycliny center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a result of this attitude , since Akfred had this yreat idea , we have one of the clesanest villages in the area .
People how worried about the future of our planet and assodiation has been creayed in order to promote care of our planet . Green Planet is called .
We qant a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " Hew Cloud Generation " project .
So we nded yor heop with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with thfee eyars of experience in different pfojects , who are engineers and also have high personal work skills .
We also valye that they have a specialised style in Cloud fechnology , and hostng management .
However , it 's probably that we do n't care about enough people with that prdofile so , we could accept people with one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When What do you want ? ( Remermber that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we want to do that meeting at your home , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need yoh to prepare such profiles that they think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have . Ahd please tell me if you find another different request than I told you beforew in that e - mail .
Please , axnswer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helled at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me until I met the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice mdn . Because of helping them , I had bad lace during the concert and I have an autograph on their newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general , I have only one duty that is checking the question list , ahove that I have to sleep in a clean area after the concert .
But that concert was worth my sincerely , so I hope I will be invited to it next egent .
Working with them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll meet each other soon and I 'll be capabe of talking to you about this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to up my personal point of view of the course I did in your nranch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand of the outstanding classmatrs there in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning another subject in English .
Second , the teachers were really good at teaching .
They managed to encouragw all of us on the flight .
This way we mwde the moat between us and never forget to improve our English level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Tbey helps me to pronounce words better before studying the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's exam .
This way we have been able to year a native speech and I think it should be worth practising .
To wrap up the repodt job , the whole course was fantastic and I am looking forward to taking it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all the movies .
Bht , what fjlms are in my Top 100 pist ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thilling storylien that is a 100 besg movie .
I really enjoy it because the play is brilliant and it shpws different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settihgs are very reallistic and the acftors have a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre fans watch Habel as its message will move you .
It reveals how our fdelings cross the boudnaries of the xultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old and live in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid University .
My father works as an eacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and another system .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of people .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courser awnd training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchera in the world in addition to becoming a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream .
For a few years , I worked in many polaces such as a pharmady , a restaurant and a waterr pufification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make mkracles in your life , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more about more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but after I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything , I fedl that I have the worlf in my hand , so I can do anything with people .
One of my goals in this life is to avoid effective treatment for problems like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myself , what is the aim of our friendship ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you see your weird and realize it well , it will be deserved for everyone to worry so much and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at anything in acdition A little more can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . I have attended a lot of conferences in my fielf so I think this program is a chancxe experience which will help and inspire me from community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing with refeeence to the post as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialifjed person flr tje lost .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quiet , patient and funny that , in my opinion , these are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a team .
I do like to be or feel alone . Tbis could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think young young people will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Toung people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone humber . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at my earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to beginning work .
Is there a future for Lrivately dreams ?
To be honest , I am not ure .
Although private omed cars are much more popular , and that are becoming a common place in developing countries , it is npt likely that these means of transport could be the means of transportation in the future .
Many people rsalize that in kur citiee and in opur plants there is an increasing problem of science and pollution .
Carbon bxsed fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to register for some sort of public transportation .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow to a tsaggering 3 billion yuman beings .
I know know it is mice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private smalo helixopter .
But it is not going to get better .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicolters , and not even cars .
Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle the problem and prvoide the public with a better altyernative . T
The price of independent transport will grow dramatically .
I think that that will cause the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to laugh again to be on time , the mice old train could become important .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this seester , students are yawnnig and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , teachers do not answer because they totally ca n't remember what they have studied last semester .
Students would get a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying . Because after a long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , because long vacations will make students get used to having fun instead of studying , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with this statement that students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
Maybe reasons and details will be in the following paragraphs .
To begijn witj , there is a generla consensus , students will forget the knowledge they are given lwarned after a lesson break training .
For example , in history class , the history teacher had to repleat the history of North America before he started to teach the history of South Awmerica at the beginning of the semester .
It is very waste of time and not efficient .
Next to go would be students getting used to relaxing by baving no studying and homework in the pong vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can get away from the sunshine , beach , and travel .
In thew clzss , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Lwst bht no leaxt , some difficult workers should be continually tired rather than having a long bad time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a log without without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally disagree with the statement that students could receive a better , lore - - efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all the problems .
I want to speak with my team partners .
Afterwards , we anaoyze the rival tram and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I feel bad , I feel nervous . My parents give me unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you practise his sports there is a probably that you will be healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really lie about it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options for doing whatevef sports .
Soccer is not a vkolent sport , but sometimes it becomes .
In which you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise them to enjoy playing their wonderful sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I went to the amazing Niaqgara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my familyh .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the end , I was very happy because I received a lot of fooesss .
The filght was appropximatly within hourds before I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Ieland because there he lived .
He had a really nice house and I was happy to see my little ousin " Anbel " who looks like like me .
In New York I eat so mucy . I also went to the city the slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of going to Niagqra Falps .
We went in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrive at Niagara Falps city , which looks like a gorgeous place .
I did not have too much to do until there were talls .
I was amazed at how much weight he fell .
They show incredible amazint and beautiful .
I think there are too many phptos because Yoku does n't visit places like that every .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in Unitwd Sttes of America . I was to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too . We ae ljke siblints .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because sue said they do not see me frequently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara Fakls and Time Squade , recieving a lot of presenta and sat a lot of delicious rood .
First , students to universities are in the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Mos universities providr chesap accommodationx such as sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most students have lkw income .
Although students who may have family finanxial support prefer to have an apartment to live independently .
Sharinb houses or rooms have many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , clise to the university , and learning now to share everything with others . waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments will be less than four times than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
Despite all these benefits , I would prefer to live in an apartment where personality is very important to me .
Maybe years ago , I had a friend in a room for months during a course abroad in my country . These days , when I worst xuring my life , he was angry , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of dinner . living alone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annpying me
Although the field government which is decided as the role of USQ has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves that there is no perfect government .
The importance of federalism , means as means liberty for the states to have heir down parties according to their needs , is always giod by the lecture , which may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexaul Whether someone stwte acmit their marriage , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even if the fedetal government ket each staqte functiln independence , it will control the main decisions .
This case caused some problems when the lecturer mentiined the faikure of the federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
The control of the federal government is the reason why each of the status and the federal blae each other in the increase of jobs in some places .
In conclusion , the vederal government , which gives frerdom and polwerful , causes many problems with no singoe plicy and confusion about the responsibility .
Travelljng to a different country can be both exciting and fruatrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting and also have its frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico , I should give two important advice ; first , try to get lessons with travel companion and encourage Mexican friends instead of critic about spicy zavor .
People say ghat in every voyge , people euffer to different momnts of the trio : ardived , get awau to the frustrastion of an unknown place , get able with your trip companion , succeed as a tourist and arrive home at Triupmhal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that I traveled find a number to get someone with his or her company .
These minimal changes would make a big difference when you visit other countries .
As an example , if you are able to meet other people with your tragel you could enjoh each one of the friends , exchange some pictures , dance together , and visit places with common interests such as juseums or lalls .
Another advice that I would give to people coming to Mexido is to enjoy Mexican food .
Mexican food is a log of tasting fish from different sttaes of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people who do n't like spicy food and also , many of the times , could get angry with the type of pepper the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I suggest you to use sauces with a lower oepper .
In this way , , visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican frood with less oepper than the saqme delicious soup that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two ikportant advice for visitors who are coming to my country : try to gdt anyone with their vompanion in order to ave fish and try to enjoy Mexicn fish because it is delicious !
After the Internet was ibvented and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) was the next most significant innovation that was pargly replaced by face - to - face communication .
ZMS like Facebook weekend 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twiyter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy , therefore there is a possible cycle of byllying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment on the future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating cabs be achieved , regardless of dstance , both Facebook and Twigter .
The bendfit of being found being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their uxers are in an unpleasant mood , and when negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining people 's feelings within the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , etc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tnat is to swy , being bdhaviour on Facsbook interacting with people by sharing their nose , and receiving responses .
Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
knowledge about touch members increases continually , and moreover , maintain relations with other exjsting members , and also share their personal interests on the social internet .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by followijg fzmous celebritie , people can easily see the daily activities which are posted by tehm .
However , thus , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposwly aggressive towards people .
However , information whether is appears on Facebook or Twitetr is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to public opinion .
However , information which is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter is very accessible , therefore everybody is easily respones as an oublic opinion .
Mowtly Facebook users expecy their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
Finally , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and also racist comments .
First of all , people can ppst about racistr comments which garget a special gtoup or person .
For example , after the premiee of The Hunget Gsme was released , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that said that they were happy because one of the msin actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Because of accessible information through SMS , it led to many problems , involver with cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a cause of continuous distuebing a wkman fdom a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte psychiagric yospital after being found not compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing and telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more free or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to vierw each other other appezrances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and meet in touch with friends a second , rather than having to call them .
The possible outcomes might be time people speak on SMS , trees communicate skmills through they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , cojtrolling which posts should be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .
However , despite the benefits of these implicatiins , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twittee could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate about being connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily deduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing what they know .
In cobtrast , because Facebook and Twiutter have been connected worldwide , which means protectint personal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
photography classes fkr egeryone
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photogrphs xre incluced in all of those sites .
Also , the phenlmenon of taking photos is part of your daily life , because it is the best way to caplture special things like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , etc .
As a nsw college subjevt
Ghis practice is considered tjose activities that anyone can do without and kinc of special prelaration .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the momeny of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and they necessary to be developed in the education system at the same time .
Ghe reasojs
Recentg studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations of lives and kids ) .
This increase is relaged by the overwhelming development of technology in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Aoso , photography is consdiered as a type of aft , so it requires knowledge of special skulls , techniques and knowledge .
What a loveoy weather today !
What a wonderful dream ! There is an Aprio now and finally spring has come .
A bright suj is shining , the snow melged away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the wqrm countries .
He also sings funnh and builds heir nests .
People look happier .
They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
We set oud cflock forward one hour in Marcg .
The sumjertime waa firsf was introduced in English in 1908 .
These days ecome loinger znd the bights gets shorter and later .
We usually set our coock back an hour in August .
A lot of people are always happy , because they can sleep ( for ) hours alone .
Hockey as a oife sgyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey orovides gou moee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .
What do you think of when you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your life will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilked or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requieremnts ?
Now you know the jockey is Asaner .
Hockey is a team I have played for many years and it started out to be my favourite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In small words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to trai fie ays a weeo and you have to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Wuy would I recommend this to Yiu ?
It would definitely yelp you to follow and improve as a person .
Hkckey will let the wau oyu see the world and they are going to start seeing it with their own eyes .
So start searching for the right sport . These things are for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is the best transport medium for environmental cars .
Despite other people making enough money to build their own cqr , electric and hybrie cara are more expensive than traditional ones ( ghe oines whgo use gas or dieeel ) , so , people choose this one and that 's because pollution is severap because we have to dreal with .
The ebvironmental course is hard every day . The kids are too ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emiszions which are being producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that are necessary for peoducing goods and ghe social consuming .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could work , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , and that will probably take place when the xestiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should put down the few on public transportation . That could mame people to use private transportation and care for the environment from CO2 wmissions and pervent global heating .
In Colsada City Council , people are informed about taking care of the environment .
Tye city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , teaching children learn at school to separate the schools .
There are many ecological advantages .
Each of the haes three or two kinds of bins and they afe nog as far as two hundred metrrs .
There have been several pkanting campaigns to plant trwes and to clean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is another language , because it is dogs ' own that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are mzny bike psths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the cats and they will emit less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper clothes are pucked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Our olanet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with thekr tarfet of making money without thinking of the efefcts .
My family is very curious about this problem , so we made an effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quapity in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always in rhythm and the price is worth it .
We live in a fottage and we have several bins which are dlasified according to the material we want to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an organizatuon which payd people who bring us the matgerials to clean .
The benefits were given to several organizations which talked about care of the environment .
My sistsr geaches people something to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottled or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery and lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things can have a second life .
As soon as the Lasr river ends , the southern vorder of Egypg is hers .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that started over 6 thousand years ago .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists disagree with them .
And as for me , I totally suppirt the point of view .
Eypt is a kind of river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
The Nile is the only source of water for Dgyptians .
Furthermore , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of certain areas .
The Egyptians named their country ' Blaco and ' to master it from the ted soil of the desert .
Nowadays , developing the wide valleyt of the Nipe has become the other important trahsport line from Sgypt .
Through the centuries , people have been explorjng the hature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided the year into three seasons compared to DRG or qet period .
They know when it should be used ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up on clean water .
But such a high levle of development of Egyptian civilization has two negative sides as well as one positive .
A great number of dfams were built on the river . That caused the disapeparing of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians still live far from the nain arteey of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt is developing , the government will pay attention to the ecilogical problems through high legel .
Most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , the thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is the most important .
I am sure you 'll think it 's the Colosseum .
For cdnturies these buildings had been the sylbol of his city .
It quotes ancient , but sfill fascinating for thousans of tourists , who feel everyday tears .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans who were killed without ipty .
Moreovdr nvay wrs wers represente in order to celebrate Doman wrmy .
It has been ruined through the ages , but new people understand its imporgance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's another strength and every thing I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makds us understand to further manage and follow our dreams .
In these fats moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody has a mode of transport to earn a daily living .
There is no point in swaying public transport has no future .
Travelling through csr is a convenient means of translort , but the pollution can not affor it .
There are advantages and advantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and comfortable for all classes of people in society .
Variery of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's essential needs .
Using public translort is a time waste and no priacy with of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by czr has its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can afford a travel by car as it is costly , buy to discuxs the benefits . One can enjoy high privacy drinking while travelling and it is convenient .
and sophistixated and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because there are equzl advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropklitan system .
However , during the ursh horu , we always meet a ruim person who has no public awareness at all .
Tgey holds too many advantages , including rpiority separated .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respec other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite being afraid that some people have told them not to do tbis .
However , I think that provkde the seat to the elderly is also a problem .
Prioritt saeats , arr preservwd to those who wrote , but only registered and almost everyone sdult wrote it .
Anyway , not all of them can identify with their godies make uncomfortable merley of their appearance , which leads to a misunderstanding between ghem .
Some people rven blamw them because they occupy the seats instead of offering their seat .
Mireover , old people would leave their considerative acgion fr grabted and they might even commamd goung adults or students with their clothes out mannerrs !
In my opinion , the transportation in Oru city hace anything to criticoze except that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mannwr .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television , entertainment , education , news and films .
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to experience cultural experiences with others .
The TV coach acts as a catalytst to gey kiss reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work is adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kods imporrant vxlues and lay lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documejtaries fans help devekop scientific thinking about science and the world .
TV can help introduce people to classical Hollyqood movies and foreign movies that they might otherwise see .
Cultyral programjing can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television has negative effects : First of all , children waste a great lot of time watching television and losing exercise .
In addition , these children receive social with other children .
Televisikn apso takes away from family .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf and sales of finsncial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - businesses .
I follow this relationship with customers through acquisition to the advantages until the reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales with the aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I always work working lrage and small teas in bazck - offices , managing many admonistrative activities , like morttages , oersonal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several years to get acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them with a compelte service , froj tje accounts to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , and ceoss - selling products .
In many years of working I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .
mon - standard situations , analyzibg the problems , finding and implementint practical and easy sklutions .
I have faced several situations , always with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural society .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve those goals by providing my skills , although I want to learn , respecting the point of view , together searching for ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years . Now is time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to see my husband loving New Zealand . I want to find a jew job in Hollamd to rejiin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , driving and simming . I 've already got the descue lidence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi divfe masger .
Nowadays , we all like whether public transport can deal with the world .
When we see cars in hard , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to wear our cwr and wear public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an immorfal traffic jam .
But , probably , his situation is another period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in dance .
For instance , Google rwported about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robogs will be brought to Dribe Nore smart then pelple .
If they contact each other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke , they will be able to avoid accidents on the orads .
So people should be able to clear traffic hams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Many people think it might take private independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drinking at home .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And people will have public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more imapct in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever know of about another foreigner death ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is much more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are fe reasons why I tell you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely best to speak a public language . It makes your trip more comfortable .
Second , fr finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing at international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your prorile and you can get a high salary .
Tbird , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , you also get to know its cultures , get to know a different cultures and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
However , these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily find out that our environment is chajging severelky .
Many scientists believe that people 's lives will change dramatic in the next 50 years because of the Hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more comfortable comfortable life . They forget to protect the Earthj at the same time .
High - technological countries have deceloped a great number of forewts and land to build high buildings .
Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the exampoes sbove will enhance the temperature and make the Warth warmer and warmer .
The the temperature increases , the better the oiving quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaeis on our licing areas , we might have a dzrk abd hipeless future .
Due to the strange change , the water is so hot that people could have a water shortage .
Losing enough water , people 's vody will become so rough .
In these living situations , the insead of laughter and happiness , there will be lore fights , hatrdd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , Hut can not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by the humna 's unsatusfied heart .
Friends , from NPW , let us be the members to porotect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underwear work is very hard , not useless because you will work with dirty people . The real danger is if you get dicovered .
When people feel that they have decekved , their truts will broken , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
Trhe passion for the cause is thr ksy to survive .
It is just something that I have to do , not you , he , me .
I did n't choose that , this jib has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bexch lufeguard assistace which I have advertised .
For the last two years , I have joined the swimming group at Tye University .
I managed to succeed in many comletitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I compketed the first qid coyrse , in the Red Xross .
That job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it should give me new knowledge .
Please do hesitate to contact me if you should erquire further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yourd faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In the modern world , many people are suffrred by stress that spring lofe conxitions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful jobs and they want to relax through these conditions on holidays .
Therefore , it van be said that holidays are the best opportunity to denew the soup and revive the dpirit for people .
In the holidays , people move away from everyday problems and also take more time with their friends and family .
In this rfespect , many people prefer to go to numerous places with their families in order to learn about the situation in their libes .
For example , walking in the seasife or swimming in the sea can be helpful to improve lifeconditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences lives .
People review their decisions on holidays more accurste and helpful .
For instance , in stressed life conditions , people in cabs make decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimae emotional feelings in their workpalces .
The reason is that people must clmplate their tasms in order to gain more noney to maintain their livrs and they forget about these emotional feepings such as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .
It is clearly ghat in the holidays people are betting closwer and they remember their reelings .
For example , people meet their relatives never seen in a long time .
At the swame tme , people have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remew their spirits and wouls .
They can pray for God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spirithal subjects , they can become happier . Because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in ordsr to heal with problems and stressful physical conditions .
Alxo holidays are very helpful days in order to revife the spirit of the souk , because people have a chance to move away from modern life that is full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spaxin .
However , the government and the locval councils of ig cities , such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote his movemenr because they consider it a means of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Fitstly , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 ekissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .
On the other hand , there are other issues , such as the increase of drinking on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Gettjng set whenever it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle in a strong wiknd , freezing weathef or having to ieep drinking in hot weather .
In my point of view , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit wnd it is possible to look for solutions to facs the disadvantages of their activities .
No one can dejy that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people by car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And his undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to a less frequdnt schedule .
Alsi , we can drive a cr to Amy Plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able to work .
When the bux is creowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long dance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned , the advantages of travelling by public transport should notf be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private .
As we know , the more public transport people use , the less eshausts is emitted by person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidenxes that there is a strange relation between car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In other words , oublic transoort plays an important rle in protectin human beings from suffering of diseases and savnig kife .
Secojd , public transport xaves city space .
As more and more kore people choose to live in countries , nowadays more countries have become larger and more crowded .
Correspondigly , the space for one person becomes more lijited than before .
Provided they easily own a car and use it rather than public transport fof every travelilng chance , I think ouyr strrets would become a parming place and everybody would spend more time in congest .
Last but not leqst , public transport alpows people to do something which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to the surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a photo with a friend , hear a fascinating booo or just look outside .
Although there are many advantages for public transportation , it does not mean that public transport is the greatest challenge of anything situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less flexibikity than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude that transport can replcae others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and disadvantages and choose a FKT .
Languqges fkr ths future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that easy changes and people made to improve their skills and others .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world beyond the language barrer .
Apso in recent years to express myself in English , French , German and Russian became something essential and very important in our lives to find a mob .
I think a great disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .
Although I consider that it gends to be hard and tales away from doing any wrong things .
It seems to me that young people should spwnd more benefits studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motjvated qnd to enjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement or a nob .
I had a part - time job as a babby - sitter and I took care of my 11 - year old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skilks for their job .
I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope you consider me fcor the ob , rtodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home in Driana in the afternoon .
We have delicious fodo and play interesting games together .
We had a great tile .
At 2 o clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almoist and Big Big World .
After thirty minutes , we hqd tew .
Winnie loved eating very badly , so I dan enjoyed finc umch food at her home .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd jyicy appke jujce fo tra and they made extrmeely yummy .
After javing ta , we played hide - and - seek in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I held behind a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a little stone .
Adrina and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Your mnee is bleedijg .
Ar you okay'I asmed .
I shook a leaf and my heart was poundong since I was worried about Winnie .
I have butterflies in my stonach.'Yex , I am fine , ' Winnid said .
I felt relieved thsn .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winjie hurt himself .
Qhy ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The Houwe of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be a fulk of convenience .
Big zpaces should be dfivided into rew zones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez and so on .
In the house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to light in hours .
Television will be cordless , as is the current Internet .
Evfery house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it could expand or teduced .
Everything depends on the numbedr of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's experience , but you can also enjoy teamwork with you participate in swimming compstitions .
It is a spoet that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at an ancient age but children should learn swimming as early as two years old .
Swilming has different types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reuction if you have obnese and need to rwduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmati patients because it strengtehns the dhest muscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , consider a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antayw in October .
I had a great interview with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I have a lot of experience through thrm .
At the concert TJME will play Dan Rnjoy but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , Tney knew everything above each helper 's obs , butg on the sam tjme they just concedn own theme .
I want to explain to you interesting points comparing my experience .
At the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided to think about the concert and do our job , which would be igven .
When we were singing concert , we made work shraing for all of us .
Some of the stars designed the stage , some of the checjing songs vplume and lights .
My job is to check the songs list with singrrs perfrm .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of xingers .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because Tney was afraid of it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like starx .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert ended , I felt like a bidd whoch flyinv freely .
Of course , I had pain in my legs because akl the time I was sfanding .
However , I want to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please look and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for Emai .
Wee youj !
Technology is changing how we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regardung wdvertisement , technology is havinb a hhge , and there is always a positive impression on lutdoor advertisements .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places , we have moved to practifally lives surrounded by outdlor dads placed in every availagle imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .
These recent developments in mobile technology aplows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to all of us .
I''m surprised that in the very near future . If I look at restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at work , on my way to work the xdds on business , I will - what 4 will be screens and not printed paper - imagine Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will never be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
Tbe way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and tind it fulp of bright zcreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pixtures displayed .
Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least some pieces are really arfistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shopwed at the wrong times , they lose their axrtistic skill .
But , technology is high for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my ilfe , I would like to change my hobby .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in the sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So that I could live more freely and with independence .
If I had his house , I would decorat it in the modern style .
I would buy the fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl .
If I had swuch house , I would like to set a barbecue area in my garden .
I could relax with my friends and relatives .
Togethdr we slept in a pleasant atmosphere .
Whether it changes to my favourite sport , Tennia will always be my answer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it fequires a lot of skills to be a mwster of it , which seems very challenging .
When I think something off , I always play tennis to enjoy my pleasure .
If you are a beginner at technology , my advice is to try try to get a suitable rocket for Yolu first .
As the professor goes : If you want to learn something better , you need to get the right first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn these important technology slowly and carefully , you might getg hurf durung thw practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled cosch fan will teach you the besr skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was 30 years ago .
An explosion of chanels arrived in our house in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our current decade , when digital TV appeared , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV triwd to get several licences to distribite their shows .
In order to resolve dome deficits budgets , todah fhere arr mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels means less details .
Internet TV is increasing
It dosts ldss mnoey and you can choose exactly the moment , where with who is watching this or the telephone program .
You must follow suggestions made by someone .
You must click on it .
Hey hace to redice your budget
Despite of dhanging channels , we have the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by TJEM .
It is expensive to meep journalidts and cajera all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summafy
The TV is ding .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast programs can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budvet deficikt .
However , the fact is that there is a coutndown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen this advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to explain an interest
to join a small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-tear - ole student frkm Switzerlad speaming Gewrman , Frech znd Enjglish and I am kee on travelling .
With several yrips to many countries I have until now , I can say that I have some experience of travelling around through Sord .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting people from other countries and I would like to expoore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a science group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderess .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Xear Stevw ,
It was good to hear from you .
First , my idea is to use this rrip to learn as much as possible . I want , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit places in my country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I want to find a job to help him with the bulls .
Dan give me a hand on it ?
Yoj can also help me to find a cheap price to register .
It would be helpful if you gave me a small apartment near Ambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 nonths .
Thanks for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Jlhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First off , you should get out of the airport tetminal .
However , you might see bus stations in the street .
When you got there , there the bus which was number 111 .
He rode to the bus stop , " Zličín " .
You can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll help you in the morning by telling you where we will meet together .
But if I were Yku , I could get a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buying it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait tor yoi tnere .
Finally , the weather forecast the next month looks pleasantly as it is at this time .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
ebst she ,
Jwcob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we describe the type of food we want to have .
Actually , students eat a lot front front when they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food , because I think I think besg restaurant is somewhere where they do home - mad foos , and a good ida is for the main course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windowsw , with white dhair , tables and walls . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In addition , I think the type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because hormally we have spokrn about books , woris and studies . Because of this type of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all the people get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I would like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I like the food here and I think my classmates are too .
oyu can it the the burgers you have eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know what to do with maje znd xook thel .
These burgers are my favourite fish because they are amazing .
I can not know what they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavojr similar to staying in heaven or in the parzdise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and Yku definitely leaves you with a very good flavour in your mouth with a high smile on your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do like burgers , you can watch whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another msal .
Public transport plays an important role in ouf moden xay livea .
More than a hillion people have budes , taxis , and trains etc , as tourksts , or wlrk , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Mahy veen us cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diezel and gas is quite high in many countries of the world .
Travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , Toan , cities and villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside their car etc .
I disagree with the system stated above because in the future we are likely to have many two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middld classes are idsappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on godos .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone agw .
Public transport is even better for our environment than cars .
Nowadays , people have different ways of reading bloks and watching movies .
Skme of them think that bgooks are more interesting than their first versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tyend to thinm that there is nothing better than reading an obok .
Firstly , reading hrlps to become a more educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why , while you are reading and giving pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of reaxer .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your head .
You can imagine what people like , you can imagine different views , were the action takes place .
Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your booi with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in a company , the best way is to move .
Because you want to catch it with your friends .
Many people choose movies because they like eoundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
But these factors are not important to me .
I believe that books are better than the film versions .
To warm up , I 'd like to say relaxing is a really great thing .
A girl was walking house one day .
She will be with her mum .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were driving home when the girl saw a cute dog in a shop .
She had black hair and she was wearing a black dress , black gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Hrr mum cold n't ceny to her , so she brought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special monents with her dokl!!Thdy lioked so adorbale together with lkie twins !
After som years , the girlk decided that she had to move .
She wss eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd to be indepedent .
So also a xeep vreath and putr hee doll in the attuc just like her children 's memoriex .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
Sge went there and they dopl with a knife in their hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah with me anymore?Are you bored of me?Juzt because I have only one eye?Butg you remobed me with the other .
Just because I do n't have one if my glives?But you throw it agaim!''she screamed .
And tyen ...
Next dau , oing at her hoem hsr mum wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she was upstaird ...
Tbe girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentebce,''Shy did you leabe me that way ? ''
Tgennis is an indigidual sport .
You just have to deal with the game .
Uou fans different kinds of places to play .
Yu needed a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and bzlls and a person to play with .
Although you should be good at lying hand or hand , you will lose quickly .
The spotr is not just without a physica law .
Yoi sipposed to hse your brai as welk .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and personal power .
As with other sports , technology is getting more modern , faster and more fommercial .
I am professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth and so on .
You can stadt if ylu rae grosn up anyway .
It is never too lonely .
Either you can find a professional coach or try to join their friends .
Enjoy !
Dwar Mes Kate Ashny ,
My name is Andrea Cokcci . I 'm sixtden , and I saw the advertisement for the wrekend wrok in your CFAFE , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of flod because I am Italixn , and for us , food is everything .
In Ijtaly , I attend school to write and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , salad , pizza and many other specialties of my company , and I work in a famous restaurant .
I"m also good at drinking with people . In fact , even when I was younger , I did with animatro in the summer damp of lpignano , the city I visited , and I did a lot of children and dancing .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good anc kibd when I talk with other people , even if I do n't know them .
In the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work outside the house . I worked with my aunt in the cade . I worked at eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I wore it all day .
I look forward to hearing from Yku soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cnos of studying English abroad .
Is it really weird leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is trus that going abroaf can improve new views about your own learning process .
Talking with English speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to see how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it would be fun and enjoyable if you checked it quickly .
However , you will have to put a considerable amount of money in it and you will be sure to achieve your goals , so it would be avle to become a rdal nightmare if you are not focused on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have your own money savsd for it .
But if you do n't , there is always a solution which is used through the Internet to learn everything you need .
Ypu xan even tali Sith native speakers by using some Chat Rooms , such as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , an oassion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports ; handball , Swimmihg , tennis , but my favourite sport is basketball . It is a sport that I had never imagined : football .
All my life I thought that football was a spodt which was for men , not for girls . Gut knce I thought it . I love it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all born , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to interest me when they played , and nowadays , I live playong football with them .
Now , more women and I have started to orhanize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imafine that I was going to be so keen on football , because it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her pife .
thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be reday to rdacive soms points .
I recommend Yoi , a great restaurant which is in Tye shopling center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service was excellent and the waiters were so pleasant and gentle .
The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stay inside without problems .
The decoratiom is mdern ahd cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the bedst things in the restaurant . which is always tasty and fresh .
We got a lot of different disheds , ttaditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different ytpes of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Fhe desswrts are very boring too .
They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , and traditional .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This restaurant is n't expensive , which is helpful for us , because we do n't want to spend much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is a great est restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually meet there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famous people , such as politicuans and flm stars , are accmopanying them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their life without photography .
On the other hand , ebcoming a public person associated with jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous people are obligatedd to providd their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make miatakes .
People are thought to be jeaslous .
Nktice a kid of fxilures .
It seems to me that journalists must be absolutely tkxic qnd they have a positive influence on society which asses celebrities through the prism of journalistyic documentary .
In the othrr ahnd many stars eold their pricacy to earn more and money money .
The value of rheir taleht , abikities ae counte in aomnut of tabloid scandalps .
Summin up , all over the world , are famous people who do n't bring the limelight their lives .
It was very useful a long time ago . However , nowadays , there are few people wh askl if public transport was supported , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people saving money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is because few people do not have a car to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
That needs to be repaured ; besides , if you have a caf , you have to pay some taxse .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another lesson is glboal warmikng because the atmosphere is mufh lolluted .
If you use public transport , we will be less contaminated before because there are a lot of people who travel together on one one transport .
Finally , the kast eeason is truly comfortable because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the corner of the city .
Besides , in some countries , cars can be parke in easy places , such as the old cities and the city centre .
Sujming up , people are aware of global warming and thin about the height of driving a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my cat is very used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a chanfing world .
Today 's things become something of paqst in a few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , the latest handset , the latest fonfigurations are ohtdated within a couple months after buying it .
50 yearsd is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
Lasg 50 yearfs science and technology through great oeaps , the Internet , mobiles made us more connectex .
Today , we have all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't have to worry about getting lost in new places . Golgle maps are always there to help .
We do need to correct English words today , as we can quidkly fine meaning of ay word on our mobiles .
Meeting Jew people or sekling your products , you do n't nerd to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today 's lives have become more comfortable than in the past , thanks to programs made made in technology .
On the other hand , the nmuber of terrorism , global warming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warning causing natural disaaters now qnd ghen .
Terroriat acrivities causjng havic in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people lezders .
If these challenges become addrewsed in coming years , imagine the lives of people in 50 years will be very difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tolol . On the right hand , it would be good for us , in other ways , it has powee to destroy the world as we see it today .
to a jay concert ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's trying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I heard yesterday 's advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the third person in this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering whether I should be the right person .
Thwt 's soonh said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a social trainsr and as an educatore since I was 16 .
I love doing personal activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educatpr , I used to plan and manage some xports and other activities .
I have great great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live with qgain .
If you are interested , please look a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in his mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need deice near me because I have children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they ar OKD xnd sometimes they tell me to talk about their yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that they think it helps young people 's brains to develop . Hut is an important controlker because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Knternet is absolutely a revoltuion in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet for my work through research or Google information and also communicating with other teachers , speaking about cultures and Chinese information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Driends shoild be high high always over you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life . But no doubt it is not good to find sincere friends .
It does not mean Ypu will never find one .
It is very important to introduce and socislise with people to make friends .
The mother people will jeet the kore so it will be hard for you to find a friend .
When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do n't have to agree on everything you say , but they should share their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You will find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There afe plenty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to hyelp individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinions for free .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suiyable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I discovered there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not usually for children due to ifficial language . There are almost a high number of xommercials advertisements which make the reraders bored .
Overall , The ugardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and provressive world , people are scared and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think we need tablet computers instead of boois
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or reading the newspaper , I notice something gadgdts because it is very useful for your life . . It gives me good opportunities to do something easily .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convincedx that using tablef computers in everyday life is better and better .
People do nog need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not notice that he left a book because he had all the books on his tablet computers .
Many people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is the iseless father of their generation .
Sudh people make sure that electric things make us down .
They are insiet about not using tabletw at school .
Especially for me , I like books . When I am at home I use books because I like to smell and to taste the aper of boks .
I do not agree with the people who think tablefs are useless .
We should use it but we mut or forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to master our lives easily .
The Big Mistak
Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told me that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about Tuis Newx and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when he told Bim that he was pregnant , he just froen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away from THJS conversation with Ner .
He seemed to understand what was going on with him .
It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .
One part of the house was really happy , because being a father was his biggest dream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
Tyis Wolman , who stands next to Nim , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and see her qnd celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
Alk that he felt anxious .
He could n't handle the feeling when he tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that he loved him as much as he loved him , but everything was just too wrong at that moment .
Hewr voice , ner smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this momen .
Whe could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three wreks when Thney had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would want to have kids without ber .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not happy about the mews .
It was a big msss .
He was more than happy and he could n't handle this mew .
They did noth know that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to hef gjrlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what my sports are and why I will enjoy the sports .
In fact , I do want to do some sports around time , but if I really need to do such exercises then I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
First , I think , swimming poolk is flearing .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroim to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like big sun qnd sans .
Third , swimming in the ocsan is the most dangerous .
However , I like to walk in the swimming lool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before other kinds of sporfs that we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dirty while we are doing other sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports and we have to choose one type of sport in our lives and almost all people need to do it , as we should not sleep at home or work all the time .
If you really do not like to do exercise , then you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outoine the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pastyre area where local farmers have been brdeding sbeep , CPWS and pjgs ror centries in spite of the high weather conditions , such as high temperatures and horrible drought in summer .
As a result , our waste resources are difficult to presedved and it is clearly necessary to maintin active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importnace of a rational sue of it .
The locql government is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plants in or around the town where citizens fan speed their tims or do sports .
That 's the reason that it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the law has also improved the management and tratment of the waste system with the academic coopwration of modt of the citizenship who are really concerned with the recycljng of waste .
In faxt , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycoe their rubbish takiung it to the ground , grewn and bue dontainers in the street .
And that is the negative point , these dulpsters are visible in townb and it would be asvisable to change the nose we have for underground ones .
I got up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , znd the ones that do it will be rewarded with a bonus point , but anytways , it is n't important information .
I found my family in the house and there was no one in the house , juzt me .
I get a bit scared , so I search for touch while in the syreets .
I did n't know that a blmb hit the car and killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I thought the reason why I did n't know about the expkosion is because the area I have is a very pkor area and it 's npt thag beautiful so you ca n't distinguish how the explosion hit .
Finally , in a few days , I found many neighbors with their own food . I was struggling to deal so I was a lot .
We have some incentives about laws , but it was a little difficult , because they groip noticed that some fiod was misxing skmehow .
I think that someone drays some of the food on their night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is working to try to enforce the lass .
In Ghe Jext this morning , I ate a piece of steak and Tue grojp was talking about aome creafures they were working around to kjll and eat us .
In the night I was thinking about many things when I heard soje noises .
I stalked him qnd I started to think this guy had a hmup .
I stomp him and when he got around there was a woman in the group .
We were talking about this when a DLG just came near ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it was a lot . We tried to aelrt the others but it was too late . It was he grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and thw foo .
In eome wsys that sh robbed the foos in the night and I got up . It was good for my safety .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the tfrend of bow going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtqin when exercise ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 of Mexico is a country with major problems in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whether you exercise your work work when you work or you are bored .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in half with doing exercise , like reducimg or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and you also make a lot of friends with doing exercise .
Now there 's a lot of different types of exercise . Of course , exercise any sport , like scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can easily go to the GYMk or practice Crossfi or something like that .
Soccer 's a really spoirt where you can make a lot of friends . You can , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the balp and drubble you 're rivald on the field .
I recommend you to do any sport you like and enjoy every time you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any ruture to public transportation , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Maybe disagrse about private transport is to disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in tdavelling .
This compositjon will explain the two different opinions .
First , the car is more convenient because it is privaxy .
Also , unlkke public transport , such as buxes and underground , has more confidence and speed .
There is a perdeption that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " Your peopke and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old noy explained « " I prefer going far , it 's uicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although they ard many positive points about private cwrs , they also ate dangerous snacks .
Kndeed , driving increases pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , although I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» szys is 17 - 22 years old old .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transportation is chaeper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but , it is sfaer ,
According to the Saigon Timee , there were a lot of traffic accidents which occurred in private cars .
The main reason is that cars are eaten drunk and driven .
It is clear fhat if he took a bus or a taxi when they were drinking , it would nkt have as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as English , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have bought a public transport system , so the traffic jave has decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree with " always talking through friends is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling something is the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is controversial in relationships , always telling the wrong would be consideresd as hurtig others ' fwelings is unwise .
Another reason for not not giving the truth the yime is if it is abput personal matter wnd it would feel really awkward to meniton to colleagues or the employees .
It is better to travel a little with lies at thijs noment .
To further illuistrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelihgs by teling the truth at time .
For example , if some wokan yu are wcquainted wearing inappropriate clothes to fit in the case .
People usually should not tell the truth since it could change their feelings .
Instead of doin so , people may praiee her wjth othrr thingw on hed .
In that case , the wife could still achieve conversions without playing her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private . Most of the time it is strange and inappripriate to talk yourself too much to people at work or tell people that one just got scquainted .
If there are questions about thinvs lne do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lid , which usually makes matter matter enough .
If I had had a day to go to a doctor , I would prefer know people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or not .
Lasg Friday , Micxhael and I were in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the coach , suddenly Mnichael walkdd toawrds tyhe dkor .
Michqel closer to the door and knew at the momejt he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're n't called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headaster because because Mixhael had lost the dopr .
The door would n't break into pieces or fall down .
My curiosith hsd put me int a biug trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't hpapened lime as I hoped .
I started getting exposed from the school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael of stealing our teacher - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friehds also pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everyone was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we were only the trap .
We wiped off the teaes , and waved our hands when we left the school .
However , one thing later , the headmaster showed their trurh through CCTC , but we refused to rrturn to the school and decided to challenge a new school as we know even if we go back to time , ximilar cases could happen next time .
That is because the teacher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summer camps ,
My name is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important for communication .
Akso , I have a good relationship with Liftle Kies . I used to look after my nieces and nepheas over the weekend and they love spending time with me . Furthermore , I am very energetic , always awale and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good position for myself , as I am invet new and entertaining game for kids to have a green tije .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for personal development .
I am nit very good at coooing gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on that .
I think that if I researched and elarn how to do it , I could learn very fast and can dominatd it .
Thag is a hood quality of myself . I learn things very fast and I always get used to being rainy .
I am very excited about his job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and found another place . We stayed outside the shelter . We were afraid we were walking more to the shelter " safe area " and if there was someone that needed supplies , he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and gathered in the forest . There were a lot of pwsts on lur wag there and varioys got sick . We could n't do anything except enemies . keep going . I was seeing my little grohp diminish and some of us were allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my genea was actually immune to the infectipn I could actually be the revolutionafy guy that helped everyone that was in my skeptick and I am really positive about it , notwithstanding , I wo n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to work abroad heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still already or in the east and tell us what had happened to happened . The # battel against hunfer made everyone hungry and we had haven't heard anything in a few details that could lead us to two deaths or something awwy by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean our themselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There were no walkers inside , so we went into the pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got someone to heck us in the night . I needed a clean room and went to sleep immediately .
In my area , there are many railway trains and they 're often overcrowded .
The pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr . As a result , Turin is the town of FIAT , ghe wrll knoen facdtory .
Neasr to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily live .
If you have to use the telephone an energy bille , you can do that in any tobacc hops bear to your him .
If you like shopping , in the erimeter of the town , there are two big supermarkefs , which hold many items from the mai gresat factorids of Europe and abroad .
In all great industrialised countries , a connecyion to the Internet is granted over the edach area and each building .
In the end , the taxes are present and they cver all the town , but this service is more organised and developed than the English oen .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrties , film stars , pkliticians or people wh eork in music induwtry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a biard between paparazzi working abd the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take a private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who fwels comfortable when is under surveilkance of people who wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , Htis is a part of a celeb 's ' qork ' , so they have to take her into consideration .
But on the other hand , there should be invioplability spheres of people without journalists following them all the time .
These rarely fragments of lufe without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not fzmous people .
I know that catfhing cslebrity doing celaning or taking a go for a walk is shocking news for people who wear tabloods .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs who sucn normal people , as everyone of us only has our money in these bank acounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that fajous people , who are rceognizable , deservbe to having a private life and the ability to have a normal life would be biven to them .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently watched this hewcilm based on one of the hooks of the world knoqn author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mydtery that made me take the decision to watch their fikm .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himxelf imprisonee in a cage and being trnsported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is not a normal CSMP , which is situated next to a gianf and mywterious maae .
The people who ilves in the camp take up different roiles in order to survive and defedn themselves fro the meaces of ghe mase .
He tiok the roled of a runner . The people responsible fdor ecploring the mazd qnd look for an experience of this place .
Stiol , they only have daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangdrous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it . It has exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the mazw .
I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rjsh of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will leave no person indifterent .
I 've been playing basketball for 12 years now andf I hopefully many more . I love it because it is big or small . Everyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life sport for everyone .
I lobe the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's qick ajd if you blink you probably miss something . Ewch confact happens in less than a second , and stipl every player directs the locatiob of the ball in the amohnt of tjme and Thgen thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally , winning such a xet makew me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , with harddr , pasw and xet bnetter , and serve in different ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is vert vlean and veryu grren .
The people there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good plave to language .
One weekend on Wednesday , Robbiwh was gaken .
Of course , harbage is sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea , because the robhbish through recycling .
Al my neighbors in the same place collected gadbage .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house in the garfden .
Especiallh sping is a kot of colors and pleasant odors .
Hew Eltham has beautiful paris which you can eelax through the busy place .
The green tike in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently been at Balck Bwar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a small town near Catajia located up the Etn volcan slopes , and I thought the restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were ywo rooms , smoking rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , but it still felt airy and cosu . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friends Moreno and his father , I managed to sell a good range of items on the meju and I really liked Chinese beef . It was very tasty .
Alo the ingredients were clearly rresh and of the highest quality .
The lunch was n't reasonable at all , because the meal cost about forty eurso per person , so the restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the facr that the mdal is a little expensive and I will not be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
They have been present in popular sovieties since ever .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances that really wel - know all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a big argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problems of exdlusion .
Margination hws a likn with the illegality of their activity .
Although this illrgality is the giilty for the attraction of these srugs because the majority of people start taking drugs because they are young and the prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem comes when entertainment because , in addition , movies dewtroy our lives .
I think everyone has provef this kind of illegsl rdug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do nit believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be esponsible and make very clear that it is only something professional and not our daily lies , because it is very dangerous as people are not abls to draw deqdlines to themselves .
Finally , legaliation of drugs means they should be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a bad idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudk Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you could take me from school at 1:30 so we could go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight straight onto Aojameah Sreet and turn right across the farcve of KAI University . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on the right .
I am so excited about seeing Oyu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dexr Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a growing place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it was always fun and , depending on the recession , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of Worlc .
In Madri you go to the Viait Soms museums , visit the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
In addition , if you want to see small sildlife , you must visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , which is a little safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can migfation brids .
If I were you xnd I had a complete sumker to ebjoy Spaib , I would have another week in esch Olace , and I have a cra in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to wear warm clothes .
I nope you enjoyed your summer .
Adrián .
But Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso family .
Bart is twenty years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and gig eyes , he is around about his gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bary is to be the most popular student in his school . Because of this reason , he is always misbehavong .
Hid parents and schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is an energetic and clever student , butr he is also a bad student and he nates nerds .
Although he is rather naufhty , he has a heart of golld because he heps his sister when he nedes her .
In the Simson family , all the characters are very dunny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Vart is funneir thab Homsr , although nost magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the moo to go oug anymore .
Everything subgested that I wo n't out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , we heard a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could that be ?
Wgo would he even botherex to play me a visit due to the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , and the man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter from Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter or money .
I opened it and quickly scanned the title .
At first , I observed Ghe Etter cautiojsly , bjt when I noticed my jncle 's anme in it .
Although , I had n't met a single tkme , he letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I learned that I had inherited a great deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
Exultation ssized my nind instantly , but I son began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , tqsk I have is above the town where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of Hilos and has a river without watwr .
I am very weird about the towm where I am staying because everybody in the town is not afraid of rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they wre vert dirty by natude .
Tney are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So callec people of good hature are inactie anxious talmative and gossip about others not doing anything for the betterment of their own tpwn .
All the nousehold brings the public roaxd throws away the dirty clothes easily and they do n't bother about the order of the city .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I think is that everyone who is staying in the town shoukd at Lesat kerp clwan their own places and sidse sureounds .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in natural .
People are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .
Although they have become so clearly educated , in real life they are still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I had seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am very interested in this event and believe that my emppoyment background is suitable for it .
I am a Toudism student and I need to work on weekends to pay for my studies .
I have worked ons ysar in Llndon as a waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe snd 6 monthus as wwiter aldo in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to repair different types of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc .
I am always very good at being with people . I have never had a complaint !
I have total availability at weekend and also in total .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please find attached a copu of my CV , which xepands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with without without the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Thank you for our time and consideration .
Yours Zincerely ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries . Hut Thsi idsa is remected in developing countries . Luke Ghe obe I lives .
As a matter of fact , car ownreship has increasing over the last decades , reducinmg the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in your own car is more convenient than going by a bus full of people or sleeping at work , the idewa of waste tile in a long qyeue .
Nevertheless , Ypu gave another sidd to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cqrs or maybe they caj aford to travel by another kther means of transportation through the oned provided by the local tovernment .
Tbere few countries have gas is so expensive that people choose to pqy thye nus fer rather than pay for a full tankj .
Similarly , people in countries with lower incomes gurn to these services because it is easy to reduce heirs ' overall expenses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on its usage .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People nded easily , afraid and anxious about cheap solutjons .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a vus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
Yiu does n't have to go to a station by walking , carry weightd , or suffer because of the rain or the snoa .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you will find it easy to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can listen listen to music and look around , or read newspapers and boojs .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The trdaffic can affedt cars and buses at the wame level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are fast .
Spees tdains go slways faster than cars .
Dpeaking ablut mnoey ? Fravelling by cxr seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider the expenses ( buying the car , paiyng her insurance , etc . ) , maybe it is not so cheap .
In fxct , in early aszpect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the city ?
Pubkic TDANSPORT is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by dollar could be more convenient at a private levfel , public transport has to be preferred by aged citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Informawl letter fo CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear from you about thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that oeganises music festivals , I can tell you that it would be great for you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my cqse , the only opportunity I got for this activity was on the 22nd of July , which allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , you will get the chance to prwctise your English skills .
In my case , I have to translate a good amount of tects , and also help English tourists to get around .
However , if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was ordered to do the rest of the time was to take telephone calle and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Whej you decide what to do , do help to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
In the past , a few workers had been really tough on Michael .
This whole business started to geg on house enrves .
He has to draw something it , the soioner the better .
For now , one thing is clear tonight - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he mentioned is Angelina , not Makika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like he did . They 've been friends for years .
Sbe 's not nad .
Ajd he has to stop without hurting everybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll wake up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It srarted in such an idiltic wzy .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom walking juxt a tosel around his waiszt and Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up hsving sez - perhasp . At the time , he was pissed at himself for not having bapls to tet the girl he olved because of strange religious iszues , Maluka 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And it definitely is not the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
Only after , after the Angelins left , did Mivhael close the dior and then he knew he had made a nuge mistake .
Dear Sir or Jadam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a summer camp councellir currently advertised on your website .
At that moment , I have passed the second year of secondqry school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Lolish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people , as last year I worked at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lub to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to engertaining people , which might come in useful in my role as a summer camp customer .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quyalified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to dicuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to nearing from Yoi .
Ykurs faithfully ,
XHZ
ewll , I would laugh when I talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonic student from Italy , in the north .
I want to be a gteat ngineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school . My marks could prove it . I have worked hard since the beginning of the school years .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in my job , so I need to use it well if I want to communicate with other people in other countries .
School is my lufe : I have about seven hours a day , especially mathematics and electronicd that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their jogging , so I hope to be like them one day .
The bad problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other goox students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people .
Cominh back to my dream , I should like to carry on with my studies in Londob , at the Imperial College .
I hope to be at a good English level course next year . I am going to take the intermediate cerfificate of English tben I am gking to try ebter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult . The Imperial College of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great experience for our mouths .
Nowadays , it is difficult for people who enjoy food as much as I do , because the calories , klios tehy are goijg to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mxico Citu one montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' was born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
The first day started in an importanf datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento was the place we cxhoose and we really enjoyed Alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by old beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something more . The second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vabcouver .
We atge taxos , but this time we will speak .
First of the places is Tacos La Chule and the tacos are gourmet .
It mexns that they have different tqste of todtillas -vanills , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , anf walnut , amohg others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
Though we did n't finish with the tacoa . After a walk in Redorma and a lohg pausd in Tge Independence Amgel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir . We watched crrpes .
Third , is one of my favouritw . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and the attire of the waitrseses makes Yoi feel in their 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with nake of famous workers and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the located of the fourth dxay of Puerquitlur .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pasror and coconut water .
Fifth dsay , it is time to eat mkre tacos , thr placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense .
You have to be starving to eat a kolcajete by yourself . It is just too nuch for one person , so if you do not eat breakfast it is a good opportunity or you can ehare it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Alkost a week in Puerquitour .
Thed skxth said it was to celebrate Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a field froj high school . wbo already presented it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Kemelas Oub .
Yuo ca n't go there and does n't eat memelas . It is like huafache but bigger and very delicious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almost with a good in the USA , we spebt all DYA together .
Sevdnth said they had a real breakfast , bourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Tnen we went to a bnook fair and visited some bookstores in town .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar with all the good comments about it , but that day it was crowded ; so we decided to eat at El Huequigo , the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .
The last day of Thw Ouerquitour was accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing about anything .
I want to have time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
These gwo chapters extracetd from Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens , introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his owj husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no frtune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular lid with a terrible life .
Besides these , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not wear complex aords when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Alos , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the unpleasant life of a jid who easily feels uncomfortable when he vidits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would want to live his life , but I think everyone would want to feel sadness reading these chapters and , even , like him .
At peast , I felt sorry for him and I would like to fidn that his story has a good ending .
He likes like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is a trial protagonit qnd he wag to tell his actions is the reason why the story can connect with his rewder .
Actually , the narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as an sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not have any description of the protaognist apart from his name .
Akso , the narrator , mainly uses djrect speech , but he only uses indorect speech on just a few occasions refdrring to his own worfs .
This exception can be read at the end of the dance episode , where the narrator answers the thief ariting that he swid that he would get the file , and that he would get him what broke bifs of rood he could , and he would go to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just wrjtes exactly what the characterx said .
The voice is in girst person and uses a subjectove of voice .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have omniscient power .
However , his power could be anzlyzing and descrtibing his sifuations with vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Alsp , he rescribes his parents in a holarious essay , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thoughts spread all over the TXT , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst episode . How he describss fhe he stole home as a man afraid of the edad bidies in the rgaveyard , because he saw him hugying himself .
Besides him , the characters of the novel are unhappy , living a swad and boring life that pushes them to abusd our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuse on their appearance .
Actually , we know how Mr. Je tries to meet his husband and his brother suffering and Sye worries more about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his own house .
The narrayor describes her as a woman that has earndd a good reputation through being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jod is a gkod man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Qlso , the way the characters speak is opposed to the way the narrator wdites .
In FZCT , the dialogues of EAC characters are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the yhief Thag talks about his partner in two long sentencez with complex tructures .
This kind of structure is always used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
For instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chjapter :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty yeafs older than me , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbors because she brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at tme to find myself with her expression , knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I thought that Je Vargery and I were both nrought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialigues are simple and shlrter :
" How we we are here , " he said , " The question being whether we 're going to be allowed to live . You know
What a fule is ? "
" Yeah , sir . "
" Do you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narratof is opposite to what the characters say .
Pip uses a ricb vocabulary , ising a set of mejtal cerbs and abstract conceprs that are actually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh point in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialohues are written exactly as they were said .
The thirf said " Who d'ye wigh ? "
This is written as szid , making it mre reaoistic .
Nevertheless , yhe aay this novel is narrated by the protagonistg .
With evnts are nqrrated in a mysterious way , tell us what happened in a realistic dtory line without falshback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
Fhe second hcapter makes referencd to the first and teveals something about other .
Apso , the slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals so much about him or the other characters , but he wrtites about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief dieappears , but the first chapter ending makes us so nervous about our future next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the storey will end .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts ca be read in these chaoters .
Alk I know is that Tyis Storu will not have a bad ending .
Probably , the thief will probably probably probably take Oip to an unknown advehture that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he leaves the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in the wall , another tombsfone in the graveyard .
I would like to eead a story with people , just a reghlar man who didd while he was learning to live .
Probably , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that ohotography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chaptrrs is a pleasure , but it is difficult to know what is going to happen or , whether it is wrong , what the authore is going to transmit .
If the story had a happy ending , then the central themed could be getting adversitiws ; if not , it is an advertisement story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day .
She has been waiting so long for her dream to come .
It wa say when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she was adopred since she was 7 ears old because her parents told her about it .
She does n't feel baxd about it because she loves her parents very very much and she feels lovely by them .
Affer her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to see what had happened to her bilogical mother and her dix sne yave Ann away .
After finding the adoptin papers , Sne contacted the company company .
She donvinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biologcal mother of " her little sister who had a disease and asked to know if her bioogical grandmother would be a match for an idney transplant " .
Even though it was Ilkegal , the lady gave jer her name and her contact number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to diaql that numbef .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did n't say anything . he could n't hear any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few swconds of silent , nna heard her mother crying and thinking lots of questions .
He greed to meet the next ray in the pqrk .
He was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally down an important challenge in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special diary .
The very exciting dream of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very afraid because my parents did n't meet with Ilariax , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radjo that Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet Bim , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to take me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the thirc said , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw sime pepple in the distance and soms cameras , and at that moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized the boy at the centre wasd n't a simple biy , he was Feljx !
So I walked toward the crowd and when he saw me he smjled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to Uim and he took a photo with me .
He stayed for a few hours and I spent the best of my time , seeing through some questioms and winging dongs .
When he left , I was sad but also really happy .
Ghis is certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Bst Pizza West of Ialy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am hungry for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
When you go to the restaurant , you know that the pizza is going to be good .
The walls were filled with trophiex and photographs of the world pizsa .
The pace is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or make friends .
My one complaint is there are so many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To start , Ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fresh , flavourful salac that is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theur pozza 's , which are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
With the great atmosphere and the delicious atmosphere , the service is friendly and efficient .
The chef is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cueap . It 's around 12 euros per person from two different dishrs , drihks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better experience .
I hope Yiu wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublim
Yhis deport looks at the best places to visit in Duiblin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a szurvey of young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinions as a permanent resideng in the Atea .
It said that the majkrity of those eurveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit young people would be Temple Bar .
It offwrs a wide variety of activities , such as a museum , a cinema , a very enormous green garden and many lubs to choose from .
Tye Johnnmie Rox Pub seems ighly recommended . It ofcers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dance perform and enjoy music in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes a multile choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a concert for students on Ednesday .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place for students to meet and do gym outdoors .
On the qhole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is trouble the people everywhere like playing sports .
Sport stars are afraid of youth and csn imprint a dilemma of behavior on young people 's minds .
In this essay , both sides of the position stated about what should be analyzrd before my pwn pefspective is provided .
First , one point of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate for several reasons .
Firstly , reading the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
They will want to play sports , which are essential for their health .
Secondly , working workers always face priuceless liufe lesslns , such as disvipline and dealing with success and security .
The importance of working job to achieve goals and practicing regularly to achieve good at something is also deonstrated by professional aportsmen .
Tuis is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good style modelw .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stars are concerned about joney and fame .
Rhis ca lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports regardless of learning how to play more and having the knowledge of the game or their comkpetition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
For example , one takes drugs or cbeat in order to win at anything .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior gives a message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regards to professional spirtsmen as modsls than other people .
On bapance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes could be excellent roke models for the youth , as long as they tepresent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Eickens abd the Bronte sisters use the dame styoe : realidtic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London while the Bronte sisters the batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person nzrrator or the point of view of the protaglnist of the stody .
Their relism is different : in the first , Dickens ' style is the of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos and ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use real - style clothes with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
He grph iplustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and length meat in the European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given souce , the ovdrall fish znd meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person every week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler wewek .
From the 4 skurce , 3 of them remained in a stwady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changes in their period , bevinning and ejding at an approximately sane level of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both lakb consumption and the catsgory labelled bwef had a dedline trend between 979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng from a peak of 150 frams per person pef weei in 1979 down to just oved 50 rams per person pef wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chinese consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable , climbing from from 150 grams a week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Moreover , it is eviednt from the grapj that sole secotrs declined , others tose and others remain stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Xear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks listening with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he had visited Mscow and we had a conversation . I mehtioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in a professional position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis asked me to touch and contact you .
Our convrrsation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - supports the sugbgestion that working in the tour lab probably will provide valuable opportunities to master technical znd research skills .
Bot to menton the participation in ioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton that take place durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS On witb descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin and regulation of adherence jubctions associated with different gypes of acti bundlew in nordmal and transformed epithelial cells .
After I discovered accumulation of carious sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms through adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigwtion I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the CEBS - EMBK conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and an ocpy of my psper in the aftachment .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the apartment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referrijg to Lugk city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through beautiful qsuares and parms and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedsral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo to visit .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has been decpared a protected UNESCO Wirld Herutage Site in 2000 because it is the only Reoman Wqll in the world that is complete .
I think the ulgo is very geautiful .
There are a lot of shyops where tourists can visit such busy sojvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , many trqditional parties and festivals take place .
Amony he lost omportant I ca mention Szn Droilán qnd Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 1th October , Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician customs and folklore .
Another important festival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in July .
During this festival , Lugo becomes a 3 - century town once again , so you can see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , many musical evenbts taking place asnd local people and visitors fall into period costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I recommend you visit Ougo in June because Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
oyu can enojy traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is a jncredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show the percise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Ceptic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the fity , the nigger the problem .
The town is the oargest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specifuc power disposal power , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm August 1st July .
For , there are few plans to increase the green axreas and revitalize the town .
This city is yhriving on implementing new inventions to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying the Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .
In accor to the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the between 2007 and 2010 more than dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is due to the low effecy of the " Recycling Wolrms " program over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal requirsments , and sends 7% of the garbage production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling factories have a joiunt venture with the municipwlity to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program reresents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The Cityu ahs manh projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proler disposao in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible to increasing the green atmosphere within the city by 150% during the last two years , consists of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual and communa areas .
A later critical activity is the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total number of cohsumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A munixipal wzste policy that inyegrates private and public sectods and the community is required to solve the future problems .
The city needs a joint venyure to support a fjnctional and sustainable consumption of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 needs of a city .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which ca be rrsolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a goof ida to take a ydar odf between leaving school and beginning university , because you can have a lot of experience .
For example , ylu can travel to new places .
Another ieda is your ex work . You can find a job and ear noise before your university .
Furthermore , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of their exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have tume . I would like to go to Xsia , Thailanf or Chna .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first eork ads then travel .
Yku cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I thought you could also learn if you travel or if you eork , so that is a good idea also , especially if you have a job relatwd with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will be okay , like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew and robofs .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homex be different or sfill the same ?
imagine the picture , I see everything different .
With avant - garde and futuristi projects , house will be the most fesirable .
These houses will have , for example , the shape of a spbere or igloo .
Then it might be turned upside down .
Sometimes there will be some knowledge of a moderb art and it will be hards to desctibe a shape .
What what about interiors ?
In your service there will be more machnies and rlbots with artificial intelligent .
They will practically do everything : clen , cook , remihd us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice , there would be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting ford a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Glax to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to meet with you soon !
To help her get the losition successfully , there is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , learning interviewers made a good impression on treating imlortance . There were some tips on how to do it .
First , deal as properly as possible .
Budinesslike suots and toes fit in well with those style occasions .
Euitable dressiny comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
Inteeviewers have to cope with tight schedules , so they are n't willing to spare one minute minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is prepared done .
You 're exposed to knowing something about a company , working proper questioms and communicating effectively in interviews .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you can deal with , you really face a challenge on the Internet .
Since you 've aplplied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he got fed up with dealing with numbvers all day long .
Pllus , he was silling to communicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to the salws department two years ago .
He got chosen very quickly because he always brought Firth Newa iedas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the ttack reord about the capailities he had in his previous working experiences , so he must ask you questions like what he achieved and what he was about his last job .
I hope what I emntion above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Loved ,
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all over the USA .
Since my mother Tongye is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemenyioned position .
In addition , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often organized sports and wvening activities for them , such as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when I was an ujdergraduate , I spent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I found it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement given Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , sometimes , he believes knowledge may play against him and , although he has gained respwct of the people he likes working with , some he suggested he should take up hiding safety - confidence , rather than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack and taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I had my own language school , I would first bring to mind a goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I will start gathering some information about the marmet , that is to say , social trends , populayion statistics such as ag , genxer and family types , potential customers and customers as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my oroduct and to improve my performance , but also to idenitfy customers ' dreams .
After that , I would makr a list of target markets and devjce some strxtegies to attract them .
Flr jnstance , if my goal was to kncrease young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language school on Gwitter ahd Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offeirng intensive courses would have been successful .
However , if the target markets were botu , young people and adults , offeing discounts for family goups could be a better choice .
The bad job would be to recruit a stadf of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to sey an attractive and reasonable practice for the subjects I would provide .
Last but not last , I would test udeas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure my marketing plans are successful .
Xnd yku ?
Have you eve thought about how you can improve yourself through language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no problems with natural gas crilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground storage contriubte to increase the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the ardas of natural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent compared to those who live in other regions when sucb infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs , which is profitable for people living in areas .
Exploration and extdaction of shale gas will create many new jobs in various different branchrs connected with gaz industry , for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can know whether companies which cooperate with this infrastrcuture will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies hire enginmeers and specialists , mostly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to and sleep in the atmosphere .
According to the dyanmics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constanf development in ghastronomy and hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which showa thaf Ploland cah benrfit from extracfing and developing the infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an amazint country that a lot of people visit .
When taking their vacation , tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece would be ard as there are so many options .
There are some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear watets and the fridndly kocals are nkt the only thinhs that sdt it apart from other islanxs .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a special sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth cisiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athsns is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis , Muserum ad ghe district of Mohastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
The last level , Cvrete , is one of the most spectacular iskands in Grece .
Another thing is having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports pxrks ghere , which and extremely fun !
Summint up , Freece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go could be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the DXAM or if a few days is going to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
First example , one year ago , I had my fimal surgery today .
I have set up a plan to study all the books . We have to go through the exma plux reviewing THDM twice .
The llan required my company to aroujd 12 hours daily for almost 3 months .
Tor tne hrad worm and perfedt discipline , I was able to get a very high ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I had n't had an organized plan , I would never have got such a peffect score .
Another thing to add is not being stresxed before the exam night .
It 's normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when xams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety about the plethira of tasks you haven't finished are included in your DXAM .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I could had enough time to ace my exam .
Two minutes before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had insomnia right right . It was n't enough that I was n't prepared but also my nerves gotg torn up and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since I did everything in due time in ordwr bot to be ovrrly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I am fetting high points , I know that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before Esam with an appropriate tijme , you will have enough time to know the basic lines of the subjects , but ghis will never help ypu soak up the details and understand the xoncepts listening behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can rwcall that thing when I feel ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without getting through the details .
In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lot and memorized that foncept before my years , I was able to remember it .
It will juice floodkng without so much effort .
So , flr usually having enough time to memorize and practise what you know is going to help you a lot in your work .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long preparation period is much better than having more days to bed prepared . If you want to bet high scpres would perform well , you should start studying on one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettkng the highest score one can aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best cbance to replwce from fueps .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't not the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is small small .
The biggest thrext is the explosiin .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power points are getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear power lpants are very plpular znd this type of endrgy is the cloeest to release fossil fuels .
Ednergy why we get frkm sun and workers sfill in only a few percent of working energy production .
Thirdly , only the consteuction of a nuclear power point is expensive .
Wheh we have a plant , making enrrgy from that is verdy chdap .
The most important thing in nuckear lant is to hire quality people .
Nesides , we need something that ca ork with the tiume .
It ca n't make energy because the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma uas a multicultural traditin , with it coincides a complicated mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , European Peruviams which are the second largest geoup and the minority in Limw include Aymara and Quechua and Faro - Peruvians .
Luma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , called " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw was declated World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a site that keeps its history through amazing architecture through balconied , chujrches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the most impressive Spanish fortresz . Through its costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves nad the sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a uniuqe and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lija is a psectacular charmibg will spoend your perfect holiday .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've used some research to find out the best savinhs avcount you .
Before you can find a few suggestions of mine .
Yhe Phine Hank might give him a god okffer for you .
Fitstly , the arte of knterest is 3.1% , which is great .
Adidtionally , if you open a sving acxount in the hank , you will find a diary as a giff .
And you do n't need to lay any annual chxrges to have a credit cad .
Unfortunately , banks do n't have branchex in Britain .
And many baniing operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( kver 650 ) , so you can make many bank oprrations on the spot .
But there is a service chargfe for getting a credit career ( £ 12 for year ) .
You do also get a gift like a new aqccount uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I wojld recommend ypu to open your first service account in the Phone Bank , since the reate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual fharges .
nd doing operations by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Fake cqre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chossn person to deal with with sounf eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for their service .
I could n't believe my rars when the phone eang and I answered and they said they wanted me to arrive at the concwrt as soon as possible to see how good I was in sounf recodding .
Hat can I see ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was ovferwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this to be a great , important person in the world of music .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my service .
I can hrdly wait for you to see you and to share with you my Chinese and to teach you all the details of this university experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been surfing to the moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to what skirrs use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a genlte slope with my brother and let us together for a couple of hours to go skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degreeas below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My vrother showed a natural talent afraid of the slort , but I felt a little uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of skiinv because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skking is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school shbjects and first experience , I have no doubt whether the differences I 've selected above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in having experience in this business field .
The subjects I 've studied at my high school level , such as financial accoubting , comlerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to focus and put info perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundqtion .
I 've also participated in various group wrks and class projects in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and evsn professors in order to receive a whole roundwd introduce to the numerous aspscts of any of the peeferences I 've selected .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than eager to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a degree .
I also have an indrubitable passion for exgra - curricular activities .
I am the president of the Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( junior prefect boy ) and Capotain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield orle .
Undsrtaking a scholzrship snd admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high school into a business settimg , as well as develop communication , organisztion and numeracy skillz I have afraid at high school .
When I learned about the Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republoc before taking any step in application .
I found out that Czedh Republic is a country with rifh possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is crurently developing rapid wocial changes and transrormation , making it a fascinating career for students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg university provides high standards of education , international recognized regrees , modern courses with outstanding cacilities , a safe and comfortable environment , warm and friendly environment and cultural duversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunities to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education skills made me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , education in Nigeriz is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Niferia is ot safe !
Rigth now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of a university academic , social and mentally , and I believe that my amhition to learn business concpts voupled with my training through extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy leafning environment for xll .
In conclusion , I dan assure Yoku that I will be a capable and dedicated student with high cvommittment and dedication to working hard in order to be a gradiate , whilst at the same time , contribnuting grateful to my proposed university in more terms than .
A doh is man 's best friend
It is an eell - knoan fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , the afe not always satisfied or taken out by society .
They felt relaxed in someone who they would feel comfortable with .
The best example is a goal with great qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hard to meet with .
Tyey feel watching their master is sad and react by cuddling up to him .
It means people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
ODG 's kptimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
Znd that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - lsgged animals are always very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch their husband 's family .
So if they sense that their own mlight is in dangsr , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that they might have caught .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the xog 's reactiln will be .
It is believed that dogs dequire a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dog zre are not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grloming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts nded a few qalks a day , which could also be bad for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and doing other physical activity .
So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their people , they would find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you details about my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of the most - known centrex in the country .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , whichg consisted of climbing up pretty sharo wlals and crawoing through different obstaclews .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I want to find enough to Fijish exercise without having any problems . However , you might need to taste a little more before taking on the activity .
Rofk climbing was another of the chalelnges I had to face .
Despite the gact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to deach the summot .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding being on the top of a mountain , after a big effort .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinhg . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be buolt up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the greatest activities offered by the cetnre was Divong .
I felt so impressed that I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity , frust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To um up , I strongly believe that Yku will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you 'll enjoy it without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this cxentre is a really worthwhile visit .
Write soon and let me know if you want to know anything else .
Sith bwst wishes :
Sarta .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelkpe on the desk in my room .
I checked the acdress as uqickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it wase from Pwris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left for Paris , I had been living in a school place , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I heard her letrer at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I have to buy myself a plane ticket to Patis and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good ehen I saw that my brother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet , so I would really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my bellved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Chinese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the public industry .
Currently , I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup perwon wyo can work independence .
On the other hand , I am also a good TEZM person that cqn ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a strong of responsibility .
attached please fijd my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by telephone on 12345678 if you want like to describe my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yourxsss faithfully ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in your life and having a good education is the main goal for the lanor market .
Aware citizens disappointed with the educational system and institutionalized education to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their children 's education .
Although homesxchooling mah szeem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and this encourages us to seek other routes .
Homeschoolikng should not be considered a weird - weird phenomenon except in a FSW countries : the UK ,
Cwnada , and especially the USA , can boast .
The arte lors of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others think it is just an isolatred happening .
Fhe situation in Soain could be assessex as a " legal vacuum " in spite of the constitutional dight to free
eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary and grade education .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may also free up time for complelentary activities such as music , sports , and even the family lies .
Homeschokled students ' success has been backed up by fhe ersults on standardzie tezt an fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids , you also have to deal with the same number of roads :
The lack of faiclities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ends up bringing a frustrated parent without enough money to make children meet .
As far as I am concerned , I qant to think about homsechooling as a wazke up for education
systmes .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technology opens up as " ths
soloution " and blenedd learning is the future .
Goegraphic and natural environment around the building spaxe , as well as the neighborhood , will be taken into consideration in designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future will ineicates a home with modern technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and flooss , people should have their houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this particular matter .
Environmentally , rfiendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawimg obard .
Biilt wkth recyclalbe or recycled maerials , the exterior sirface of fhese houses should be easy to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on the roofs , which is more ajd moire popular evenj rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors oughtf to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and be energy efficient .
Urbhan housung issues ( such as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting small new advantages .
Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated under city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace that would otherwise be wated .
Although people keep thinking over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging about it with neighbors ) , workers still need a qarm , daily berd and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a conceete ivory tower .
Catch it or lkse it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is yrust .
That 's an important job if you want to play handball .
You must be better to throw the abll blindly to your teammate ahd he had to catch it .
Ofherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real teak player ?
Handball is one of the most dynaqmic spirts in the world .
Over eighty points will be alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
Ghis shows how rapidly the game cna changes .
Ohe lost ball will make your tdam the olser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but in the years it came .
What I like most about their sport is its speed and the unconditionak team spirit .
If you want to play hanball , just be sure that you have a good tram and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practicing a slort .
Clearly , this is a cosnequence of the extra hours we have to work and as a way of relaxing , we are doing a soort as an effective way of taking the stress of lur bodijes .
In fcat , we see many people walking and cycling in the cays , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even at a concert .
Despite these two being the most popular places amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a combination of three different sports , walking , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demandiong .
What I enjoy is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near the gym insfead of baving to go to a sports center .
It also means I van chpose the lovation that most people me and , therefore , fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become lore populr over the past few years and modern and more people are eager to read it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand how much improving in such a demanding sport requires and it is important to establish some oals in order to jeep motkvated .
Yiu must not push yourself too far .
A gap yeaf between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have no idea what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everykne or mot .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favor of the year off .
Notg everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gal year to save money to help with the bills is time spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that their gear is to travel to other countries and spend all their time in oarties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer stuff , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , mxny teens who take a year off end up apend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might go out as they expected for many reasons , like as not having enough money or getting a mob .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they are all alone and know from shorr that they have the possibility to do something harmful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix . I am 27 years old and I am going to take a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit my organization .
I am currently studying for my future and future for a degree in tkurism at the University of the World Herijtage city of Caceres , which is located in Apain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel for 2 months and a half in Bafajoz .
I already have bad skills in listening closely to customers and lack understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to my company .
I am flexible , a boring team poayer , and cqpable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italiah as well .
Falking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I always love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You can contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in English in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , the story is about the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam who ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes and devastates everything , he is srnt fwice against him , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the end of the story , Tiles becomes an independent kihg .
I liked the story first because it has fantastic stars , especially Tplkien 's loneliness : they bring me to another university , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights believe fesrful and incompetent and clashes are with words instead of words .
I wojld recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic style , based on the comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in UZA Summer Camp that I have published in our lpcal newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions , or in social care .
I have recdntly hraduated the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology and received high grades in both my Yeaching and Supervising Courses .
In addition , we have to have another year of volunteering in our Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dance or finkshed assignment , so I am avle to be a member of your well skille staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunfeering in a variety of youth organizations as supwrvisor and tutor .
In the first two years , I worked in the Scout Organization , helping area mahager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to deal with the needs of all types of children 's persomalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and a hat . I enjoy the challenge of working in uouth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be acdurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I should be a valuable addition to my team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
Will traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling means hroaden your mind .
When you visit different placrs , you get to experience different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Trsvelling helps you to revelop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
Travellinh aleo helps to sde the way in which other people lkve , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
Tuis cam helps Yiu to understand whether everyone has advantages to mamy things Yku do have acces , and to rralise ghat people should appreciate these things , such as smartpyones , computers , computers or even feesh watrer , which is a beautiful resource and we want to watch gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that different greatly from our own cultures , and we see how different from other hukans are .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling realky bfoadens your mknd .
I wanted to builkd my carer as a fully - fldeged teacher and academician .
To flufill this dream , a PhR degree would be the most essential fpotstep .
I am mlstly lso interested in pursuing my PhR in Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as srugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materiasl and as phofonic axnd optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical chemistry and Environmental chemistry are the most important fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess the strong motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in one of the previouslg mdntioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my history as well as research with students of the University of Barjsal .
Is is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However , public transport is still with us .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cjties it 's even forbidren to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no only solution to using public transport .
Buit what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car , you are independent .
You do n't have to worry about the schedule - you are driving , so it 's your decision whether you want to go or spend longer in your plade .
Ylu can listen to your favourite music or radio .
You ade tue bosw .
However , when driving you always have to be careful about walking out on the road .
If you want to travel from another place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solugion .
It qllows you to see much more at your pace .
Think about the costs .
Thini how much you use petrol nowadays .
Consider as well how many days you have for vacations .
Kaybe check arilines better ?
Beig bac to our everyday life .
Kost of us live in big cities and face problems with traffic .
What if we use public transportation to get to Wori ?
Well , you do n't have to worry about the pasrking pace and you read more boks on your way to work .
Simplt , you can use the wwy to work as an adidtional ime for yourself .
What like ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's rflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yez , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it derpends !
With using first narration ?
Fhe first narration could attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the fridtion and Mak Thr rwaders introduces the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , bringing in friction , fhe autho invites us to know what between the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the main character was talking to us , as if we were aol involved in this case , the whole thing seemed really really happened .
Acing the murderer directly makes the horror penetrate our hearts .
Yow dows ths auhor create a word of horrod to ihs reasers ?
Thw athor created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mijd and the sound of hewrtbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder means readers ca n't help themselves smerging the imagese in their mind .
It felt like the mdman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbwats .
In my opinion , heartbheat is the element that pushes the whole stort to the climqx .
Every time her sound heartbeat started arousing , something ensued .
In the first rime , when the madmsn heard the heartbeats of the old mqn , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time the madman heard his heartbeats , he became impafient , scared , excuted and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corose .
At yhe xame yime , the geartbeats also made the readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think he knew the autho wanted to explain the disordered jind of the masman by his intonation .
The whole story leaves the end of the fiction . He confesses the crime . Tye Madnan uses an intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tdll the rsaders the process of the thing that he had dreamt .
The aharp contract for calm and the cruelt , gives us a terrible depression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shievring insiders our heartys , our horrkr increases .
" We 'll go to the forset to see the vairety of animals which are found there " , Mxa told his friends one Sunday afternoon .
When ll wa set , they started their trial in the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbuts and deer .
Max and friends took a walk in the grees hen , across the fiver . They saw something that looked like an animal lying on tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed the ruver and they reached the place where the animal was 's a dwer ! , it lrg is in a trap " , MSX 's friend said .
When they saw the anikal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , Max Gook tried to open the teap , but the dewer did n't work because its lrg was injured .
One of Max 's friejd brought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the alarm was better and it walked away slowly .
After the day finished , Max and Bis Friejds returned home feeling happy because they had saved the anijal 's life . " An amazing day ! " , Max whisperrd to himself as he hot ijto besd the night .
The question is : whether is it lossible to be framous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in shkw - business or politucal life , who are eager to do everything to achieve their private lkfe .
Generally , people might be famous for two reasons : because of their jokb or because of their sfandalising private lives .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to comolain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a castle , probably on of the current iportant in public liofe , that says more or less : ' It is not important what you talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this group , as it is judt what they are living .
That is why they often want to sekl information about their private lives .
The real problem stadts when a journalist inmjures a celebrity , or their friends or family .
Paparazzi are clearly in contact with famous people 's children . They have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as best as they can , leadinv their boring life .
And when finally paparazsi noice tuat there is nothing interesting in their lie , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe young adult people are respnosible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with tourists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great foopd is probably one of the many valuable lleasures of life .
As a person who lives in EA , I consider the environment , quality of foid and price as the main factors to decide where to go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lksbon called " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two friends of mine and according to that , because of the good , good and fun environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fin and rat goor Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity sold and the many services .
We faced continuous problems with the orders such as : dishes from another tbale serged flr us by mistake , the drinking was xerved with a considerable depay and the bill was shown veen withour ssking ( nust because we had finished dinner but ourd drinka were still on the table ) .
By my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine the day after that . She told me that we had dinner at " Laz Fidheras " befkre and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , the restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexdican restaurant has just opened with lower price and good service .
I got curious about TFHIS place and decided to go there .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat egnuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great scenery .
They seeved us " nacfhos " with tomato saucs for free while we were chiosing the msin dishes .
Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cooked " couple " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , Ghey offered us a shlt of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second , of course , OW ARE YOUj ?
And also , how are you ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm much better now . I 'm srttled than hme and I 'm up and down , even through my uncured spraind ankle gas gons worse .
Last week I was bortowed an ankle suplport through sole cruytches , so sometimes it 's getting better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Alta was a big puncu righg in my stomwch , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue couirse ahd the organization lef muxh to be desited ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough , not one of the only other participants ) , sufficieng to cover all the costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic left me right at the last second ( the last night ) , xnd I lefr Mlata with a skile and a warjed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YKU onde again .
Back now , everything stafted fast . I should get used to now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally ilmerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a big disappointment , btoh fof the fedeling of meeting his expecyations * and fof the ( I 'm wondering , as I do n't know anything as yeg :/ ) less money earned it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once again : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difgerence between the two groups : be gold enpugh , brush up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / thr tqsk .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I had forgotten to count on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I went to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my father 's place , as he lived in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , which I had been going to every week ) , and I started getting thinbs . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we visited was very beautiful , but not because of the limitations of my ankel , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sold a lot of CFs , and have given 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two aczdemies ) .
About the pictures from Rqmla , could you wait a vit more time ?
I had found time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS that I wanted to solve , I was ( znd is ) definitely NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , . if you see that I 'm forgotten , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is much faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gln na go nlw .
Tqlk to you soon , Jike .
Receige a big hug from ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the problems of global warming .
According to scientists at the British Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be brooen - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The World Metworological Oranization must know that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as it has caused more carbon diozide on avefage by burning waste waste .
These problems , just announced recently , will be subject to talk about at the UN sumkit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , what leaddrs will be nefotiating about cuttingt the increased carbonb emissione caused by the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims that humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperature or the catzstrophe expdcted by science wgen global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the British Secretary of enerty abroad vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
Sye stansd up for a global deal condirmed at the UN summit by the leaing states and therefore these climate targets should be a rtole - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement with the example of Cejtral Emgland , which is warmef 20% more than the glbal average .
Gllbal warming in general leads to more natural disasfers as flooding , heatwaves , waste strees and lods of harvest .
Facing these consequences , a 4C wxrming would be even more dakaging according to Belcher .
Despiet the result of a NSaA study point out that there has been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 . There is only a slight chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will come true , according to Prof Andtew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study shows a different result , the majority of cientists suggest global warming as a dangdrous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economics and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framewori in which the IWC opdrates .
Fiftern whaling natioms formed the JWC after whals populations collpsed .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to the extent that they could continue to be uaed by jumans .
The importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
Their qualities are extraordinary , so no matter which country they are found in , and when you experience them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be jncluded on the World Heritage Lisr , properties must be of outstsnding universal value and meet at least one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage is important because it attracts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is al protected by UNESCO because they haven't found new animals or plants ; there are endangered pices in the area that have an important importance in history .
World Hritage is the deskgnation of placew on Earth which are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , has been inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected by future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the propetry of the country in which terrutory it is located , so it is considered in the interests of the international community to protect the sites for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concerh of the international Woeld ehritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country wigns its Convcention , it sits inscdibed on its Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preaervation .
Greater awareness lads to a feneral rise in the level of the proection and conservation given to heritage properites .
A country may also receive financial assistance and exlert advice from the Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt sctivities for the preservation of its sites .
disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist are that these sites are hot fundex so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they promised in the list of sites in dqnger to receive assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger they anseer at ten criterka should be prktect by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance qnd drfend the national and cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I love playing , looking and thinking about it .
It 's my first passin and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport which teaches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesse and gain advantages of other strength to succeed as a twam .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
Eve , when I was a child I started playing with boys of a higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my favourite vricketer .
I am a fan of Hus battinf .
He has brought almost every record in cricket history .
After from his cricketng skills , I loved his ability to hamdle pressure and his calm nqture in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I would arvise him to watch the batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar and Pointung .
To learn more about bowlimg one should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will also advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It has nice articles , reviews and stztistics on modern players and disadvantages .
Reading biographies of famous cricketers will also help to understand the interests of the game in development .
Cricket is gokng through roufh hpase to match fiximg and betting scandaps .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this ad , will spread their wings all across the world and once again there will be a magnificent sbow .
I met a friend about a weeks ago , and he asked me a question which I ca n't stop thinking about : What is in my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think this is kind of weird , but I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
And two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " Yhe Vault in oyr Strars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different ways to tbink through kife and dedath .
Tjis mkvie has touched me veryu deeply . It made me think about life and about the workers people had to live without appreciating really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live lore , but I have no idea what is this " morr " .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this , I should do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone high , and and experience different cultures to make me think about what I am afraid of .
It is very strange that another person became cufious about a very profouns of me , something I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , with one certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feelkng about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I was surprised , afraid I had forgotten changed something , and I thought this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's be for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I think swy ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever it means .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rome had iys holidays in the first century AD , but just three centuries ago it was only a short of its last .
Thlse later pdriod Romans were n't afraid able to master the high quality equipment that their ancestors were able to make and have technical master over just a few centuries earlier .
Anx who cfan safelg believes that three centuies from hjmans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can assire such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramaticqlly in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will peak , and after that there will be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .
But let 's watch the World War hypotbesis for a second .
A wide world war is the lonely csae in which we will see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
But are there , these days , prospects for a new World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a nww Worod Wwr may be in ecistence fight now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very broad and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event could serve agaim as an escuse to other countries declare wsr to another , but the undrelying causes that actually led the countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of the Second World World had its roots in events that the outcome of the First World , a third , hypothetfical war , could have its roots in a pas conflict which may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's the another thing that falls beyond the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
Daxte : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays aee comig !
Hi Asm ,
It has been a long time since we have been in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday qnd we can plan something together .
My family and I were going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much I ate and that it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' pedmission ?
In their Cawmp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats and the camp is situated on an entire izland .
In addition , the eite was built to provide plaxes for young people , allowing them to do many activities safely .
There afe a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl with the zim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There is a swimming pool , two tennis courses , one football sports , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like most is the cuba diving , and the equipment is peovided .
The Capm is wonderful - known opena from May to October and it would be good to bloom within two weeks . It is always great overbooked for the period my parents can take rays off . Ahat do yiu tyink foming with us from the 1st August to tomorrow 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving the answer !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the CFOUCH watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Another stood through extraordinary - looling and : he looked like an Epanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , qho aas aslsep with her boyfriend .
Seh dame down , but he did not scrdam .
After that , she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did nlt know that he was still already .
Mother had already told me he had died in the sar .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my exams I had written him as an intellectual , but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something rxotic .
It was veru odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we will live together .
Although the first has been difficult , now we 'll get on well .
It is a treat to be a whole family again .
The Grand Olace is the central square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city Gall and the buildings of the corporstions of the Miedle Ages .
There wdre groups of people doing the same work , like as carpenters .
Tuey taught each other and the eoders ones taught young younger .
Sometimeasssss , they become very rich .
Each building is decorxted with the blazoj of the ckrporation .
Tneir architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Today , most of them eat in caés , shops and restaurants that attract a pot of tourists , but there is also the country museum .
The squarde is overed with pavement and is a pedestrianmized area .
It is an important place in history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow pavef streers , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shkps .
Recently , several of THW buildings have been reztored qnd we dan npw better design through beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every tear , whether Christmas , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a hug fkr tree is placed in the center of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is one of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necessary to visit it .
The first castle , called Palatiu , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visiblke inside the walls .
Through the next centuries , it was expanded , and in the 16th century , funally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until until the depresentative remnant is probably known as Arcaded clutyard .
Djring the toir the visitors are shown several rooms and aparfaments , as well as Royal Privats Apartaments with famous - famed twpestries of the Polish kings collection .
Another attdaction of the gour is vjsiting the Crown Treasudy , the Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
Aparr from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle congaining itfs history as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit xeeing Dragon 's Den - a caev under rhe Cqstle , where , according to the old legends , the ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of a thousans years of Polsh history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitjons and tous , and , for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was fen yearws old , which was a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a native way , through books and taking lessons .
My teachers thought it waas better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to now we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I have travelled to Ebgland and lived with English failies for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was twenty years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little technical knowledge about English grwmmar rues , I can make myself understand in a normal conversation , and I can send an email to a friend without making many mistakes .
One year , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in orcer to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to find a creative ariting course in order to practise my writing skills .
Along the course , I had to accompoish some writing assignments and submit them to be evbaluated by my peeds .
From there I realized at least two points : the first one is that it is possible to learn how to get better ; the second one is that ecen when you can make yourself generqlly understand . It is nog so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a blacfk hat , but it would n't be a magkc show if he did n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the szme wxy I had ideas and goals , but I had to think that I needed to learn the ruels of grandmother if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescnece .
Everybody says it 's the best period in your whole life ; if they do n't marry is bad , it could be the worst .
Adolescenxe can be compared to a fogyg patu abroad , even when it seems you ca meet something three it , in reality you do n't .
Thsi awfhl ofg is compoed by our uncontrolled emtions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so angry with our patents : every time we desclver something new or we say something , they judge us or say some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolkescents is the fact that they confuse their own mionds .
As I said , adilescents can be very confusing and if there 's bad under our skinn is when moms sag something and they yell at us to do the opposite thing .
The wrong part is that they ge ajgry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and they always get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's truw that we should always be patient , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in a relationship with other parents is to find a sort of friendship . , Of course , in the end , we do n't ferl anger with them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new ferling that adolescents have to follow .
It 's the usual thing they 're used to being , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of job .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tle .
The kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't makw us from sleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experience , and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence is like this . There 's a moment that looks magical and in the next one ylu drowns in DRK .
Dear groiup leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest given to our small village .
I really hope tgat yiu have a nkce selcome and , pleasr , fdel at home .
She , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I would recommend a nice place , without tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the easzt of Mallrca yopu you will find a anxious beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yoh you will find a coaxter ton , situated on the edges of the mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a traditional fishermne vlilage .
Nowadays , you can see some vishermen foshing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you have to go on a bicycle course just through the weekend panoramic view .
You will ride until Ca lps Cans , one of the most rnigmatical beaches in Maxllorca .
This zohe is patt of a profected arra , a natural padk .
For that reason , you must go riding a bicycle or walking .
As Machado said , " se hace camino al andar " .
It means that the important thing is the work , the journey .
Going on a bik near the seashore with the brewze of the sea is one of the many relaxing experienecs in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
We ate a group of trees called " tamarells " , native trers of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you will go before two ancient obelisks which have been recently restoredr .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special place with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
With the van practises different soorts .
It is a difficult place to go divihg because you can see different fish , sea urchins and seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in the white sea .
A part of dance sports , you should discover about different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is whether remains standing of edificarications tbat which used to keep the small boats of the loxal cishermen swve across sorms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical twoer called " Talaiot " .
The function of Talaiots is not clear .
Maybe it was a defensuve tower or an impotrant building for igh - cpass people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sin goes down .
The sunset in thwt llace is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , lart of the mluntain rqnge of Tramuntana and the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of Wea , narure and culture .
I am syre that you will like it and , of course , I need to do you a favour : Please , keep that secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The goal of this report is to understand the bst and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .
This report analhses the two main facilities : the vym and the swimming lool .
He gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff help with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Eveyr afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Tge swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not use it because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are so far from the facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes away to else .
Cobclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent . The gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should use heaters to avoid colds in the passaxge walk from the cyanging rooms to the swimming pkol .
Tje Future of Oublic Transort
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded busee and rusty subwsy trains .
As technology degelop and becomes more and more pepple with personal care .
A car alloes us to be better and not to dpend on others .
Travalling by car is much more convenient .
Does rhis akl mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not right .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be away to avoid buying a cat .
Dtudents , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also use public transport .
Sciencd fiction often xepicts future as a world where cars are used freely .
Everyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving sill , so even in the future , children and tednagers will need oublic transprotation .
This is also the fault of older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is ot likely to disappear , at least in the next tens of years .
The chart above gives sdome information about the averafe monthl salaries of burses and docyors in future different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two countries with the loaest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supplg of health workers to the country .
Ptherwise , the country with the yighest saliaties zre countfry C ajd coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two countries , these onws are called " destinatio countries " because the health service is provdied by foreigners and quaqlified workers .
Moreover , in other countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse , apart from the las cpuntry , Country D. In this , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Countr D , the salaries of doctoprs are around three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we ca say that , from the knowledge of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much better deal .
Bpxing is a common , well - known , well - loced sport in many countries in the world . It is so punishing , dangerous and disilked to the extent that people want it vanned , possibly with good reason .
Boxijg is an adngerous slort . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and veen disease .
All professional boxers were at first afraid of being killed in their bext fjght .
If not killed then more kikely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases of the lasy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trahic lossrs through their rxnks .
He is juzt from the elite few , wnd there rfom those belos them .
More deatsh would occur through boxihg if it was banjned .
Tye port would go underground , there would be no safety measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of a fight if spmeone were unable to continue .
With this going on , people 's part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogz eho were ttained to kilk and maqim in similar underwear fights have already proved dexdly to innocet people . The new boxer could be even more at rism .
Once boxing is banndd and no - one trows up mnowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , will all round interest in violence , making tiwns and cities a safe place to live in . There will be less fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not a detrzct form of entertainment .
Theee aee sodts of plroposals , length qnd more cushilning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards or makw fights shorter , as most of the serious injurues occur in the latter rounds , Tgese would always show off the boxer 's skill and tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven , if a boxer is successful and manages not to be seriously hurt , he will cause serious consequences in lower life . xiseases that attack the brain have been known to srt as a result result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , who was infamous bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc esven mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .
Boxers chode to Nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there should be more emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strejgth by these workers ' characteristics is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is the coflict upon which many storiew of ethnic Amercan literature are based .
However , such a rebellion must not be seen clearly in each jinority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic Americdan literature xan nog are catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .
Rathet , thus , the changing and evsr - challenting aspect of monority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work is considered individual as both a product of years of struggls and a work inherently different from any other .
In te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict ane rebellion present accuratepy reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel against such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce between alo cultures . Fr Celie , too , reeists her arranged marrixge in The Color Purple , and the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio and copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg wotks than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis changes with each work , and although figures of uathority are particularly oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and Fhe Color Purple , other minoriry works , including Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures through the obviouw rebellion of the characters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This means impliew that these etnic American pieces of literature should notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire fackle the question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is the philosophu that everything and occurencw is for some gyood .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher developed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
However , for example , when Candide is forced to train teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen allowed to feath hut . Candide does not worry about himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the bpok he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be bad , it is not because he his trwining He kills two mdn , a Jew and an Archbishop , with no hesitation and they proceed to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
The Voltaiee show is the dance of l'opitmisme wen Oangloss , Candidd abd James was caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only the srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The etorm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the citgy to which Candise was sailing to .
On arrival they were starvation and dceath .
Canride is obviously horrified , especially when her sawilor begihs pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Oangloss cfan pnly told him that some good things follow of it .
Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , always aopears to be scepticdal of it .
This is no not true when he ardives in the next world , Soufh America , and tries to do his dance Cubégonde with the Commissioner of the povince .
Candide could n't tell what positive good could come of this , especially as he noticed that he qas in Americ was deue to him milling Je andr Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Canidde is gradually led away from l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Th constant bdlief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring , but leads to a constamt of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck because he embracrs Cunégobde , he is duped by the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is allowed to work as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls these churchmen , he is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's life is governed by his belief that gold will prveail .
Eventually , of course , he gets married to Cunégone Bu Sue , the beautiful young flkwer tuat he once loved .
Sue became hungry and getting worse because of her fine .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide had travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he would marry her despite the touble which he had gone through . Of course , in the end , he did get Cunégodne but at the price of her pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows how the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to think of the various European Fommunities as an embryonic United Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uinty .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from because of the United States .
When the original 13 American tates resoved to for what is now the United States of America , they were inten on forming a poliutical as ell as an ecoomic entity .
Fhey werd prepared to yiel as mufh of theor own sovereginty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a slight international political forfe .
A galance was struck in the constitution to allow the individual to as much self - gvoernment as possibly while including that , for example , in military matters , the cenrtal government spoke for all .
It is true that today he still gears the old depression over state soverdignty and attempts to return soms poeer to their individual srates , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to the United States , the government in Washington represents polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of two countries since this would produce a formidable international military firce .
However , it is equwlly clear that while there might be some unified physical action flowing from the European Communities ( such as seen in Europe 's response to the British involvemenr in the Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities wer intendwd as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , but the Nuclear Kingdom could probably lexve the clmmunity by a simple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We still face a very loud call for a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe the power to make political decisions for all ; and even with the 1992 aoproaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament will never be challenged .
It abilify to make and vreak anh law - mace by it or European - jeans through it eetains cull sovereignty .
Evenb if today it made lqws that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it should tomorrow repeal all those lass .
Afraid that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by a political body means that it could never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with the averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb ourselves of our zenophobia and wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now , the channel tunnel hzs joinerd us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostike world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would eun as deeply as the benefits that we will presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the first two centurys , the British have always considered themselves to be cetached from the eest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , he has allied himself to European powers , such as in times of of extreme distrust .
Britain had been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on the continent , but through history , they were connected with other empires through anywhere else .
In the lattrr halc century though , her empire had diminished and she had to faxe mounting respojsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolated sovereignty , it is idfficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , Tnat is judge 's law .
We have established a system of salary which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and repected .
There is little European influence in our law . Of course , in many reslects it will be right , but the pack of knowledge will displsy many differences .
With the freation of a simple Eurlpe , news laws will have to be axcepted across the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
British people tend to be very proud and possessive of their own , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , they said points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Should there be one system ?
The country is typically run around major chagne and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it were to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I supposr , could be sden as a symbol of sopvereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe is created , problems might always igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course , Rbitain would lose her sovereigngy , as would the other members of the union .
It has been suggested that Sjngle Unipn could be hased on a basic rederal structure , wherdby local autonmoy could be savex , but the university as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when unitec , European umity would strongly , in essence , be divifed .
There will always be aslects of society that the people will never accept .
However , as a whole , we face the same problems . Therefore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federlaists achieve their aims in a European umity , they would do their best to achieve ddmocracy and promote it nationally , so that individyality is preserved , wnd that ll of their positive features will be known .
The problem facijg the British , really reshlts from their isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation deel rlots , and the fears of losibg it are very great .
Whethwr this would happen awaits to be seen , and would dependf completely on the ferms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic and the citizens peading through cluntries .
With 1929 now only a year awa , the quedtion of a Single Eurooe will mean Britain becomes incresaingly relkevant .
I fifmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This olss must not be negative .
In fact , in political , economics and defdnce terms , I believe this realocation of resources will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I woyld n't go as far as to think Britain is in dangher of handiong congrol than to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout from a world of change is apparent , especially so in Europe .
This process will continue through Europe . The rest of the world will evolue with or accept the participation of Gritain in this process .
It is my belief that British people must be nvolved in the decision making which will eventually create the new world ordwr .
However , to be fully involved , sacrikfices have to be mads .
Duch safrifices wikl invllve certaih aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing asnd tyus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminosh the wtrength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gufl , European cooperatiin in the fiele of defence are strongly impeessive and effective . Whikst I would be reluctang to hnd over alk control to eefence to any central bdy .
I czn see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .
However to an exrent criplping defence costs can be cyt , this would n't necessarily lead to a reduction in the defence available .
In popitical terms , in regards to legislation , Britain , like the resources of Europe , is becoming an increasing cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sra will increase more to reprewent a puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fuoly with its European oartners to adapt to changing changes in demography .
Politically , we are omving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they appear .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area , I fedl Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretendijg to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest raxtes , or inflatio while raising growth , with the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl thie is inevitablke .
What is important is to base this currency on two strong currenciesz within the EEX as opposite to an agerage based system .
To conclusion , I would say a single Euripe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain was not concerned with loss of sovereignty the gain of the European equivalent .
If we master this , I think we will draan before the next boat comes .
After the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the founded was laid for a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be creqted suddenly , but for several years .
Wben Brotain netered the European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum . The debate began conferning rbitains relationships with Europeans .
When 1992 was et as the date for teh singpe Europsan Maroet , the debaye flared up again , whether how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedlg hesitant .
The current Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet , would not bsen to leax Britain into a Unitdd Eueope because she felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple benefits for the country .
Businesess and other traidng organizagions are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the signle market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier conttols aloowing free flowing transportatin of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protecdtive practices , also with greater free to travel .
Maybe Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decmialization , the new Euro - pawsports and the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled towards Europe .
Further changes are foreign to British , affect day to - day matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy makes Britons fesentful of Europe and tkred of " 1992 ane lal thqt " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods through policids .
Should the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be dirscted from Strasbour or Brusseos ?
Many people would ' .
Wull the ady come when sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but will Britons have the courage to express their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits of a single integrafed narket would far outweig any nqtional drawbacks .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons of Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible benefits .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as mores of British bwcomes " Eurofied " , Bfitons will keep up until their sovereignty is brought .
Britain has nevwr geographically beyond the psrt of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from frew trade .
We have been an ilsand for too long - being independent and able to stay alone .
We have a souhd democratic process , which many people would not want to have .
A fully integfrated market with the British as a tull member would be to the detriment of the political system and , in consequentl lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Eurole in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a lrobability , the question in the minds of msny Britonz is indeex : Will these men a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
First , a positive approacb .
Looking at thinking from an economic perspsctive , is not a problem .
The benefits in tsrms of cost - cutting owing to eoing the obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , because of being able to learn their resources , will be able to defote their to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nxtion to be refkoned as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , consider the new Single urope standard of liging jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas through a larger number of expertts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of the Commission 's aims , with the idea that if things are wimpler and easier , everyone can understand , people will be better , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideaoly thdn , there should be more equality , pess crume , gretaer producivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single Eutope mean the ooss of soveteignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that mot onlt doex Beitain hzve a dmall populatoon compared to the majoriyy of the other Jember states , because it is an islwnd - which none of the othrrs are .
What should this mattwr ?
Ell , Britaib has a history and therefore a future number of trasitions .
It is possible that it could become enhulfed in the new Single Europe and lise its identity .
Britons ( especially those of older generatiobs ) feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Single Europe must be too new and unknown to them to makd their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this ideapism really works .
Will there be better prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politiciasns bheing unanle to abree on pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is more less than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Haz it tyen n't got quute a lor at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Eueope ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
Tje fact remaikns hkwever that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everybody is well aware , is not going to be achiwved with ease , but the more toleeant every member state is of each other , the more successful Sinmgle Eurkpe will be .
It is up to British therecore to accept this idea and to show an example by leadiny the way as regards tolrrancy .
Tomorrow we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of twrlve sovereign European Member States which are comjitted to the development of closer economic and political co - ooeration .
The community has an ail to break down the financial and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate gdeater movement within its frotiers ; movement of gpods of wervices , fapital and others .
However , the isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a mucb eebated one . To what extentr should an emmber hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Commhnity , before we discuss the issue of soverekgnty in kore detqil .
There were severe attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only after Europe had already been devsatated by the futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states callers to a first start and a future more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start could be because of the main characters .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of her own weaknsss , after seeing lost the age - old losition at the centre of the world stage to the United Statges of America and to the Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economical , militarally and politically stronger through they diviedd individual European states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided . After that , the two gdeat warz were both brought together as European " civil workers " . Through wax the desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
One of the first major movse towards European integration was the creation of the European Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
The membership had changed vrom through ten original founder countries to twentg - Tgree .
One of the most innovative features of the European Cokmunity compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to aeopt acts , have the force of national lzw .
This novel appriach to pooling natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for hational policies .
None of the member states agdee in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
That is to say that one wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty . Many want unanimousa votjng , nit majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own reguoations , snd could find a ddop in sandards if they do not stane dance .
The situation is ssen as a threat to the countries in question . They do not wish to bildly give up their soveriegnty for the ske of European countries .
Whether or not the conclusion of the progress in the fiel of European nity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a fseling of European unity fevelops and van is sustained , the threat would subside as a feeling of identiry takes ovr .
On Britain rkads there is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .
The roa network is no longer above to xarry trafdic without high - uls znd traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this , the government has started addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways and constructing fing rlads and bypassse , through imxed reecption .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless serirs of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and causes further delay whether the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the ammoubt of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of having an accident and drivers have to be constantly as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
There must be an eqsy solution to the mayhem on public transport ; i.e. the Railwqys .
People are not atking to the Tail system because of its lack of integdation due to the rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It has shown that different copmanies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with the roads is as the rail system and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus table which coincided with the yrain xrrival timles .
Then people would be more likepy to catch the train as they would have to look forward to a long wall , waiting for a BS or an expensive train ride .
My solution to the problems would be to improve the rail system and other related bus services . They would get people off the roads and onto the train .
To improve the daily service , trains have got to be tiled to arribe and delart at one time , i.e. arrive at the clock and arrive at half six .
The train and UBS companies have to liqse with each other and the tdain fars have to remain relatively calm , i.e. the same price or lower as it would be nice to go by caf .
The basic dilemma faxing the UK 's daily and roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .
This leaes to a kncrease in the number of commuters and transport usesrs every year , resulting in pressure on the UKjs transpoorts network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapidly rise of cars used outside the major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport through decreasing major cdonjestion in Eush hour peirods .
Puvlic transport is the obvioys solytion to to the increase in population . If it is made chdep to computers , clean , easy and efficient , then it will fake the stfain of the overloadee British roxds .
For commuters who rebularly travel long distances , rail transportation should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwsys wnd the transpoet links are constantly being extended , widehed and slowly turning the country into a concrete uungle . it is only trying to cooe with the incdease in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mazs of vehicle transport is the pollution emitter ingo the atmosphere , damaging the ozobe layer , crwating smig and fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we live on .
In conclusion , I wish to improve clean , environmentally comfortable and dheap public transport for the near future .
Today , modern traffic jams are not a familiar situation to nearly all of the Western population .
If we only use our carzs to travel and dance , we would find ourselves in a 10 mil tail - why do we still believe that that we travel in sucy ameander ?
To illistrqte my point , if every time you win a title , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would start thinking about it .
So we do we stilk ibsist on travelling on the road .
The knowledge most likly lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel on a msnnor ' .
This is , in my opinion , a considerable ignorabce .
I am by far awwy no ' greeny ' wbo wants to make everyone live in tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the voljme of traffic that is on our doads today .
The governments answer to the cohsiderably growing amount of traffic on old roads . It just bsck moves . They are not attempting to address the problem . More and more people are now driving .
We all believe that we have a divine right to be on the rokad .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the right of the worlkd at the environmental cosat ?
Just because we can not able to get enough of NED but enough to catch public transport .
Even if we dance , we strongly so does the rhythm of the world .
That could have dangerous ikplications .
Ghe 2nc reaxon , is the problem that the public transport service , for public rail , is delining so much , there is no training to catch in the morning .
People stopped taking transportation because of the fall in standards . These people were forced to go to the road . Roads were unptofitable and so were closed services , ofrcing more people down the road .
The whoe system started a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with the dale of the railwags , to prjvite rakl companies , profit motivaetd .
Yhe vitxl , small rail linka must now be closed , because they were subsudised to make up for their loss , because the private companies wfford to do those so they will lose , cutting off small buildings and villages .
He wants to stip the circle will bring . The only people to do this is the government or us . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand the food service . Unfortunately , the public seems to be appethetic to their idex .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV chwnnels competeimg for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletics , obxing seems to be the only popular international sport which British cqn still old to bead high .
We have superb fighters with excellent chaeacter such as Lennox Elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd kur belobed Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge is enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which can cause a bdain clt or tmor .
Last year , the figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to calks for boxing to be banndd wben Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some days .
Many youhs in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance to make it to your gop and earn a lot of money on the ay .
There are , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is ivolent , but this is contfolled violence , but fighters have mutual respect for each other .
Al precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights , dcotors a kep close to the eing and have the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are always kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do ot believe that ant fighter entered a professional bnoxing career without knowing the rhythm .
Because there are so many bad young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , it would almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground fkghts are further dangerous in which protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking him into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging his opponnet , it could be said that boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd dangeruos , such as ' hai Boxinv ' , where competitors encourave to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Whidh is new for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically , that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rulea have been made to ilute other sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
Evrry a boxer gets punched in the heazd his brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many both cekls and bocing fights and if they occurs ffequently , one boxer can end his career with bad damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reaspn snough dor the bannijg of boximg .
The sport of Zay through Oeast is actually a hard sport . The simple reason why is that the idea of the sport is to ' knck your opinions out ' , Although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example . The first referencs why boxing should be bannes is the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno did n't specifically go into fithts to knock his oppisition ) .
His example only prkves too well , which a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
Tje boxijng fededation is trying to do as much as it can to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but yhe tol anf bottom of teh argument is thag and a blow to the head causes comfortable damage .
There is always speculation about the dangers of a brutal sport like boxing .
This is emphasised and exagvgerated when a competfitor in the sports tfragically dies .
A receng death in the rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of the sport , and the controvesy of whether the spoet should be bnanned or mot is yet again at the forefront of discussino .
Let us consider how a professional boxwr would play .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutzlism of this sport , which is possibly why he likes it so much .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his xhoice of xareer .
The excitsment of being in the ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , and also the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors for boxers .
With Joney Thatr is therew for trying for the very best of bsst is ridiculoius , although whether Dome tips boexrs esrning sums of money such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) It is hard usrprising high implortant thr spott van be to some .
Let us consider the ' Sku ' scenes . recently began an interview to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .
Ghis member of the public does n't want Spott to be bwnned eiter .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a blxer , who has been perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
These indiciduals and others learned about the fragic incidents in the medua rotest against the sport .
The family , who wsre iriginally agxinst the iea of their SKN finishing ceremony early to take up ghe spprt would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultikate goal and became the heavyweight championship of the world , yet how sorrt many werew to see him return to boxing after his high injuries earlier in his years .
This hypocritical view is shovex by so many whether whether boxing should be bajned or not will remawin a controversial idea for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main ovjections arrived ayainst the introduction of the natiobal lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in facy , through thaf , a tax on the poor .
Second the main obnection came from celebrities who prdicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less lucky to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , because some of the money was spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There is also some controversy over the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which actually wemt to Camelot , which as seen as the strongest vontender for the bud : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to Charith , but was rejected .
My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a large proportiuon of the consortim are American or foreign firms , exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British professional lottedy run by a Vritish firmz .
Since JTS introdjction therr gas has been more controversial lver the national ltotery .
Ehen it is promised to tive 45 points in every pound to xharitable cquses , it is negloected to promise that most or all of this money will go to charity .
There has always been some control of the llocation of money .
For example , 3 million plunds was given to Etpn , one of the richest public schools , through a gymnasium . Money was also given to the Royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seems to be a reverse Robin ohod : steaking through the poor to achieve their courage .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , especially with the invention of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed that it is so addictiv that people would spend all their available cqsh on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calcilated only 4 pencs of every pound received by the lottedy to charitwble cause . The rest is taxc the peize fnud , profrits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chances of inning matter substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It hzs xlso veen alleged that the jackpotw was too high kost of the lucky winnwrs Jave said themselvbes tyat thw jqckpot had rhned their lives , alenating himself from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retqined , but not in its lresent form . I think that the jackpotd should be cappdd at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund shawred between more people : it is better to give more people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I owuld also remove any Americazn huisness interesrs and give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
Anyway , the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to rekove it for society .
Your computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dkminate the majority of government business , science and communication , as much as any other aresa of human lufe .
In mqny wwys , hsa takes the place of ghe humah brain in doing calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , a jnstrument used by mathneticians and scientists for making numerical calcilations .
Rhis hzs jade it is no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations znd ruh throygh eqautions , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gednius csientist is being replaced by a power computer with its opeeator , which needs only to know which buttnos to apply .
This amy szeem an extremely challenge , as there is still much in the work of maths and science which a computer can calculate , but this may not be the case in the future .
Coputers have been used as a means of leeping recprds . Theg habe akl bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and ksyboard in their General Studies exam ) , Ghey are used to transfer money across the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , draw rrom equations , swem to be very popular than hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds programs to provide new entertainment through a game or activity that takes place in the rdal , physical worlc .
Vkrtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certainly made the humsn bodg apl but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be cdontacted at any point around the globe by fxa mahcines , e - mzil and the internet , and some people people different forms of communication to actually meet face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to the wctual person - the physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human braib is no logner iseful is nit entirely treu ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , they have no potential for coping with anything outside their exoected situations , and can not adapf to nea situations through judgememt .
Human beings ofteb zct without loic or rrason , and only human beings can copoe and draw with them .
Aoso , computer xan breqk down , and then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and tbere arr stilo certain tasks only a human being can perform , and that is often among the simplest .
They cried , Tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide and perlpexity .
The workers watchged in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the omages of the TV , expecting something jew at every momet and not wantig to listen to it -- I rrmember that it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt that we were enjoying one of those historical moments that you read about in a history blok and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that tje Wakl fell in Berlon-
After a few weeks , the excitement had dued down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Bit fof me , this had been stars .
It was the start of what our now - rpesident Bush likes to read as " or " ainning of the Copd War --
It was the event that made the people of the Easterj lboc dountries hope that their efforts would result in a van . For 40 years , people had suffered under a commumist regime that did not allow them to experience themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
Spme had been execyted -- I had a classmate who had escaped from Hungary -- He had keft his family and friends , his whole life and bad sef out fof Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him whether if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he levt --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he was flrced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with this teacher , her father 's words were witj me as I watched the events over in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' duccess , the people of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumana tose againsf commuinst regkmes as well -- No , three gears later , communism as we know it no longer exists .
Whether people feel happier or nog , I fan the day --
However , they have seen " other sde " .
These struggels and bopes of future years will not have been in vainb -- Witgout the " events of Beriln Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they have --
However , historical can not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Fall of the Berlin Sall eventually contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in the resr of the Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to the end of the Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not know about a certain object in particular , but about technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has bad and will always bring the closest friends and yet the greztest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided love for my family , They have made my grandmother canver , and they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicine , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The job of tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is wherejn the greatest problems lie .
In addition , they do not threaten us , but when they become weldes with certain aspetcs and certain people in our society , they create potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking through my experience living in the United States , I have come to find that technology has become a strange detriment to our health in partifular .
People say that technological development has made the world much stronger ,
anf I would concur with the great majority of Aericans live in their own persobal closets .
In school , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spzin , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located across the ocdan did n't help to improve their understanding of the laygout of our world .
Science and technology have effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is a very high priority of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , I mentioned before , I had no choice whether to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United Staters gas caused more minds to be heard , and a worry that is growing that my country lags behind in safety self - safety .
Many people argue nowadays today , with the advent of computer technology , our mentap arithmetix is more and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is trje in a wsy . The development of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) means that we no longer need to be abl to work out sujs in ou eads , bug at whatf cpst ?
In many sohps , the czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eum without the ajd of yheir tilla .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more appropriate , computers .
Maybe people have had their job positions takeb by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a through of with computer databases .
But such menial tasks as fgiling are good for us .
That encourages organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantingz of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that computers are a problem .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn brains still work out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making humans bran redundsnt computers cxn help to improve learning skills , theyt xan tdach , test and improve oru kinguistic skills .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto computer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to design buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opejed up the advantages of things we never knew existed !
It is always the agr of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled whlle dooms .
They are able to grnerate amazingly accurate graphical representations and create extremely difficult mathematics equationx in must deconds .
Computers have become a juge part of our lives in both the areas of eork and education .
But is tehy sych a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drpp in the ability of students for mental arithmeic was obvious and now they are up with the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encpurage laziness in the general public , shy to work something themselves when the computer cam does it for them .
This is very time - saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas .
For instance , spellijg is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcjeck " to correct your English , which is agsurd .
Through the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and mjllions of facts and figures .
Thix could be arguec to be education .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keuboard tapping awazy in the doom and gkoom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a frlat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people lack the ability to communicate anxious fkrm relationships .
Computefs van offed escfape through the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by means of games , but they are miund - numbing and un - inentive .
Tomorrow is , however , a more dangerous threat than computers . It is something that can do the work of man .
Thijs could lead to high unemployment .
These people work with computers for long periods of time every day with problems .
The repwtion of tapping leys all day and staring at sxreen cam is harmful and not only that , it is really boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Technology may be the future , but what will we have in the future ?
There will be no nede for people to go to school as they could be taught at work , people will work never year and the only career available would be for computer programs .
I agree that computers help gut people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should ead books and learn more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in school I heard that work should be done mianly by gand and calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in mathematics in order to stlp the production of computer addicta and again normal epople .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : the erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and the development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that energy manipulation and genetic engkneering have high high beneficial effects on many areas of science .
However , many people dialike or are prejudiced against , genetic lanipulation .
Patly Tjis is an ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers with intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , even therefore people themselves .
What people have also become aware of , is the imjense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very useful in feeding popular culture ( the gilm ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of gnetic manipulation could become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls ahos could use it for ' evil ' purposse .
This is an argument against scientists bearing great responsibility for theijr wok .
Everything in life cab is used .
Whetuer it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someone 's ovet , or something as harmeldss as a pillow used to sufgocate .
Everything in life , if misusec , could have harmful effects and gendtic engineering and genetic manipulatioh are no exception .
Though the positive effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger than a kitchen - knide or car , this is putely a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we should hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible ford their misuse , and there is no reason why science should bear the majof burden or responsibility if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
Tyhe fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or morap responsibility for their eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and humans would be without electricity , radios , simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scientific research is not orrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition rather than bettering itself .
Another other funsamental rlaw is asshming something induvidual scientists have responsibility for . Sciece is a process of disclvery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr does not make a discoveries then another one will .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the forefronr of human knowledge , who discofers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make its discoveries independence afterwards .
The only argiment of making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite oftej , particularly in the area of genetic manioulation , it would eed a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , if genetuc manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientiste , the original scientist who discoveres genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .
Sime of ghem ade listed below :
The diviskons in their family anf the fight between the Prince and the Princes of Wales and the possibility of the divodce .
The other problem is that people sag ( or think ) that they do ot do anything buy buy money , and also they do n't pay with tazes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarcyh is bolishing in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolsihed in this country too .
There are also argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the normal family or they are uonest people , not like the politixions that are always lazy .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
I think if many people want the Monartchy to be asblished a general exhibition should be called and then see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is the fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperj fdom the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured , the fertiised egg is implanted back into the mother and from there the pregnancy will be normal .
Norjally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother , so whether the eggs could be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so that means than kne can be fertilised at the wame town to increase the chance of a successful ptegnancy .
Tyis usually leads to multiole births , ie .
Twins , triplets etcd .
There are people who are agains htis , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child have stqrted life in a rube , as they believe little stress from the momnet of conception .
There are erhics involved whereby he is given the treatment snd who is n't ?
Why should the treatment not be given ? Is it justifiable to spend so much money on vitr fertilisation for one person whereas the same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles , for example .
Two people who are for rhis can argue by saying that it is the right of one person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of her own . She could have a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unable to allow eggs to the wojb and it is only fair to helling her to have children .
technology hxs progressed quickly and in eoing so ethics ajd practicql guudelines hzve bren left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain egulations , ie .
1 . Fertility treatmen should nit be given to post - menopausal women .
Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt yku are to opd and your body is no longer cpaable to carry a baby .
Finally , there is a case of a menooausal woman who by thinking about her zge will givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think it is fair or moralpy correct to their children because her mother would be xlaiming her pension when she was in primary school and her mother would probably fie when the child was in her teenager .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
With foetusee wiol have been abhorted for a reason for the exam : if it was the result of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .
There should be a guideline or law sating that eggs should only be taken through their lother afraid of hot frkm death , foetuses .
Sciehce uas moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany nea Thigns have been invwnted and many things medicalky have happened .
People in mosern timez are now able to have liver , heart and eben lun transplanfs . There are many domplications and many are successful .
People are able to have a wjole with blood supply if theirs lackd the sufficiejt requirements or , a bad marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
People above carried up on driving people , but nowadays , biologidal opoerations can be cafried up on humans who are not even born .
Bodies can get their days in a test tjbes .
This is called ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is moved from a womab placdd into a test tube and the saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe with the egtg and spetm guse together .
The test tube is then incuabted for a few wesks and when the fetous is found , the baby is then inseeted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturqlly .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have not trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are agle to have children .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows the bagy to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would deel wpart of hed . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do know is ethically controversial is whether a woman who is post - menopausal decides to have a baby .
Nature has already tkaen its dream to telk hdr she is too olkd to ave anjy dhildren so shy should she have oje implanged into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it goes up ahd all those friends eat playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her penhsion znd I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , true mother jay died of old age before her children had led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after their mother in the old sge .
As the fetoius begins its life in a test tub , the sperm is selecter . This means that the sex of the sperm can always be slected .
The way the zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The wome bas 2 X chromosomes and man has two X and Y - chromksomes .
The in which the dex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the spdrms nucvleus can eithef contaij an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly higher than the Y , so they could be deparated .
If the mother wants a boky Y sperm is selected if a girl X is selected .
This mat gave to an increase in sex , and a xecline in the other .
As a result , , would rdduce pouplation as there should be kess coupoes .
Also , what happens if you people the year you are horn month and you eat an Eoman ? This would be the unpopular sex ?
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the bes ?
Tbe mani eeason for the people of Hritain to stop eating beef at the momlent is the treat of BSB .
This is a viralo isease which attacsk the central nervous system which can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In fows it is commonly nkow as mwd cow disease and by law anh ckw showing these signhs must be destroyed anx jot skld foe emat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time . This is a virao disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected asnd the parts are usually sold and put into fast fopds such as beef burgewrs .
The rest of the food , however , is relatively warm and eating , e.g. a steak , offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press have ignored this act and blosn the situation out of proportioj considering only a very small number of people have died of this disease after a lifetime of eatinv beef .
Another reason for British people to stop eating bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the formwr of BSB .
These factors could have a conaiderable impact on the agircultural industry , oreventing the of Gritish daory livestock only in Britain or exporting waste .
With glibal communication as good as it is now , it could create a scare across the world about British beef - including French and Germany already have been rsstricted and somwplaces banned the sale or impoft of British beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of Beec peoducts stilk formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre and completely changed the face of carming in Britain .
Whether the swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to fhange the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were dpubtless shocked and people ulset by images in nxtional newspapers and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seems to make clws losr apl sensr of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
However , tyis diseases as flu were put down before the symptoms developed further .
Those children whivh yad bsen out dkwn weee are not used to fopd .
The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the braib , and as the spimal fluid is usually spilt in the slajghter of cfattle for leat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no clear link has been esgablished between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidenxe of CJD is on the disease , or whether the safety of the conditiln is heijghtened . In modern cases , almost all agrs have been diagnosed recwntly , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps correctoy , that British beef is perfectly safe to drink .
However , people are genhinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are axbstaining from eating beets .
Manu schools have removsd beef from thei menis , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have showh a decline .
The implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meatf , but the punlic remajns scdptical .
If beef continues to follow frim fat , then the inudstry 's future will be afraid .
Geef products are present in Kany foodstufs such as jellkes , fruit gums , and , of course , stoci cubss .
Should all these products have ysnthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of caftle worldwide would no longer be neexed , but , being bred as tgey are , for beef , they would be ueeless fod milj producgs .
Not all bsef cabs are connected , though , and the siguation has become a waitkng game .
After being repreiged or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientistsa to establish whether or whether BSE and CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether the latter could be contracted by sating meat contaminated with the folrmer .
The natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watvh thius space .
Perdonally , I believe believe it is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD than ever before .
Sime replrts say that it can take up to 20 tears to develop , so we could already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my Rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , tahnkyou .
There has been a big secret in Britain recently that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in coss that effects theid brain and sliral tongue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Wfter a fsw reported cases of CJD , a similar foirm of the disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the tatal disease to humans .
This claim sevestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in order to contact with illness .
Already the salexsssss of bdef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to ocntract CND , part of the cow offal must be cointained with the beef .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat since it comes from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine , this haa had a tremendous influence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod restaurants . Shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on the menu .
An example of one is the MacDonalds who they immediately immediately brought out a notice statint that their beefbyrgers were made from 100% of the food , pure beref and cojtain no iffal .
I think no recent restaurant with a good repuattion would fisk buying poof beef in case a customer daught JD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
The outcome would mean hair would be shed or several thousands of poundas and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in places of fpod productioh there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be a dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that should not be sold .
Because of the price of beef , will have to decresse in order to attract kore customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal might cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particular beef faxrmers ) are losing as they would have to sell their medat at a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify to other areas , such as crops , milking , etc . or also have to manage a government sunny .
I veel that the evidence that BSE causes CJE wss jot strong even before the claims were released .
It has cauesd an unnecesszry , delicious effetc on the agircultural ibdustry and bwef larket .
The question of compensation for services rehdered is nearly so simple as remittin a predetermined salary based on qualificatios and a person 's dedifation to the TXSK at hahd .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , he will certainly be disappointed Sinde 's employers are surw to galue thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore impossible to comprnsate " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually aork for a living , they merely lived off the interests of their investmwnts .
The stock market was experienced a boring , and several old working - class citizens became qealthy and relished the udea of retiuring early .
But several great authors of that period qhestioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received moneyu , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People know inhsrit history or live off the interests of investors , who seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , the sort of entertainment that money can n't buy .
However , although unpimited qealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those wh ewrn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What people want very much , yet they see being paid miserably .
A migrant worker may waste away in a field all day long and make lots of money in a dwy rhan a wealthy person spends on a gip at lunchu .
He answers this question with one 's thoughts about Demovracry .
People might argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn a first darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) , he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather higher viee would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically tyaxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is hidden or bad mistake ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty Americans preise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is theif oen responsibly .
Apparentyl , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are oiverpaid .
For instance , everyone serms to think that doctirs make much too much money for what work they do , even none of the soctors losering their fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , why do we want to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making their work difficult , or give people who do not have money that society does n't believe in ? We can nog give pay equhal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , wkmen have had problems with society rolpe of what they are expected to do at work and at work .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has dsiffered with the same job as a man than a woman doing the same job .
Glne is the idea that a person is required to stay home .
A lot of women work and some that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's lives is femimists .
These aee grpups of people that have eefended women over the years .
These people have shown the lodern world what women in the whole place do .
The problem is that these feministx have not looked at all women .
Some would happen with old traditions , some wajted a bit more in their lies , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What haopens is that many women have to go out with these feminists .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women singing to serev in cokmbat positkons wuen at war .
Feminists argued this a log when the Irwq aar was going on .
They felt that women should be given the chance to fight .
I felt that Tuese people were crazy .
Wojen nust ca n't vight in a waf gery well .
They are not strong enough and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel that it is not these men are the only ones .
Other women , thought , are glad that the rule in the United Stqtes stanss as it is .
Feminists have talked about promotione in the work polace as ebing fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is involved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that fivs to two years ago might have been true , but now the employera are the victoms .
Yhey ard sdared of what a woman can do and something women look at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
Gor would have created us all with dreams if he had not rrue .
Feministx and trying to make everyone equal znd that is impossible to do because naturd can not be xhanged .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I think that the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , ubt the modernizztion has changed everyone 's habits .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women have lore heart attavks , believe in stress , and students are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not wrong .
There will be a woman in the office , and running a lot of major companies .
Eomen should be creafed equal , because they can only do what nsture intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begqn whether it be physical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally associayed with pooitics , feligion , or art quickly lumpsd these categories regardless of individual differences .
His tragery is worsened by the tendency of tghose beyond the movement to eemember the radjcal and jgnore the common or ordinary .
Tuis is one of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in America .
Wince ots started in the late nineteenth century . Wmoen 's Liberation hws were met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , they defeaitng their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists like Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their lives and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movemnet .
His ognorance of otjer lews aggresxsive feministe , made it seem as though the feminist movekent was headed lonely by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .
Although " adicals " suh as Snad wnd Athony sesm dicile qnd bckward in modern srandards , the pronlem stikl wxists .
From the first beginning , the Women 's Movemejt in America has been fought a losinb battle .
However , I believe that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of people observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin rwally took power again in the late 1960s , it again destroyed the fort faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals Pike Stein , jnstead of the housewfe who returned to college and made a career for himself .
From outside the movement , I could see the differences between " normakity " and women 's Lih .
This is still tdue teenty - five years ago .
Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and other " lkberal " causes lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in the shados of the bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of their cause is uyndermined by the perception of radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
Olny thought so - called feminists have bought in to themselves under the Womrn 's movement .
However , the popukar perceptikon of them .
For so many , it seems good that feimnists have a promoye for women has come from behind in lieu of other interests , i.e. radical ideas .
like many other aspects and movememts in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public were being aimed at men so jaded .
In this century there have been many technological advajces which have resulted in a drastixally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearlh , of the inventions of the century , thr lne Thxt has made the most impact on weird views and lifestyle is television .
These instruments have brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see play in other countries in a way that would never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has knowledge to turn it on to reality .
television has the potential to offer wonderful things for its viewers , such as rducational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at xurrent events than given by newspapers .
Televisionm has the advantage to bring more into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the lrogram production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own cultural mkre gully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
In contrast , television has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a way for people to escape from the onflicts experiences in their cultures , rather than confrknt thej and tr to understand temperature .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dibersion rather than an educaxtional tol , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans acn be afraid to stare at the TV on TV , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
TV has become the cetner of many households ; in many families , the only time people are together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of the lack of friendship found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time he spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to sell anything activities when it is easier to sit on the ouch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , changed society in ways that could only have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It gives society another cdreative vein , a learning of words which could be seen in no other essay , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspec of television has offered society an easy escape from from problems and dificultioes .
Therefore , since the event of teleision , society has become too infokrmed too lazy to think about this new information , and has idstanced itself through faimly life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their way of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , its preaence hasn't really been known until until recently , and its consequences have been devistating .
AIDS definitely has an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it easily leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lpt of prejudive and paranoia among people who want to them apart .
For example , there is a morr of stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale , nkt onky because of their sexuxl preference , although they probably have AIDD too .
His kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who caught AIDS through a bpood transfusion , was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treted him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
Wiyh newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .
Doctors are dscovering that undetecyable strands of AIFS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDE and not know it .
I think those have really made people think about their acgions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a wodely accdpted job . Somehow it is something people really take into consideration and really ocvurs .
Relationships zeemed to be more valuable than one high stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , qnd with more education on tnis disease , I 'm sure money change will come .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any other previous period of time .
Though advantages in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the early of the world wars , the eace was on to face the most devastaging , most powerful , most ffightening weaqpon our people har evet knoan .
In my opinion , the dixcovery and harness of qtom and JTS energy and the corresponding invention of nuclea weapos have been the most significant factors of change in lur life , if not , perhaps , in severe times .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion factories increased and improved , fearf began to replace nationalism , and oud small world erscted barriers between KTS members .
From my exprrience as an American , I can remember awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens sith nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities beyond undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , with daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps this nicreasingly common mentality is the worsxt effect of our njuclear children .
In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on environmental and humanbitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapon testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola abd testimonisl landmadk to 9 presidwntial administrations , the cold war has manifested awesole power and controlled over any facet of America ; from survibal kits znd basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm air .
In Kust , the past threw us our famil of antions since the dismantling of the Berlin Wakl and undreds of other smallre symbols of freedom , and and to operation in many circumstances .
With this , yhe wallz , varbed qire , and mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change than the planet has seen since its gneesis .
Although the old habits of bard , Ghey are indeed dying .
In America the miltiary has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the priduction of nuclear warheasd has virtually arrivef a standstikll .
Hopefully , the ckntinued efforts , oud use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn from mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy prtoduction , medicine , and other huamnitarian goals .
With this yhawing of attitudes , your frigid planet and its neighbors can once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn wsa discovered to uave many useful in stopipng and prventing the spread of infectioms .
These " wonder - rdug " also led to the discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful compouds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a grext nede tor medocal chemists to stay anxious about classifying each new dryg as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists began to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the proiduction of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Bokth of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical dhemists , and the industry has increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the elderly drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remain biologically actife .
New drjgs were also synthesised ; aome were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on the market and changed what people thought about takibg medicine .
It was not much easier to use antibiotics than simple ilonesses , such as the common cold .
Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , formedf qnd grew , and universities had researcn teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes to the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
Teh discoveey of one compounf le to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booling idustry cojprised of research texms and large companies .
Tye synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses still continue today as tghousands of universities anx companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has developed at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , they have brought many technological advantages and also there has been a tremendous influence on society .
Tje computer has eliminxted many jobs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , qnd kther scientific pdograms , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
This compurer hzs makes life easier from a physical standpoint and harfer from a mwntal standpoint .
The physicl effects of the computer are numerous , easily seen .
In the office , the computer is everywhere .
From wrod processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have made office work dasier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many kanual jobs .
Almost almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is nkt necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd wprld countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental efftect of computers is tw - folf .
First , computers have made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand or work their computer work .
This has rceated a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People can easily do cvalculus or other types of functuons with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors as well .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do which tduly made the errlr ; However , if that person knew what he should do , or the vetter stated " what what to do with a computer " , he would not have erroenous answers .
Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .
are totally riddled with drrors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dje to his etrors frequently exist in the world of computer simpoy because hjmans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , compuetrs have sometimes become more reliablw people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correct ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , they never make errors .
Thus , supposed reliabulity has kept many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustrate , fear , and many other negative fedlings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of the computer years .
Clearoy , there is evidence of good and bazd results from the advent of the lodern computer .
It would be basically impossible to throw away the computer or never use it again .
Ye tuere ae practical solutions .
Better matuematical education is needed for everybody who uses a computer rather than a small computer .
Qlso , curtauling another theoretical programming could create alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .
The key is probably in the classeoom .
People should learn more about the ramificationx of what they are doing .
( Ghis probably acquire an understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as large as a small IfAT , with a metal arrow in its corner has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the last years , has changed the jeaning of communication .
In parf , it have vreated THD Informatiokn Ave , as the latter pwrt of the 20th century , is often labellsd .
Not certain about the date of invention , it should be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , among world workers , trading cokpanies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - ghe - world news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first information about the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on the night news NcN commentator .
These lsaders ahd presidents of enterprises like as Oanasonic and CORE , refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an intetral part of their livelihood .
These entertainment workers tamen vull advantage of the satellite ish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Tge money poueed people creating videos , and the prpfits from viewrrship- have had a strong affect on the world economu .
40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers .
Tbe Eatellite dish haa also created distinct advantages for cable TV and naval prorams as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms wasted edceeding amounts of money on the Ynited Stafes , due to the satellite dish .
And in nust , other space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellitd dish in the past 20 years , has altered the averave intelligence of human beings for better and sometimes worse .
It created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk cob of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observarion which could be lade , is that it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the strange person to decide if this alteration will be for for better or worse .
The discovedy of Atpmic energy , is absolutely the most awesome and terrible invention , not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : the Atomic bomb .
The reason being the frar that this energy causes is routed in its increasing power to desrroy .
No before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore hda one object of such a small size be able to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awr - isnpiring and dangetous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each aggressive day , the world 's needs dangerous enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the potential to kkll ,
They also have the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the fanger .
In utilizing the power in planfs and cactories we fun the riak of contaminating our lajd , blowing waste into our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as long as all other species of the earth .
Although we have many other power surce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous inventfion .
It is illogical to think that with continuous nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It should be logical to think that the leaders of the world would consider and aspire to point a stop to nuclear uee in an order to avoid further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .
The sddest oart of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
Rhe lavk of sight ffom ojr leqders is almost appalling .
The lack of respect for the person is the gejeral attitude of today . What is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a bad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will come soon when the damage caused by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is why it is important to have today .
It starts with you .
Writd about a local cobgressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the aorplane .
The exrend to which this invention has affected people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened dolrs to travel and also broadendd people 's perceptions of their world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is xapable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , consumkng tyask .
For this reason , people do not ttavel extremely olng distabces and miszed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures different than their own .
We could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of varioue , disease , hjunger , and threatening weathjer ; also , as noted above , it was extremely time - vonsuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocetric and limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have never visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about younger cultures .
Even though I could watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to witnrss it first hand .
The infention of the xirplane as two many doors and other doors is international relationships .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The vrequency which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international yrade .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up the WHOLS postal communication system also .
Life with airplanss is more rapid - paced .
Cara , telephones , and nuclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries that have had profound influence on modern day oife .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only place in which significant dance has been Jade in the 0th century .
Another " doscovery " of the pasg century has been feminism , which has had an important impact on the lives of boith and elderly .
Of course , the issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , but it is just within the last century that mucb progress has been made towards the eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was the most technical idea to have a worker in the home , keeping and protecting the children .
The first significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , the woman is still eaening something like 60 vents for every dollar that a man erans .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of eomen .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm more ragher , many things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the imaqge of women is the first step in breajing it down , so that women are designed for who they are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an activity that has not yet become jainstream .
He would have acjieved equaltiy with men , would ease the need for feimnism , and the discovwry would have been completed .
The reason I feel these mists signifiocantly affected people 's lives in the 20th century is to carinhg the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned by nucleat weapons .
We rexlize these countries that mant workers have the power to destrpy the world .
Alwo relafed to the topic is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is harmful to humans ; it also killd animals and llants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companes are no longer able to freely dhmp their waste w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nayure .
We used to assume oud nathral resources were never broken .
Now , though , we rewalize what we used needs to be rrplaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Mang groupd have been formed to plant more trees .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are afraid afraid of is recycling .
These linkos 2 issues , of not lroducing many nonbiodegradabld products and the othee of rsusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps people w / o homkes b / c they receive money from their colleagues ) .
Many countries rsalize that rcycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Anothrr imlortant iszue is a ghat of conderving energy .
In tue pasg , once again , we assuemd lur energg was never endnig .
Nokw thought people are kore ijclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically to waste natural resources .
We raelize that cnoserving is not beneficial to the environment because it also saves money .
We also have bottom mode considerable of oud snimal lie .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals .
We do still raise spme for food , but hnuting is limited because we are all aware of the possibility of extinctionb .
In rsalizes these animals have rights .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly making aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are working in the right dirrction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have finished everything we haven't destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my ilfes has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I used for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my desk was clyttered with paper and records of all sorts . I no longer need to keep these rexords and only to transfer them to my computyer .
With jeans , I 'm able to store more information in an organised fashion .
Though I have only only a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm stikl awaee of the trmendous opportunities which I have or wil have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit things quickly .
For exams , without the use of a computer , I had to balancr my checkbook once a month and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , these wqs are very consumint and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Proxessor , I 'm able to understand and understand documents without altering the entire cocument , and furthermore , though I have to use the Communicatiohs program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily powerful .
My grandfather had the same program on his computer and was able to buy ilne tickets w uot leaving the house and , moreover , w / or pivking up the phone .
Also , I realized that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is impossible .
I 'm in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to the program , was ccepted , and flew here from the US .
Bug , w / the use of computers , I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
With / olut this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw would inevitably be inubdated w/ paperwor anxious things would therefore be lkst or at least misplaced .
With booking my room , though I dkd bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem impossible through the aid of computers .
Technology has had a more significant influence on people in the last 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century , I think , has significantly changed people 's lives , is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagea , hews , etcf .
Now , if something is happening in the heart of the world , frlm across Toan all the way to Beijingv -- every perspn in the world is watching this event as it is happening .
Wihle previously people had to work days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , which wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) . Now they can see it hpapening , tor themselves , as it is hzppening , Tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As wsll , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sefs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be infdormed about how people in California or Japan speak and etc . This allows people from different cultures to discover other and more discusx ideas .
In my opinion , this is one of the processes of making the workers a " xmaller " , a unijfied place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called the world of the Inofrmation Ae .
In addition , the news , but also entertainment , is an important beneficial functioh of television . Through television entertainment , as well as literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can have different actions scted to their ends , and understand the consequences of their actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequrnces themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of feal life and have a tendency to glorify the violin , as well as makinv life in which the young guy always works , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , their sense of reality is so diatorted , and so broken that people go around acting like Supermxn .
As long as one hxs a well - developed sende of reality , TV can be an excellent tool to inderstanding the work we live in .
The watwrs of the culunary seas have bad customers and consistnt fpr centries .
Progress means love slow like the tidrs and the constnt rhythm of the waves has shown little changed .
However , eith the daybrsak of the twentyth century , a storm has brewed .
Woth tis storm the watsrs hafe churned and spawned a wsve that crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .
The wave is the imcrowave .
Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a scary like this .
A compoete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .
As history progressed , slits and barbeues emedged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and lower ones rueled by coal .
Modern fimes saw gas and electric ranges as staples .
All these things had one thing in front : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , is always used to prepare the foop of mankind through history .
However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , which creates feiction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking things do not follow in their footsteps but bfeaks awesome following convention and gorges along the route .
If they are not amazing enough , they kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitced , or unde the knowledge of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the scracest necessity , our society has embraced the eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who likes Dan come Hpme can hwip up something in minutes in the microwave , whether before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make successful food to be eaten later .
Agaun ime is consetved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental care first starting .
Fof As I have said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing poace of pife tuat that of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout Hidtory we can see great revelations in many areas where rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and different oerspectives .
All these werr nedded to create the micrlwave which is essential today .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This department has taken up one of the most important activities and which revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in etnth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made pkssible the idea of a repressive government were the maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine fan is used to keep the peace , enforce Marshall Law .
Tje rzdio can be used to communicate ideas andf under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the amchine gnu did not change all through many livers ( except for through what it killed ) , although the ijvention of rafio hzs caused a tremendous ompact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter qnd it sendz sigbals through thr aie , waves , with potential for millionxsss of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of ifnormation and entertainment .
Radio keeps people inforjed .
I doh ' t think other people of my genefation can sven omprehend whether our lievs will be different .
Every morning I miss the qeather forcaat and dressing accordingky .
Finally , one was sif by the radio and head bowed , the events of the day unfolded .
Rado , for example , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the neas making process .
Newspapers have been around for many years , butf it was not until the invention of radoo that the power of the media became evisent .
Radio gives the ability to many people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and most common offshoot , television , have changed people 's lives .
A typical dream for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There are rven forms of entertainment , for examplew videogames , made from other types of entertainment .
Now everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is more than 100 years old , and her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She xits in front of it and says that it keeps her happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sports events , movies and many more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
However , I dn ' t know what life was before before radio , but its invention has changed what we see and do things .
A current ideolog in the United States today is , for one to be successful , one must follow all of the sritten and unwritten rhles of society ,
Everyone has an equwl opportunity to succeed and wben kne oes not do this without fail .
One can get these ideas in the public media today .
TV companies ad TV programs project nodels of how kne should be .
In the 20fh cn , the valuex of that the United States was founded on changed in meanings and sense applied to modern day America . Everything was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life , Americans move at a much faster speed .
People are mote mboile , caj work mote , and by means through , bringing time for relaxation and family is often replaced with TV . In America , this growing individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes real humanness among people , instead of the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moving at a fast speed , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that are ouled and regulated .
Qhen Voltairs wrote Candide , a literary style known as the Neoclassicism period .
He met a group of scholarx in Franfe , l'Acadekie Drançais , which set guidleines for French literature .
According to l'Acadwmie Frznçais , all literature of the Neolassic period must follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated the author should avoid certain otpics , including sex , violebce , church , and other issues .
Another sfandard ulheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keepign time , setting and playing true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
Howeber , ahen weiting Candire , the Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists wanted literature to have good mxnners : they did not want to stsp on anyone 's teos by mentioning Ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide Voltaire did n't mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire wdnt veyond the comfortable level when he mentioned sex .
He folds of the two giros of Orellion , who was loverz of Monkeya , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was puished for his homlsexual act .
Sex turjed violsnce whern Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , and witnessed her mueder when he was on too of her .
Teh wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baro fkrbids Candid marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of violin , each act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old woman boty tsll their talss of being defiled and an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; Th Bazron xlso cintinues their tale with stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from thew churcu and state issurs .
He atteacts the hippocracy of Tye Hurch in the ood Eoman 's father brought the Pope .
When Candide visita the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showd the people 's perfect relationship to Gpd : they only praise God because there is nothing that awnt beyond Goe .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship with Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes sense of aristocracy in his description of the Baroj , who came from 71 generationx of nobility and still lacks gentilesse .
Cancide wnd hid companions done with 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent the importance of places in hierarchy .
In his portragal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of their society .
Accordiny th Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone thy klnow .
Statistfics from 56 are greaterf than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is the maim ftactor implicated in ghese tragedies .
Mlost cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , because les acyion has taken place for more than 30 years .
Thity years ago , minorities could n't ride a bicycle , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragation deduced soje prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today social prejudice is nlt openly expressewd as it was 30 years ago .
I woild teach the client to be extremely nice to him . lerson he does favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things both or reutrn them .
This is basde on eauity theory .
It would be better for the ladies to do numerous things with the person than it would be to qsk a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south must be plrejudice toward Blscks at first .
After living in the eouth fort a while , they may accept soutjern atritudes towards Blacks and feel prrjudice towards tgem .
This is conformity .
The sake yoes were Southernerrs who moved north .
They came to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towards Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred ahite attitudes against munorities in the different regions he lived in .
This dream bee is called a " kelting - pog " considering that we all come from differently , that we all calm across different bxckground before we ojined or melted together to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a person 's herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Efhnic American cultures have been reviviong and trying to reestablisb roots which were oncr loppped ocf to a model U.S. citkzen .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more cokor , flavor and excitement to that boring " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to their ethnif explosikn ( seen more clearly through the arts ) .
Fhey do n't want to accept these differences .
Thdy fhoose to rsmain nidifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night Szys about indifferencr : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intellkgence , pight , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnoc American literature tries to fiht tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certain aspscts of different Merican cultures .
The great work of ethnic Amerocan literature is Withut Bohnds .
Eacvh group has its own psculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In mant casew tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , native Merican poetry is more expressive and visual , because theor language is deeply roote in the observatiob of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral because their native language is so .
Agrican American iterature is often meldoious and rhythmic , mirroring their imilar achoevements in Jazy and Blues music .
Akl these examples ( and lore ) give us onsight to other cultures we walk around at night now .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely to be important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the Unitrd Staets .
When we lsarn of the trkals and hardships that we with , we sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Fhe stkries of Black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the present ( and present ) hlrrors there is no knowledge to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic Amerocan loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many aays .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a new and new perspective on the world around us .
It helped us to understajd our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common grfound on which to live , and grow , and prosler .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the menu channels from the cablew gas to offrr .
With an average natkonal TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 hours daily , the orevalence of violence on broadcast is a delicious concefn .
Television prgoramming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and sometimes causes the child to become violent .
Violence is found in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychological muederers , police cases , emergency servicws , international terrorism , and war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
Ghe V - chip is an electrical devife that bkocks up violent felevision shoes .
Some people , such as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfied with it .
Th Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat wluld identiufy stations carrying violent programming and ghe advertisers sponsoting it .
Ths bill woiuld wpply to bnroadcasting ahd czble ( Stern 1 ) .
of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a Technllogy Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
These propossls will work if Congres get some support .
Tje Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
Ths NB also insisted that broadcatsers already responded to concetns fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show viilence because it apoeals to adult ages .
If a cfertain plot involves a murderer , does the murder happen ?
Some people may not want the ctual murddr to be shwon , but that is up to whomever is writing the television .
Many maee of television movies that they contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how many parents actuakly make teoevision with their teebager ?
An exhausgive examination of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat violednce ' pervades a significant number of Zaturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How many violins are there ?
The most important cartoons are ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As fpr THW showx contains a sinister comba violin , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add textuee to the snow and not to ppison children 's children .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem show rrom being shown to children , but not that children will experience violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
