I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used hecajse there e a lokg of people yha do n't have enough money to pqy ofr a xad even if it is eed , so public transport contjnue to hqve utute bjf people are goung to use mkfe the vare yhen buw or undergeound .
By dae we ca sut stsy with ourselves which sn be good because we can listen to music bat we like qbd we do n't beed to be around people tghag ar unkqoed but if we vhlse public transportation we cn meet friends or falily so both trasnportations are good ab ghr cdads do n't nred necessaroaly to rnc up with tur public ttamsport .
Michael and Kwte were so happy . unl ond dxy tbat Michael daid to his dream of being a super hero . Kwter fetf so nefvois saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming because that would never happen and that supwt hero do n't exsit .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car buit in the near future it will be another xomfort and dazy wahs to travel like the train and planr Thag can travel yiy from noegh to South in les thawn hojr this wil jake businds jem happy qhd clmfort because of saving a lkt of tomrs and efforts so we hlpe thag thge government can achkvee this a as skon as poswsible
Oe computers oblh let hiu mame math tasks , or evrn plat simple takes wkth 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , qriting or eeasding a vook , connecting to TRHD interfent , watfh or lakw videoa , invgent nww stuff to ikorove the Computing Technoligy , and hof bly in 2 colors , buht thousand of them .
As I did n't fpund anything , I went to the place he ilfe at and wanted to ask for more information about his life and found pdoplr who he cares about , So as I continued to go to his house I noticed he would always go to the same house so i eecide to follow him to tgeh housr aje i foun out he wsa dating a yurl she igjt be hjs girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive nil crazy just as he did aith me , jat way sh will yhin he uzd orlblems on his mnind ajd leff him , but son i thougt sbout it agin wnd realized that if i did that she sill tfy to hdlp him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive thk both crazy lampst at the borded of dwathj , jyz as he dr wyh me !
I scramdd , my anhgef had dojinated my mond I did n't had longer control over my acrions . I was afarid of what I had become and what I wanted to do , nt I could not control myself wnd the only thing I could think of was jij sufferibb with a slpow death anbd tje satisaction i woule feel wshen i finally bwd my rsvanbe , the best tevwnge .
But I was so nad at him and so ansiobs to mzke hij kief imosibpe , and sopno my fear of death and my anger for all of the suferimg i uax berm throif became stronger and bigger , I had made a decision I was going to do it , if he dedocated 4 ygears of his lofe tourtoring me xbd noy wantjng me to be happy i wkul the timn is nesesath tor huk to yavew a imwerable lofd wndc i wo nt stop until i yazd acomplished my goald
publiv transporfation bs bedem motw used by people wmd over the years . It is kind of becoming cheaoer and also kode safe nut some people prefer cars to edtwnt do we sgree with and whwtg is our reasons pr tar thxy is eat zee we gokn to dekonstratd in this sesay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called ubpic transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there wa nit efeh goox facility to oe feo place to others . That is because there were no companies to build xqrs . In about 10 years , cars tfadung brfame biable ajd also becam veft supported by having her pwn fand at the beginning th faced a lo of probems but they wer able to dolve it by the end
Nowadays , all racilities of travelling are more convenient , from cars to vuszes evsn traons and planes . .somjd people lrefer cars because they do like crowded placew or because they fkne it sometimes cheaoedr but from another point of view , public transport is very vhwap snc even faster , but when it comes to traveling a lot of psople precer ridumg theor own cwre to geep the real experience xnc to enjoy more by chilling ku gfom crdwed places
Technology has changed so many 's lives a lot FVT We cn think the difference is whether we respect either our parents or our grandparents lif.for example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV on the slrld when they were young.but it is n't yhe alone difference : we can think at yeh mobilefone , the ocmupter ed at least tbw knternet.our grandlarents waoundn't omavine a strange mahcine like computer in their life .
hte nestest adfice I csnj fivkng to someone who is staeting tuw running is to start solwky nad nlf to rr to run too fast but the to eventuaply build up tgr dunning qeek by week , so fhat eferh week tolu ae runijg a little more further wnd a little more fasfer and then after 20 ydars you eill be an Olynlic champion maybe .
I completed my tzsks , including tutkring tufee students complefe summer hkmeowrk , collecting homework diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped otganizd handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clsan hte cpassroom hygiene , evrg hard , but I hxve nltging to vomplain agojt .
So he went back to Sxrau 's house and cleaned alk hte btahrook , bi Sarah had already known thaq he lrft ths bathroom like thjs so before Mocyael entered ghs batbroon she said : " I know what you left there " awbd Mihcael went rhnming to the bthroom .
I said tyay bexausr when I was eleven my best friend had oepated on je badkm abd before the operation . He dane wih me abd eberu day I had to stay for edr because she spendt a lot of time in yue ehower cleaning hed olng yais . I hated tyzt !
Wnat we believe as Muslims that we hage crdatwd by one who does n't haev otyer with ihk td one wno reate our ftber ( Adam ) andf created frmo hkl ( Eve ) and tyey were in tjer Paradise and instructed to not et from rne trese b the Ssgan deceive ghem so they brought to this lifs ands generations came from htek ans had serht ghe eophet and messwngers ( Moses , Jesusz , Mobamed , others .. wh theu worship th amr pbe ) wifh Miracles and evidence of the trhty , to guis fhd pdople to know who who wol follow the rrufh shichg wlil guide to the Pqrdise an who follow ofhef ptahs ebich it will guire to the heop . so because of that we raw hrrw to do the tdsg in thos short life .
whidh ola an importsnt row to giev tough competitive to government . As a result of thks ocnsymer gets moee bsndfit lis lowed faire , privacy , freedom and safety travelling.in ddition many autojibile comoayn launcng nsq cars with affordahle poroce which insiost people to use more and more prfivte bechilr .
I think people will lkme this mvke because iys vefu similar to the wtoru of the book ; this lne of the first mogje that is really basere in the book . T yheme is vedy ynique qnd originao , also rhye atcors in thr fjret omvies were perfect , and I think that in tgd last mocie , they will pjt double effoet .
He took tnw money ne xecond fag . He finished the registrtion and started writing the storh after lkbg tile spending on writing smd did goolr job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine offcw . He found out he qde a notice on the sior say tna tfue competition jss acnveled , he cqme bacl evy sad and told me wbat happened .Michaek closed thjw doikr and knew at tbta moment he jda a jistame .
I believe ghag there is no dutuee for public transport . Using trains is mo convenient and low expenses alsl to decrease the carpln disadvantages which affect the ixone . People should be asxre about the effect of using tue publioc trxnspotation on the economy and environment , giverements shall encargs gje people to use thjs other ways fokrf trnsprt , tgis subject sahkl be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage yge poeoplr to use he wrigth way tot transpof .
In my town we created a smaqll organization for more healthy environment , beauty toufh and to be attradtive . hte citizens in the town must oaryicipate in thuz . hs citizens will take the responsibility for xpecicic day to clean the town and put the rubbish ibot ckrrrct place na ckean trde and plant mirew of it .
Nowadays , in rhe citiex developed there are nxny possibiklities for public transport , lkie bus , rrdain , wubway , tram stv.these means it 's more economical than the car . The problem of your dad is that normally the car is ocvupoed for a person , Whyrn the far is prparedd dr to cwrry four or rive peppld .
It is known that many art curators and artists believe that Contemporary Adt is nit a good source of rg , dimce thbrre aee ma zrtists thqtr only creage based on their easy ieeaz of an aesthetic ikage or a philosopjicao idea , but most of the time this is unintelljgibpe .
You have claasds since you were nnie years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think thaqt you should continue doing sports because it is imoortant for yoir bealfh anjx in your first time you could still play piano without going to classes .
In csse of transportation technology , in the twenryu first century we have various options like Lln that da fl with thr cloj , train thar fast and bnig enough to carry hundreds of people and rravep hundreds of mkle an upur and boat tbaf mhcu biygef and faster than amicent ime .
eyes , I agree . If you olaned tyhe travelling fid a long distance ahd for a lony kme you would prefer to do it in a car , vousd firstly hou;ll slned elsd ome , uoj travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to syop every where and dro a ling time , as yoy nwex .
I think that fhis is thj guestion for every one , and thne asnwer ca n't be pne fkd aol , because someone can use public transport , and the economy by this not only for money , but and the environment , bu osmd people do n't like to yswe p.t . , cause they spend ord time fpr travelling or tyeg simple do n't like to travell witb another people .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant is " Lekonj " I go tyere every qeei It has different food rkm any restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic wuce It 's an excellent choice for me nd My favorite alpitizer is susage xnd in oree that desert I 'd rather " avdgr " caie with chocolate sauce I tesel I;m at ease whwn I go tuete I nejky clasxical music iver havibg a lunch about the service It 's vgedy good and alk staff are respectable I ca n't inagine n week without yoing fhere htt drigs me nuts I advise ang lne to go there and enjoy a tfime there , also th restauran has a rlatice axvantge in hygiene realkt It 's excekpent Thjis strikingly thing for anyone despite all of tjese advantaes prices asr not expenisvw .
I consider myself rely active , xociabgle , well - organized xns ablve wlo patienf . gherefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I faqn adap myself easily in many kinds of situations or environment , especiallh worjnig ovwrseas plus it wojld be a njice expetiwnce because I would meet mewa people and a dfifgerent culture .
As oyd town is wqellp - konan fi uoe magnificul bracehs xlkong thuw Mediterraneax coast and fod the Olympic Cabal of Castelldetsls , mhy fodsign or local people coke ewre to do atciviites lik kiteurfinb znjd windsurfing on the beay or cankening abc aquatic skiing on the Olympic Xawnal .
Eihle goungstera uas tyeir time frying to meet concerned yhe elderly people from the village about the importance of cars in our surroundings . Middle - aged people plahfed many trees around the village and xleamed the floioe of our oublic plzxes making it a more attractive place to lkve than we user to have .
Ylu orobaboy wo n't believe me but I msr alk members of Dżem band . I falke to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping yhem I ah the best place during the concert and I have thrri authogeaphs on the mewrst record . I did n't havew many udgies qbd noknw of thej wdre unpleasant .
I like travelling and visiting mews ppaces in my country and my dream is travel to aol the countries in the workd zlso . I attended a lot of confrernces in my field so I think this prdogram is a cnance for experience which will help and inspire me for the clmmuinty sercicrs and development my society as I hope to come back and tecab ogers whf I leadb .
Students could receive an ebtrer , more efficient education if they studied 11 kontsh a yraf studying patly because of arted tr oopng vacxtin . Students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because long vacations will let students used to have fun instead of studying , qd lartlg becayse of sojd difticult courses shoulpd be continually studying .
Shardign hpuses or rooms gave amnu advantages such as , xjeap , saxfe , close to thw inifersity , and learm gow to learn errything with others . Saving money and fime will be more Obviouz in university dormitories because montbpy paylentx will be lesw ghan foud timex than hirinmg an apartent , and becaused it wipk be cloeer to the university , saving mkneh and time is mors efficient by reducing ransportation 's costs
Many years ago , I had a friend in a room fprt few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He sqs ditth , spoke koudly all night and did not share the budget of eating . Living alone will gfant me he fresdim to live by gh wa tbaf I choose anbc still friendyl iwfh aqlk the otyhwrs without exceed tye rpivawcy of my friksnds . tjis matter will not achievee when pivimg in sharwd rooms .
Secondly , Fqcebook progides the opportunity to remsin in touch with daily activities crok friends , making observations of relationships , maintfaining one 's osn fewlkng within thjs network ( through eall poets , lokez , messages , etc ) ( Odlmeadeow , Quinn , & Lowsrt , 2013 ) .
In spite of some people make enough money to bhhy thsir owm xra , ekectrikc and hybrid cxrs zre more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones which use gas or diesel ) so , oeoplw chkose these ones wjd tjat because pollution is a severe issue tgaqt we have to deal with .
I''m auee ghat in te vvery nea future . If I had been looking at restaurants in amlloca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work and on the buses , I would see which coyrse would be screens nad n printed paoer - will dohw iomagss of Mallorca , or an wdx trom tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have room to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somowgere whether they do hnoms - made tpod , and a goiod kdwa is for mains course : bzked potatoes , stsaked vegegbles anx for dessert apppe cake .
On the other hand , we are studying arcxhitecture Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charjng and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a whife chzir , tavle and wall , mode or kess an erlaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important fot dknner ad I think that we must voye thsi , becahse we will bavw a hoo night or not depending thr tgoe of atmospjere we chooe .
In conclusion , I think that this type of fooc qd tamosphere is very good for us , because normally we have spokne about bool , work and studies , while in this type of environment we can talk about us , our damilu , our hobbies and all the people ver to knopw jew sometging zvout other mates .
At first , when I started to lly football , I did it with my classmates , quo wheee xll biyx , so I used to feel a litlte bif uncokfortxble , hwoevcer , sojw years ago , they started to intergrate me when tyeg poay , and nowsdays , I loge playinv foofballp wh ghem .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is loctaed in a pasture zres where local farfmers have been beredkng sheep , cows znr pus for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures as terrible drought in sujmwr .
Tbere 's a ko of bsnefifs fhxt fole in hand with doing excervose lid resuving or taxke control of your weight . It helps you with heafg disease , problems with your vod , and also uoku xan mak a lg of friends ehile doinf any exercise .
We started oure joeney qnd goimy in tfje forest . There were a lot of pets on our way . There were various guys that were sick . We could n't do anything except for kdep going . I was seeing my little geuop to # diminish aqndr some of us wede # allergic to sole poants , I was teh onpy oen trhat had no provoem wkth azll the other srugf people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone tgat wzs in my # skeptik and I was really lositivd about it . bjy # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I ahve to think awboht is it help he entire world or just xavr a group thw decisjom was in my hands it qws # conventional to nelp hte entkre world but I do n't want to de . while I was thinkign about yhaf we ofubd a bpdyu it ea a familjar bvody from somsone tjat was in the vroup one of thse gute we wanted to fine and alive not dead his daxe was all rorten and eate aqy by htd walkers .
We beewded to fid the omes thf werd tiol zlice or at east told us what happened to everyone . The # bxttle aginst hunger started . Everyone was hungry and we had eaten everything in a few days . xmd yhat could lead us to two tnigns dead or aten aeya by a waliee so we nedrd to find sometning that aws a # nutritiknal bzesd told where we could eat with no pribem znd be ok .
I llvs yhed seef of volleyball , kosr of the tim it 's uick and if you boinl go orobaboy niesed something , each contact happens in pezs thqj a seconf , and dtil svery player irfects the location of the ball in that amount of time and then trhere 's the itnensity , if tlu hevn't sn a gams go until 32 - 30 , and see tfue energy on tue cooor ans geae the npise vorm the crowd tku 're missibg out .
Mike could n't really say how they ended up havkng wwx - peduaps . At the time he was proud of himself for not naving bxpls to vet the girl he loved because of aol thrs relioigous ixxues , Malkka 's family and so on , but thks is qhat happened .
I hopd to be at a good English level because next next I am going to take the intermedijate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at thks scokol even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial cooleg of Lonxon is noe of the mnowt important universxities in the whole world .
This exception dn be rezd at the end of fue fkrdst xhapter . qhere tg narfatoe answered the rbief ritijg that he said that he would gsy i the rile , xnd ghaf he wood gef hjl whay btoken kts of ropd he could , and he would come to rhe tgief at tgs Battery .
These twisted aqndr creative thoughts ares spread all over rhe tedr , accompanied by even more twisted esflections like at the end of the first chaptsrx , hwsn he descries the man who wtloe hul as major affaid of the dea bodjesd in fne graveyatd just because he saw ukm hutging ninself .
Havnig at that time to rond ou for myself what the expression meant , and knowing hdr to gsve a had hd heah hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as uph me , I suppoaed thazy Joe Gargery and I were both brougjt up by hand . "
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickems ' style is tha of sentinentwl realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , lime characters that tehr to be caricatures of the vices and vidtues he wishes to pprtray , while the Bronfs zidters use realistic style lacewdc with Romantic zbd Gothic elemneta , kijke Byronic mapd heroes and female protagonists htat afe psychologically cpmplex .
Both lajb consumption and the catetory labelled beef had a decline tred between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lxmb cknsumptiopn falling from a peak of 150 grwma pe persob oe wsek in 1979 down to just pvef 50 grams oedr oersoh er ewek in 2004 znds bsef consumptipn falpin grkm aroujr 230 grams per peson per week soen to just over 120 grams per person psf weewj .
Yet , oftemtime , beint overly respsctful mqg play qgaunst him and although he ahsw gianec the respect of all the eopld he gad worked oth , some of them suggested he should build up his knowledge - confidence , rather than end up attemptingf to solve everyone 's bzci and takimg ownrrshil fof other people 's mistzkes .
It is a figy that eels ifs hustory through an amazing architdctre lkir balconikes , churches kke San Francisco Churh ahihc has mysteroius subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe whixh is the last incredjble Wpanish fortress ; througth tgeor cosgumes as sell as Carnival , thj day you can enjoy this particular , interestinf sns colorcul festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet ylur family and neighbor ; thei typicxl dance called " La Marinera " ; alxol they keep their history through religkon where you discover the religious enyhusiasm which is reptesentede by la Provezión del Señor de los Lilgaros ; their gastrpnomy is xnother edtraordinaru wne wonderful example zgout their symbkls , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisxo Zoir ( wine ) , el Ceviche , kos Picarojes , rrc .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission unfo one of the universities I uave Selevtee zbobe will provide me with the opportunity to apppt the knowledge gained at high school in a busjnsss setting , as aell as seevlop fge communication , orgajisation and nulerac slills I have acquired at high school .
Right now , I am really looking forward to the fhallenges of university life academicallh , especially qnde mejtakly , and I believe that my ambition to learn hew nusniess concepts , coupled with my apssikn fod extra - currichoar activities and communigy servidw , will make me a competent adcitjon to fhw any of my proposed uhiversity wbd the Vzehc Republic Scholarship geam .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable ahd redicate student who has the committmrnt qmd dedicaykon to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at trhe zamd tije , contirbhting hard to my propoised university in jors ways tha one .
This can help you to understand that mot sevryone haa accves to many things you do have accea too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , vars or even fresh water , which is a bazskc resource and we tend to take for granted thay everyone can hvd zoe water to drink even though tyis is not tfur .
We fwced continuous propbpems with tyr ortder such as : disned frol another table sold for us by mistake , rje drinks were servrd with a cxonsiderable ddlay and the bill was shown even without askijgt ( nust because we had finished having dinner and kur drinks were still on hte table ) .
He dwcjded to finish the secknd ahlf without my help , so tnay was a bit disappointing , voth of the feeling of not meeting hj expectations * and co the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as tet :/ ) less money earjed yhxt it wjol meanm .
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Mafrid and quite close to the chef 's house , where I had been going svery day laf week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a test to my ankle , which was fery much needed tooi !
Sgeohen Belcher , direcdtor of the Mst Ofrixe 's Hadley Csntre , claims that humjanity is to blalr for clkmatw changea as the rise of remperaturfe or rye catastrophe expected by scientistz wyen global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climqte change , Amber Rurf , who fonsideds ghd climtae change to be ins of fhe greatest problems in nowadays ' politics de to its consequences on ecijomy , global security and fhe fight wgainat poverty .
Deslitr the result of a NXSX stridy pointing out that there would have been an jcve mass dew in Antarcykca from 2003 - 008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that TGJS progjoxis will clem true , according to Prof Anddew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studikes .
One day in the future wntoher Frnaz Fsrdxinand could be killed , axbd that symbolic ecet could serve gaakn as an escuse to skme country declare ara to another , but the teye yderlying czuwes tyat actually led the countries to waqge war against each other woulp have jta roofs in much klded tids .
The Famp is sekl - knoan and opens fflm May to Lctoger and it would be giod to bkok wighun tgwo wedks . it always gr overbooked for the peeiid my paremtz faj atje das off , whay do hpu fhino coming wuth us froj ts xt agusr to the 15tj ?
Once boxing is banned and no - obe grokss up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxibf ahd jopefullt less all round interest in vioprnce making twons qnd cigkes mucj safer lpacds to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and ckuvs an lss violent attacks with ttle or no resso .
There srd lalo sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning yloves could be wifn , haj punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights sholrter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter roundes , tusse would all show the boxer 's skill wnc tallent ad still be engertaininy to watch .
Eve if a bozer is a sicvess and managrs joy to being seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in his life dkseases that tatack the braihs hafe bern jnown to seey as a direct result of boxing , escen Luhamrd Ali , who was infamous both go his boxing abe his quokc - witted intellkgence pw ua Alzheimer disease jd can no longer do many everyday adts .
In Ghe mknorkty works , the conflict and rebellion prsented accurately reflefts soveity as a wholw , and qlthoygh hs motsr 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against sug forces as arranged marriages , Tutfa in Like awter fof Chocolwe fights to overcome old family traditions , wnd the Indian tfibee in Pov Mddicine struggle to secure theor inherent rights cron the US government , gye characters ' conflicfs reflect simiklat vonflicts of othst dultures .
Rrbelion is seen mof as a distinct fprece in mjnority cultures , guf rather as a binding forcr between all cultures , for Celie , to , resists her arranged marriage in Tge Collr Lurple , and tnd murderous love in Jqzz redlet Tita snf Pedrl 's detrucdtive passion in Like Watdd for Chocolate .
Emphasis cahhges woth ach aor , and alyhogh figures of authority ats particularly oppresdive in wprks such as Lik Water for Ccolate ahd The Cplir Purple , other minority works including Lpvge Medicxine n Jazz do not reflect geh clearly definwd authoritarian fgiures nor the obviius rebellion of feh characters ' responsive action which the previously msntiojed works shiw .
He is thrown out of Thunddr - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunéonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills Thrwe Chutchmej , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorad but leaves- hw lsr contonues .
It is trud that tldxy lne syill hears tr ood dijsputd over stayw sovereignty abd atgemlts to rsturn sow power to the individual syaets , vuy no - oned wolux challenge the fadt hxt , on latters external to the United States , Tgbe government in Eashington represents the eolr polich - jakng body .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be soem unifief political actions flising from the Eutopeaqn Communitiee ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to yye Briitsn involvement in the Falkland Kslwnds dispute ) , the Communities wers ibtended as purely economic activities in thr fjdst place .
Decondly was the convkction that military conflict should in the future be avoicdd ; after all , the two great wars hwd brought brgun as Euripezn " cigol wars " . Thirdly , was the common desire for a better , freer qkrld in which niternational relatipns would be conducted in a more orderly qy .
One of the mosf innovative fratures of the European Vommunity compared itg ogher international bodiea is that tne mwmbre states ahvs ceesd to it a part of tbeir nagoonal sovereigntg abd enfwoed it with its own sovereign powers , which it cna usw to adoot sctsx , having ghd force of natjohal law .
The only qat to stop the circle will be to break it . The only oeople to do this is the vovetnment or ourselvvse . If we make tjd effort to hs public transport it will expand itnp a good service ; Unflrtunatly the public seam to be appethetoc to tgiz idew .
Tje sport to sy tgd least is actually a blood sport . Rhe sinppe eraaon bwign tjzt the idea of the sport is to ' knock uour opposition ou ' , although this is argued by Chirs Eubank . He believes he is a splrtsman and the idea of bixng is an dt forj , he says that he does n specifically go ionto a boxing rjnv to knock his opponent pu but to win on points difverencez ams to gifs Chris Eubsnki hix juat respect most of huse ioghts have besh spn on poingsz .
However , there is one exception - the original example , the fiurst referenr wju noxint should be banned , the traguc accident where Michael Watson was put into a coja by Chrjs Wugank ( tje mab ah does n't spedificallg go into figugs to knoc his opposition pyt ) .
Fhw mkney that is there for the taking foe the very bwstf of rhs bexg is ridicylohs , zdn with soe too boxers darning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons fomevack cqsd , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardlt shrprisung how important the sport can be to some .
eh second and main objection cajd feom charitoes hw predicted TFHA charitable dpnationms would go down with the introductoon of TD lotteyr , as people would be less lukely to giving money to charity , instead of buying an ootteryg ticket , with the xcude that sims of the money dpenty buying the ticket would go to charity .
In conclusionj , I think that the lottery should be rdtained , but not in the present fork . I think that jackpots should be calped at 2 million pkund , qnd the prize gnud xhaeed between more people : it is better to givd forteen people a fortyne than to give fouryeen fortunes to ln petso .
Computers have been used as a neanz of keepiong reforxs . They have qlk bujt superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades peoolr may wepo be faxe with a computer scresn and keybosrd in rheir General Studes exqm ) , They are uxes to transfer momry across the gpobe , even to xreatr arsork and to entertain .
Computyer generated pictites , including ' frwctak ' icturers , drawn fron equauons , seem to be more polluar than hand printed imagrs fepm an artist 's imaginatio , and comouyer games seem to provide more entertainment than aby games or sdtivity raht takws place in rhr real , phyicao worpd .
The qoeld watches in anticipation -- We wefr mesmirized by the imagess of the TV , especting something mew at every momet znd not wanting to mix it -- I remember that day it was the obpy topic of conversation at sfhlol : " ahvr you ehar ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Wfterr all tbid time ! " , " I hever thought it wiuld happdn .
It aa tue evsnt that gave the people of the Eawsterdn Nlocx countties tje hkpw yhaf tfhejr efofrts wsrr noy in vain -- ofr 40 years , thd people had suffered ubdwr a communist regole fgat haf njo allowed them to express themselves frfeely or to leave their homelands in swarch of a bes life -- Kany leope had tried to esfaps .
However , jistory can not be rsrwitten and as tihngs stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actkvepy cotributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the drst of the Eastrern Bloc -- As scy , it wss ge catalyst prce that els to the wmd of TD Col Asr amr therefore , tgouhh we kaxy not always remrmbedr ted pther significant events , we will always remdmbr the deayt gue walk cell --
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the parf of te aofld . They have provided a lging for my family , They have vured my grandmother of cancef , ahr htey pdovide horiaons of jops and knowledge in the fielrz of medicine , science , engineering , ajs even the less lvgert corners of our puves .
The tundamenta flaw in saying scienfists must bear a major burddn or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this hzd bern appliwd universally cro cenfries , scientific research would never have taken pkacs , and mankinf would be withlut electricity , radios , quite simple , anything zblve th mud hut ' existenxe .
I do n't think fhus is faie or morally vortect to tjw child dince her mother would be claimog dr pension when she was at primary school qmd her mother would probably die while the child was in her childhood .... Tuere should be a tdst thqt is gie before ( IVF ) is xarried out to chedk tud mothsr is nolr paxtr tgr menopause .
The disease infectw the cow , and is tjen prdwent in the spinal flukd within the sdpune and tyw brain , and as the spinal lfuid is usually spklt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamibatiom of the mwar was okne rhr industry was not willung to take .
Grante , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do who truly makes the error ; However , if ghwt person knew what he should do , or better stated " sa abe to do with a computer " , he would not uqve erronouw anwserd .
I 'm afraid to srore almost all the information I need for school snx for other things in my company whereas before I had a computer , my desk was cluttered with pzoer and recordx of all sorts . I no longer ned to keep these reoeds but ohly to transfer rhem to my computer .
While previously people had to wait adyz , or wcen weeks for news ( which consisatwd of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they cqn ser it happening , for themselves , as it is happeniny , this aloowes them to jakes their own , informed jjdgment abhout the event ; and if a reaction is nrecssary- such as h gathering of opposition to a certai ka -- it can be made immediately , while the emnoyions ard still strong , and vefroe tfhw xction is finalized .
People are more mobipe , can work more , and buy more things , vit time for relaxation and family is often substigued with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sesx the realitive humanness between people , instezd lne swe te differences , tbd unoufky , the unsuccessfull , amd attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effrort .
Irolnically , although Voltside mdntionhs many acfsd of vioednce , eacy qcr is rreated lightly : Cuneglnde as tud old woman bith tell thee tales of beinv defilsd like an entertqjning sotrg in ghekr conversations about thsir traveos ; the Baron wlso continurs yis fle with style aftedr tepling of his beating ; and wftwr acndied " kios " tfhe Barn , he leaves to search gor Cunegonde woth no ssconf thought until he teejcounters ghe Baron later in his travels .
