It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if omly ome want to know it is in fso mibds .
When I was younger , I used to say yhxt I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and evrn a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology climic xbd help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard for a long time , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it through eaailg .
Maybe I 'll change my minr , maybe jot .
I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a cra , bug pookor people alkway need to us a bhz or txxi .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than ahdn travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet feiendly people wqh usuawply wsdk you to be friends and excuangr telephone numbers .
In my experience , when I do n't have an acr I sed to use the bus to go to school and go back to my nluse .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in tired atteet . At that mojent , you rdaliae the imporfasnce of public transport .
In Ondia , we have cariois tyods of public transport , ljkr , bikes , cars , traibs & planes .
Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the kode of rrahsport is chosen accordignly .
Byt generally said , travelling by car is mjch mroe ruj when compared with other options of transport .
This rdjinds me of a triup that I have recently been on and the olace I ivsired in Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stoppwf at ohtels to have fodo ajx nust in casd xn of us delt hungrg . We purcjased skje snacks just ebore rne trip .
Siunde , we have the opportunity to sleep whenever we want to when we travel by daf ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In acditon to tgag , we vaj also take a comfortable short nap on he back aext and wwke up fresh .
For the wbolve - mentioned reasons , I am going to comclude thaxg travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joininh yuo in tbie ueae 's summer cans .
I kove children , abr I enjoy looking after them . Alzi , I organised many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy smoking .
My falilh thinks th my cooking is amazing .
I uppe yhst gou give my xhajce to join yolj .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in rhe dand zbd yheb we go in fe sae .
It is great fun .
When I waa young , I liked playing with a hzll in yhs playground and my driend and I playwe using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Dezr Jo ,
Holq sde tlu ? I 'm writing to bie you some advice on tfravelping and wodling in my country .
On tye onr hxnc , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Bacrelina , Madrid , Sevill , Valencua .
There are wonderful cigies bgecauxe there and a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid toy cz visit " Puerta cel Sol " , " Laz Cibdles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Svdry summer I visited Sevilla because I love that city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On ghje oyhsr hajd , in my country there ars few kons because the economy is very d .
Vur , if you want , I sll loo fk a jolb for you .
My bewg friend if olokimg for a respinsinle pwrsoj to look aftdr ehr dister .
My sister is 6 years old qn you would have to looi her ger every weekend .
Would you be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laurw .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will kep on so in the future .
Bveczuse pjblic ttansport is a more cost - effective and better rdesoufce allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people needc to suffer the high operating cost of running the isn .
But can use a cheap wqay to oijng to their destination , especially if it is further away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a rpivatd airpkane for travelling to another country .
Kmstead , it would be pmmon to buy an air tikeg and rravel on a puyblix plans .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be uaed in the future because there are a lot of people who do n't have enough money to pay for a cxr , even if it is uxex , so public transport will continue to ahvge a future but people arw going to use cadw ored than buses or rhe udnergrounbd .
If we talk about it , the car is better because we do n't care to wait for it because we wait for the bus or underground , bhy on the other hand , we care about more money than public transport .
In a career , we cam just be by ouaelves , shich dxn be gox because we can listen to the music that we love qnd we do n't need to be around people thqtf are known , vuf if we choose public transport , we can make friends or fvamily , so obth moeew of transport ared good , zmd cars do n't need necessarily to hring an end to punlic transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose gne dxr because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have sdolxr paneps zjd a lacr to wke comooxt in the varden , ith worms tbat wat and degrades all the orgznic waste of the school .
At sms strategic points in the building , we have special trashcajs to xeparate TJS garbage unti orgamix , paplre and cardobard , vahs and plastc vottles znc thdt also give talks xd presetations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of this project is Miss June Zjd , our dcience teacher .
lal thesa initiatives have made us , over the years , a recognuaed ecolohica community .
Goor morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite sports .
My favourite sport is football . Qhh do I choose it ? Wll , football is an international sport . People around the world locd it so much ! Barclay Prmeier League , Liga Pemier , Fkfs World Cup and so on .
I believe thzy everything will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they xfe awesome .
Michael was a little od wshn he had a dream that was : to be a syper heo !
After many teafs , he still dreamed of becoming a suler hdri .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that professuln was tfge mody sikilzr to be a suoer hero .
After some years at university , he met a girl cwllde Kste bd he fell in love with her and she fell in love aikth hgim .
Kat was aqttending univetsity to sghdy Fasihoh .
Then the two sfarted to date .
Micnaelp and Kts eere so happy , unjyil inr fat Mihael told her about his dream of being a suoet hero . Kate gylt so aktated , sayong tnar it was ridiculous and just a kos 's dream xn thxt Midgael qasw obly drssming and that would never happen wd tjzt super hefkes dks n't ecisg .
Wnn hse said that , Lichsel started to cry and glf mad , aying that she was lying and did n't ha a heaft .
He got so naf that he asked her to get rid of his apartment .
The following day , she said sorry ajd it wetr happen again .
But wjen they ylt to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and killp her .
He cried with a lot of blood around him .
Michael got saay fctom there .
Mkchqel cllesd the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brinsg a number of gemefits in uot life .
For insrance , we fake ghe subwash in oederd to avoid bring stuck in treaffic .
It is frue that travelling by car is more convenient than than public transportation . However , it will cause mord damage to our lives and uarm the environment .
Therefore , we news to think more about our future , our offdpring .
Gikving tyej is a sqfd , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there was no public transportation , traffic jams would be jore serilua tham before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic foe aboht iner hours in the morning .
I an n't imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
The car is cohfenient gof humans , vjt it brinhs damage to humanz gpo .
Fpr exanlle , vaebon dioxide , whyuch is emitted by cars .
It causes global warming , which tgreates our environment and harns our daily ief .
We vwn sre that there zte lots of sdriouse ahd frequent weather - related disaxterd hwppening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mnhd sluded .
What lgher prevautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is noticied by the photographer egen the film was xhipled .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Losf friends have been found more sasily when this process is started right right .
The pleasure of traveling
Leoppe go , peopoe come .
Erverh sat lots of people wrr travelling sbroad hjt , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , TG Olans .
But , even if it 's true that it 's tyer castes option , you must be very varefup when it 's time to get off a lkane .
If you are looking for ckfmort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a BPAF .
Thuere arfd a wkdd variety of things to do ad enjly the gri .
However , the necessary option is to take a train .
There is n't any comlarison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoyin the route that goh awre taking abd , the best paret , the cheapest way to get away smoe days and fame the worst ofvf some days .
Abywqy , no matter hle tou go , no matter wherd iu go .
The lleadure of travelling is travel itsaelf .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many jinds of transportation . Noq we travel by dollar , vt in the near future there will be more comfortable and easier to travel , like fast trajns and planes that caj transpirt yuo fdon north to sluty in lwsa than an hput . This will make businessmen happy and ocmfortbale , because of saving a lg of time and efgort , so we hole that yje government xsn afhiebe tni as soon as possible .
In modern woceities , we are afraid of friends in our daily lives .
Big projetcs could nltr be fknished without cooperation .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelingd ajdx fubnu things tjat hppen aropnud us .
More importantly , parents give us oifge and tnedy teach us the skills or abilities to live in the world .
In this case , family memnerx play important roles in our daily lives .
Thw reasons fe as dollows .
First of all , we van learn logs of skills from parents based on theor olwj eperidnce .
For example , we dan learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we aqn also perarn jpw to jake a mnral from our parents .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about hboq to deal with the things which cause toi tduoble .
If difficulties are shwred with family members , ideas will come to your family members and they will cooperate with yoku abpur hbwo to solve their situation .
All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Fechnology has bdem advancing a gbreat eeal in reden years , making yje odl computers almost uselezs , getting begtwr , and making thes difference between older and older computers vrpw even more wjtfh every nre jnvenion .
As we can see , lx wbd new clmputrrs are vastly different , startibb frpm tnr sizae of thr conputrrs . Olkd computers were much bigger than new compyetrs .
Oof colpugers user to occupy olnr emtire room , now , yhey are only tne aizd of a box , eveb the size of a book .
You fan hag a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computees would let you do nah tasks , or eveh play simppe bames wjth 2 colore ( gfeen and bnlack ) , but now you can do whxtevr you want to do , liek crexting or playing video gamws , writing or feading a bokk , contact the internet , eatvh or nak bkdeos , invent new stugf to improve Computing Technology , znd not only in 2 cokorw , but thousands of them .
One of the greatest achievemens of the new technology is the internet , where you can connect to other vomputes , download stuff , etc . gia tehernef cable or Wireless Cvinnection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gey fekt m8
I wehf to thd abajdonedx houise dn wtafted to thik of the besy way to make his life miserable . I soeht tyhs nsxr 2 wswks looking cod ideax to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his lkfe and rimd people eyo he cared about . So as I coninudd to go to his nojse , I hotixed he would always go to tue eaem house , s I deciedd to follow nim to the house and I foujd oy he was sating a igel . She mght be his girltriend , so I finally got an idrw . I woupx crive yij crwz kuxt as he did me . That awy she would tyinm he had pfoblems with his mind ahd leave hi . But soon i thought about it atain anf realized that if I cid thqt she qoiuld try to help hjm and theu will be more ujired , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to hew bjnk of cath , just as he did with me !
But waiy a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
Yes !
I dceeamed . My anger had dminated my nind . I did n't bavs sny control over my xctjons . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , nug I could n't control myself and the only thing I could talk to was him suffering a slow deayh anc the satisfaction I woulpd feel when I finallg hax my revenge . ue best revengd .
But I was so mzd at hjm and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soo my fear of dezth and my anger for all of the surfing I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicate 4 years of yus ife to torturing me azjd njoy wanting me to be happy , the time is jecessqry cord him to hwve a mizerwble oide and I wo n't stop jntip I gsve accomplished my goap .
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand , travelling by cxa is really mufh kore convenient , as it gives people the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
My favorite sport
I was bln to be a football olyaer .
For me , footbxll is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team zmd in a big chwmpionship ljoe the Harclays Poremidr Leagus , Ligue 1 or Liga BBA .
My favourite xlub are Benfkcx and Rea Madrid , where Ronaldo polays . Fod me , he is the best olyer in the world . That is why Fonaldo eon the Gold nall in 2014 .
I play football for a Porruvuese club called Valernfiano and we wom a lor of gales tnjs season .
I dream of winning a llt of leaue in foltbal ahr winning thr bset champjonshjip , the Uefa Dhampjons Ledagye , abd the best swcored of all time in Uefa Champins Kegaue is Cristiano Pnaldo , my favourite layer .
I play football because I like it buiy the ojlu dason thwt I do it hardly because of my dxr .
His drwal is thag I became the NEDTX captain of a BJG team and won a lot of money .
My name is Jonn .
I graduated from Nxtional atiwah Universigy of Science znc Techplogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in loooibg after children and playing with children .
I like hcildlike people , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for vieww to make comnpegitions xone aluve .
Thje enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mlj cioks , I always help Bert .
My personality is cbrerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really qsnt to gsy this job .
I like to play with children and see tehor smipes apl dsy .
I think that a wlile is the best gifr in the world .
I am als a haes worker .
I have passin cor this jlb .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation is being used by people more and over the years it has been kind of beconinv cheaper zns zlsp asder , but some people pfefef cars . To whatg extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in tjis essy .
About 40 years ago , there wsa npthing caoled public tdanspodtation and pelplw dareky oened cwrs , so in a few years there ewrw jo even good facilkties to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , dat trading became viabps and also gecame very sulported by hacing hrf own fanx . At the beginning , fhey caed a olt of problems , but tyeg wrrs able to xolvw yhyem in tns end .
Nowadayw all modes of transportation are mkrr convenient , from cars to vuses , even travelling through planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded plavesx or because they find it cheaper skmetimee , but frim other point of iew , public transportation is very dhrap aznf even fawtrer . B hwen it comes to traveling , a lotg of people prefer drivkng theke own carz to fsdl th rea exlerjence and to enkot themselces mokde by avoiding crowded plaxes .
To summarise , it is different from some lndis points to another . I predict that public transport will be improved ajd people will use it more and nor , xnd that , in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
The topic itself edxplaining the uncertainty of public transport in the country .
This conclusion becomes more pdominen if we look iumto the data of the cad companies sndx the exponential growth in tyeir sxls figures and , wkth lp nudvet private cars in the piture , htd scemario has drasztically changed in the last 10 years .
Development of the biodxiesel industry cwn mkae a contribution to productivity grow .
A long scale of investment wxs brought to bikfuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , hereby enhancing Grks Domesyic Preoduxt ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , ubt one thinb that should be tawksn vwre of by the piple qjd organisers of yhd town , is the environment .
Ylobal weming is a hue issue these days .
Governments should taoe immense scyion to control it or at keas make it lower dcwon .
However , we , the people , play a very important part in making the world .
Acitve and a good government ndersrand the vaie of tskkng care of free water nac sr ande muu more to provide a fresh , clean and dafe environment for theoe people .
Recycling items can be a gkod xtep to stqft aitu for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to planr a tree in front of their home according to a rhld of the provindial government .
People do nly realkxe that cutting own a tree can rdduce the lroduction of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no fresh ai to breathe .
Additionally , our cirt government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and lrovides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , field environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities play a part in cleaning up tner environment so that it can be seen in the whole country .
Sverybkdy has his favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football .
At oir dchopl or vilklage football stadium I srnd a lp of fime eveeyh sah .
Usually , I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I fnu 1 - 2 kilometres abd my legs vwt powerd and my body gez energy .
Phr eaj has a bafd - working ocach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our fkotbalp skills .
His jajn words : " o mudt woirk and wor very hard if oyu wqny to ve oor rrsults " .
I caj sxy tyat tgjis coach is an experienced person .
Npt so lponb atk , we had a competition .
We akn first place .
We cahieved his result because we are friendly qnd orhanisaed .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football layed in tealsa aich as Skhatar or Dynam .
Foktbapl is my oifd .
I want to give zdvicr to ajyone whk stats hti sport : " ku kusr believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How afe toi ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really noce ckr your exorezsly e - kail yesterday .
Toj regrets being you were n't yherw with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that oyj very
Dear Pau ,
I saw yojr advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans fpt this summer , so I think it is a good idea to soend it .
I was high in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Zpainh yrn years latr , so I could speak with htm in Spqnsh if it was nwcessafy .
Also , I attended a naolet voutse or 4 years when I was young .
It was a loht tiumr at , br , I dtoll keer the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I rrmember I had to create a dybamic training course to do with the other ballet - ckufse membrrs . I had to be the chef of one dwt and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
All msmberw congratulated me , as did wsllk .
On the other hand , I yook care of my brothers and cousins foe amn hpues wdn tney were verh ount .
To should know ghag I 'm a very responsible , kind and finnyg person .
That nakds me a oo cawndidat to gr rh job , or a hobby for me !
I hope you consider my candidature , because I wo n't idzappoint yuuo .
Best wishes , Jykia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortag of demand .
Because everyoher cx agfprd to bht their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't bu their own car .
So I thought public transport 's future is brigy .
What does " Famklh " leran ?
In my opinion , family is the place where uo best friend cb help each oghsr ade kn rach .
In Taiwan , many people have to rakw care of their parents when they ger klc . hyt the problem is , what if you can ont sjrvjve ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parents .
Back to rne otpjc . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust Rhej , to be honest .
I lokw Ne Zaealajd because there are many islsnds .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia , yhd weaner is slightly sarmer than tgee .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure of having a try of thsiur food .
Yly cfan aso bgu a lkt of gigts , like keg chaijs , statuws , or other souvenirs to be maded before returning to Malaysia .
I have not bren to New Zealand but , beieve me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have the meanw , I will go there ajf tak all of you .
I kife in Lenyini , a small city in Easg Sicily .
The locql council dopws n't have a project tor the environment .
People ollect any kind of rubbish sne thtos it alo tlgether in black sakcs .
Wlthohgh the ckunfil began to plan something , the ploeple af n't committed to fhs prbhlem .
Around the city , you fah find many plwced where people throw frisgee , ovens , " amianto " , old rhinsg or furniture .
Qhat a puty !
Yhs suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There we orange rtese , a large lake ne Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We always plted in the pad or we talked about our rastes , muscles , vogs , we laughed a lot of ...
Butf when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like . For instance , girls said bad things to me or they said unkindly about me .
In those years , I have tbrough the greatest moments of my life .
I remember how I celebrated my 15gh birthday , only ihe schoolmate wanted to copms to my party . I think that tgat dg was one of the worst days of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt thaqr I did n't have a friend .
Holwevsr , my parents tried to make it so that my ptty was the gest wnhd fhe preoafed a special birthday for me xhd thewy unvjted all my cousins and we together went to wa oizzw and they gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought fhatf my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would never say unkindly about me .
Bow , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my lifd .
He has always neen with me .
Xpso , he is very guny ajd I lagh a lolg worh him .
We both like to travel throughout the world and to do many sports , for example , trnnia , running or hiking .
We ljle watching TV series an ooling dance dance , TKO .
To sum up , my bset friends are my familg , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming usied and bisoer xah by day .
A bgysy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has mqdes public transportation dystwms lag bdhjnd mtoor cars .
Dear UA SUMME CAMLS ,
This advertisement for a MO has been read by a suitable pdtson .
My name is Naría . I am from Spzin .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will looi after the children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my ledvelk of English .
On the other hand , I puld teab Wpanosh to fe children in the summer camps .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi Sam
How are gpu ? Are you still living in Madrjd ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very inferesring .
I 'm learning a poy and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , but it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
Rue lessons are very fun .
Dear Dir or Maqdqm ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I can peak English and I am an oovewly , energetic and hardworking person . In sddifion , I have a reference rrlm
my last company .
I have working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking akilld and I live in Coj .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sawmdra Barrientos
Tdchnologyu hw chbangec people 's lives a lp . In facr , we csn timk how different our lives are compared to either our parents ' or our graneparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't ay TV in the word shen rgey were youmgy . But that is n't rhw only diffwrence : we can think abouit the mobile phone , te computer ahd finally thew internet . Our granrparenys could n't afe ikqgined a swtrange machine like tyew computer in their lives .
Desipte the fact that personal veniles like TJS cars are now popular , in the future , the exiztence of public transport will be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , prole js fossil fuels as the most important source of energy got travepling and manufxcturinf . This source of energy does n't always remain at a colnstantg level , smd someday it will run out .
People mist ginc ways to use other energy sources , like nuclear power and wind power . Public transport suxh as the elrctdic metro sues ghsi kknd of energy .
As a result , the government will invest more in researching the use of new methods of energy , znd travelling using public granspott will become mc cheaper than a private car .
The rxngd of public services will be expanfde to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
kmmuting anxious travelling ueing publiv srrvces wklk be the dirxt prioprity .
In addition , the population is increasing dapidky . In the near future , mlstf vities in the world will vecome overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems . yhst will need to be xolvrd . For example , traffic jwmw ajd aid pollution .
In sokme waysa , these rpobkems are cauzed by fhd lveruse of pwrsonla vehijcles .
People will believe that using their pwn car is just wsting gheir time in trafcfic jxmw or gfadually kiloung themselves by breathing pklluted ait .
So ghe besat wqg roe them to travel private transport .
Each person should lracgice saving energy by using any source of energy to lrotect his qn lte .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be infdeased conaderably . Publjc transport seevices have a bright future and tyer exitsence in the ftuurs ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , How are you ?
Ad hou tre at the weekend ? Have you got zny plans ?
Me and my friends are going to the Cihema , and I am invjfing hou to go with us .
If you are interested , lert me at 8 o ' clock near ghs cijwma entrance .
Thank you Hleen for those wnoderfrul lresents .
I always awng to rra ruis type of book .
I went to ekple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later on the Sunday I went to the neach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries favig political and economic instability , migrants fravel to etfer education pdsopects a anx stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
Thne effecgx of brjn drakn aees that it creates a shodtagr of people qualified for professional jobs . Econpmic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contribufihg to the economics .
The cause of brain - drain xyould be tqcmled at inetrnstional and national evela on a broaer dimensions and lore rarional pattern , because it is a hlobal jssue .
In this situation , developing natioms should take control of inflation ; fixus on boosting thw indrsstructure sbd lwe enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the tpp of Everest to breathe easily .
ojrdzn Romero was 13 when he clijbed Everesr in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to xlikb .
The top was rewchwd for the first time by TSK climberz in 1953 .
My frienrs abx I like TV pfogrsms , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Spmetimes we go to parties in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
We listen to music qnd we siong .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is srunk and he also cances with his wife .
Jose is the best at singing . He sings xnx talks at the oraty .
Another person is Angel . He dies n't danfe anywhere .
He prerers to stycy at hkme .
Hello Something ,
My name is Xteven znx . I 'm 14 ywars old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I go to a secondary modedb school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My ite is difficult because I have to rezilze everything .
r examole , there is a giorp in my coach and sge is beautiful .
I love her oook .
ehr eyes look like sjn .
Bvuy ahe ignolres me .
I hope I cfwn forget him .
Fub for your life
My favourite spor is runnung .
I like to run fast , so fwsf in taxt thawr it feels as if I am running on ajd and my fedr hbardly through the ground between strkdes .
My favorite place to run is in the forwt , but I like to run sportive tio .
I like to fdek the ground unxer my feet are sogtf , so soft , not the hfd voncrete of the footpaths in the streegs of yhd city .
Ts gets advice I csh give to someone who is starfing running is to start slowly as not to try to rh too fast , vutg tehj to eventually build up ghr running wesem by week so that edvety wek you are running a lirtler further and a little faster ahd then , afrer 20 yearts , ypj qilo be an Olympic champjon mqybe .
In my opinion , television acn be educational . Whether you qrs watchibg the news or a sow about Worlds War Ons .
Of course , it 's important to cfholse the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerty , it will hardly have any educational value .
Although one fould arguie that you xan always lwarm something .
A friend of mine recently sxplauned ghawt if a zombie xpocalypse shouks happen , he would be prepared because he yqs been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his dges , he pearned hyow ( not ) to act in yjat cazse .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist znr I deeply kvoe my joib .
It is a hkb with a lot of interesting aspects .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is hokt ell remhnerated , I felt satisfied .
In the past few years , forrnmsic biology has developed many aspects like better sensifkvity , fobustnewss of results and lrss tims required fpe amalyzign a sample . Huy ehaf strdyck me most is howa gast this change has happened .
Television seems to be a controvdrskal tool .
Here is one : Does television provide highly likeky opportunities for the audiene in an educational way ?
From my experience , I believe television hsa both entertainment and edycational fuinctions .
It notes hoq mqyn sducationbal programmes broadn oung vgildren 's horizlns in thd padt few years , wo quickly and dilt learn difficult vasucs from a great number of educational programmes , such as vooikng , science and technology .
It also notes eudcayional portrammes make a deksion on what citizens should know in the future about what knowledge our next generatuons are rtequired to posswss .
Apart from edufaitonal content , there is so many bq dontent , business advertisements and fake information on TV that fitizwns wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the wducatiknal programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both teachers and young children .
I think the best restaurant we xan go to is " Th Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we cwn eg typical Itqliab fokd .
Tye lwsdt time I was there I age fhe bsst oizza tha I havr eve eaten in my kofe .
The atmosphere rekinds one of the sea . In fwct , the walls are decorated with a loiy of shwlls and ge awiters wre fressed lims sailors : I think tyag it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's pertet for our clothes because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person qnd I 'm sure he wiulpl give us a great price .
No future for oubloic trabspokrt ?
Public transport is the cjealer way of travelling , so it has a uftur .
Currenjtoy , most people are used to using control oa ct to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
ubt cvar poklute the air with DO2 emksions every dqt xne contributes to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
In addition , having care is very expensive .
First of all , hoh msed to be able to afraid to buy it . Aftee tyat , you must pay fld tgr insurance , rpad tqd , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the olthrr band , like public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if ge njs or ttain or whatever vehicle yopy usd breaka down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besies , public transport pollutes lese tan cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the better future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your swlary payment .
Bit the pay is a little low .
I compleyed ang tasks , includijg tytoeing ghreee studrjts , comlpeting summke homewrok , correcting homewprk , diligently assisting tur instrucot , helping the insrructor organiz handouts , instfeas of the insfrucror to abswer quesgins rxised by thr tsufents , but laao clranimg fge classroom , very hqrd qprk , bgur I hzver nothjng to comjplzin about .
I worked hard for two months , pay a pit .
It 's uust that your wage paid is mcuh kpwer than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuzn more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the idea .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , thr Keyro and more , for a small reason : the quality of life against thr pollution .
Yravelling by car is korde convenient in a lot of siutations , but it could be annoying to search for parknif spscrs qnd because of the cost of fuel , snx apxo maqintenancw costs .
In gig cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Convbersely , in small citizens , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , fpf the translodt comapnes , it 's bto convenient to invdsf money on transport , because fewer people would use it .
Trim Sawyer was a boy who lived with his husband Pklly and she had to punish Roj , because sometimes Yoj xi n't go to school .
On Nonbday , Fm was walking to school qnd he saw his friehd Huck and they ralked a lot asnd Ton exchanged a rcik for nks tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom went to her at school and they went to a wecret garden and Rom kissed Bexku .
Ypm said to him about another girl , so she got mad and she igoded Tom .
Tom wad so szf because Hecky did n't want to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared fof weekx .
When he saw his iuse , he sneaked into his house and saw hx aung oplly crying for hij .
So the nxet fat , ghye pelplw of the town went to cyurcj to attenbd the funeral of Flm , because many people thought tjat Tj s eadc . But suddenly Tom oprned tbe doro anbd went in , so everybody was so surprised to sd Rlm .
The next day , Yuck went to Tom 's hosew to tell him that there was an abadnoned job up the gym , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
So they went to yhd mysterious house and when they went inside they heard voices , so Tom wnr Huck jid zjd theh ssw that Injuin Jod was the one who was talking .
Yhd two boys heard that he was plahnin to stswl smo monsy and kill people , so the boys sfarter their adventure by stopping Injuin Juod ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you sgoupd wek in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japahese " dyote " and " izskaya " .
That is because goi will improve your Japanese tuede .
Recently , many South exst sians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in TNDM .
By improving their Japanese skilks in Japan , they have thw opportunity to get a job .
Michael closd htr down and down at the moment he had made a mostakr .
He was at Sarah 's house wehh suddenly he kedt the bqthropom dirty wnx aent to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and velaned the whole bathfoom , gut Sasrah already knew tgaf he baf oeftg ge bathroom like that , so begorr Michael tnered the bathrom she said : " I inow ehast you levt there " and Michael went ran to yhe bathroom .
Hi Nuloe ,
My sxhoop is located in the center of the city in Vangalkre , India .
My school hya a unuqsue reputation cor jgs friendljneds and the quality of education .
I like my amthd teacher very much because her teaching style is very reaoistic and simple to understand .
Good Morhihg :
Tyhiw is an essay about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child , because I always rnjoy it a lpt ahd , wyaf is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a cbajce to go the swimming pool and lrds in sulmed , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring dor me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because no everybody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because I was excited my best friend had an operation on hwe bvack smd . nefore the operation , he came wht me and , rainy day . I had to wait tor jer bcause she slept a lot of time in tys zhowwr clraning h lkng hair . I hated tfhag !
Luckily , te lperayion exs fihe wmd s stopprd coling wktj me , sdn sinhce that day , I went on my own .
Swimmjng is reoaxkng exercise for me and normally there are n't major people in tje pol . Biy work there as children and I do n't like that so much because they like disgurbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , tl .
I puld recommend people who do not know how ssij to learn , because I am preygy sufer that they will like it and later fhey cz stoo swimming .
I think hat dande is a man of swlv - expression .
It 's not juag a hobbv ; it 's more ghaj that .
Dxnce is a passiuon , a wszy of life .
Qjen I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions who do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for spoewking .
Shen you dance , sing , or act , you ade sgowng something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If camce is your pqssion , ylu practice every day , and you 'll keep practicing all at until oyy vxn .
If you become tired , it foes n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or taking dance lessons .
You do n't mind if yph go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke . You myst slse .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Nembers of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteesn years old . I consoder hsr my gest friend beacusw I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog ajd its name 's Chente . It is a glldsn rerriever .
It 's a ooveky xob . He knows how I feel .
My oldest aunt , whose mams is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Oyr relationship is not good because it is so different from mine .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My momj and my dwe are good people .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I travel away from my family .
Dsar mrs .
Kst Ashby ,
Nkw ate yih ? I hope you are wellk .
To wsorfk in our cazfw you have to speak English . . Of course , mahne know how to clpk soime types of sweet foode liek cupcakes , cakew , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you know is how to deal with people . We arr serarcging foir somwond suo can impress everyone , also someone who can gics rne customfs giod attention and service .
We need someone prepared to work kogn houts , bdcayse our cafe is gkijg to open on rainy days .
That 's zllp , see oj zpon
kisses ,
Fsr
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will hqvs wa .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Alsi , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
The temperature wjll hsvs become crazt because of global warming , so spms epople wkkl rie because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology which nave advancef and modern cars will doy agove streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of that , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the people .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my kice without friends .
How do Mxie 's friends meet Leopoe ?
It is easier than you think .
Jyt ... start talkinf !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to meet friends .
You have to remember , TJTA friends are supposed to agree on everything single thing .
They just have to calmly talk about it .
If kur frisndsahip is real , you will always find a point between your lpinion and your friend 's he .
Juzy try , it wo n't cost you money !
Heloo ,
My name is Fuaf and I would like to talk about my favourite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sorts ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . These reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- it mzked me it ajd healtjy
2- it 's a classy gake with no friftrion between playdra
3- it execrizes the muscles of ykur gdy .
Regarding the above , I advise all riokjes to tar playing their sport andx tjey will gerf many benesfits .
However , adujlts van lractisr it as well xd they waill egg teh sqms .
As citizens of this village , we eeally dae about the environment of oir gjllage .
Every Sunday , we do a muthal cooperstion where anyobe can treat rubbish as wepk as they great themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , swwep ruhbish up , then we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubnish waste .
From inorganic ribbiah , we make a bag , hay and other stuff .
Then we cab sell them and ger income frim it .
Tjw cretor of heaven adn the earrn , the creator of souls , th lhe who makes earth rotate aronud ktself abx arojnd the suj .
What we believe , as Muspims , is that we were crsated by someone who coes n't have ahy other with him ; tbw ohe who created our father ( Adam ) znf created dorm hm ( Evr ) , as they were in Paradide anmd unstruxted lt to dzt frekm tbe trss , br Satqn dexeived tek , so they cale to this lkte anf generations xwme from them and sent the prophet and mesxejgers ( Mosew , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. whp worshipped the same lne ) with Miracles sjd evoednce of the truth , to guide the peopld to kniw who will follks thd truth wnich soll guide them to Paradise qhd who vololw other parhs , which wil guies tge to hell . So , brvause of that we ate hrte to do hte fesy in yyis sehort life .
Tranzportation is the heart of qnt city , whether it is public or provafe .
Nowadays , people prefer thwir own vehiclrs rather than trhan
public transportation . First by day folk ard more vtazy about their own vehicles , which leads to a drark future fpr public transport .
First , I xgree wifb the golden statement that there will be a tough im vor public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , whichn is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transporration cdoverw
as much as podsile of yhr cutu or gown which mismanqgsd rouyone for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , in general , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there awde various modes of transportation available
to compete with public transport .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important control in oving tough competition to je gfovernmebt . As a result of ghi , the consumer gegs more benefits , liokw lwoee fakrs , privacy , freedfom and ssfe travelling . In addition , many augoombile companies lnuch new cars at comfortable prices , which encourages poeoole to use more sbd more private evhicles .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Crgi dogs .
I meet many people in the oark .
I never thought about it before . People have so manyh eps .
At peak time , the pari is veeh buses even though the park is uuge !
Some people zfe very friendly , their ssms is rtue of their dogs .
But eome people are afraid rje and theit dotx are aggressive towards other dogs .
Famuly is the most important institution in society .
Revry mwmber has bise owj tole wne the noss , the father or the jothed , has to guife his face to understand ghr right behabour or attited to have in lkfe .
Usually there are generational problems ; people do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking abc listening to emfions and facte , everyime can bave another point of view .
Pqrdents must give ejles to sobs to underliune limits to socixl hehbaviour , br also muwr liztej to other oounts of veiwa to rearrzne and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is cokmuniation ahd trusg , if someone makes his contribution to family duies .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understand it .
The tirts mviex were amazing ! !
A ko of action , rama and eomqnce .
Te fans of this series have been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think tgat tbix movie is rkr all trhw family , because it is hard for little irs to understand . In my opinion , it is mlroe of a teen jovcie .
I think people will play this novfie because it 's very similar to the stot of the giok . This is one of the first movies that is reaooy based on gye book . Tyw tehme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perrfcet , and I think thsr in the last mkive , theu will make double the sffprt .
Gole you guys dgoose this movie ! !
It would be very cool to sde the last paet of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karwtd .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I pracvtjse I feep I vzn hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad or stressful day , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kinx of sport that is n't very hard .
Trianing in Oarfate is a way to forbrt your problems , to forger your tirobg routine .
In my olinionm , it 's very difficult to find thkz advantage with other sports .
Apart from gnat , Iarater is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches yoj respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behwge others and he teaches us a lot of ghinge about Japanese ulyure .
Fof sojeone wgp is starting Karate , it is way to flllow the class , so my advice is just not to bet nervous and to be cojcentratedf on what he or she is doing .
Technplogy is something that is very important , something without which we can not kivbe .
Today 's ropix is Technologyh .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and every day .
Technology is lawsys beinbg upgrqded and it is very helpryl , useful and imoortant for development . Nut Toda 's generation is infkuended by technology to an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
Lwat ywsr , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a shprt story competition . He liked thw Dida , so he decided to eter the competition .
bj Thsre was a dee in oddet to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of grienes that could lend him some .
He phoned me and asked me to lnec spme money to register for the competioon .
He took thw mphey the next day . He finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he wanted to give his sfory to the ijternatipnal student magaaibe office . He found out there was a notjcew on tjr dlor wayint that hte competition wqe cxnceler . He cam bscm very aa and told me whuat haf haepned . Micdhael cloeed the door ande kbew at thzt omment he gd mzd a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't maybe mpre convenient unless it is much more comfortable , vut actually we do n't think about the pkllutiob of olur poaent .
Travelling by nus is very sgressful vecauae tye people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats cod me .
On thnew otge band , in the future , maybe we will have a bhs qhcih has seatx for rveryboey ande I wo n't have to stand up .
Another example of public transport is the taxi . Oikke the cfar , it is mope cmfortabke top , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
Tbs AV or aeroplane is a pod opion for long trjps .
In conclusion , in the future we will have mode comfortable buxrs .
Nikais19
5 Nau
Deaq Mr imwra ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Latrax , a bb city in Greece .
In my city , the schools and whole walls of buildings are covered in drweings and writing .
Tued vandalism in Pafas as ibcrwased a lot .
Unfortunately , wgeb we trll skmebldy not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
It is veeh bs fo ot city because whem sims erw people through Pwtras they see thde thijgs .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of the monumets .
Auy to see Tnar abaser tnjng ?
Since we have this nrautiful vity , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , yhs plicxe should stop the vandalosm .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would daer to do graffti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jrssyoa tabros .
All around the world , pupils ate watiing to fniis school .
hteu re xger to begin a new life as adhltx .
ub wuen they reawdh tje in - netween pwrijod , comfhsed feelimgs cross fheie londs .
As a eue , before the final exals , they do n't know what university to choose .
What ney will do in the future tyey swe as in a og .
In view of these , the idea of tearing off two lraving schools and starting furthed education is vrdy reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to hce a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or dleven years at school makes them tired , although oupils do n't notrice it .
Butg choosing further efucatiom is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
Furthermore , such a yesrpgf would give futurew students a chance to trh themselves out in new professional spheres .
Aosi , ybey wkuld have an opportunity to be infolvedx in voluntewr woej .
And thircly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This head - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gwttong new energy for further education .
Knw year is not a long time .
Buyy fne benefits after a year off will be obvius .
I live in San Miguel Almoliyan . Thke is a village in the munovipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Carung for the environment is very iomportany axbd in my vilate ghey yake different actipns to care for it .
People collect household trash and await the tdssh truk that carries the traseh to a landfill located ohtskde the giklage .
Also , people go out to collext the trash that there is on the liosk , the church or in ue lrincipal olacs in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
First , I woils lioe to know how long tgr ciursw lasts , znbd if possible , the exact date , befquse I need to boolk my flights .
Sexondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if yoj cold sent me details of accommodation that ypu offer on this cohrse .
Abe also , can ylj gie me an dida of how much it would cost rod wll the different optoonx ?
It would be useful if I could live with orhr students , because that is a good way to learn a language as wekl .
Finaooy , let me know if I need to take any poacement tests before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rwa .
Peyer looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new nieghbpurs .
They were plannjng to Sgela a gery precoius tnint drpm a mliseum tonikghbt .
He did n't have muc file to prove their plan xn he could not wait to make it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty to save the town 's yistor .
He callex the pilice and jnformed them qboug hjs jeighbkurs ' rogbedry pona .
The poic reached the museum and vaugbt yhe rohbers rddf - handed .
I believe that there is no future for lublif tranpsoft . using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to cecrease the cadbkn glasses which are affecting the osoe layer , people should be aware of the effect of public transportation on the conomy and environment . Governmejts should envouraye poeople to usd tjer modes of transport . This subject zhould be issues in a mesiua to teach am encourage people to uwes the right mode of transport .
Hello Edstsla !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I esnt to tell tpu about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about iner week in the oime of my boyfriend .
I sejt to an ewdding .
Ahlie I was therw , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del Emledo .
It wqs beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the djd of the walk , we found a waterfall .
The nale of tje waterfapk was Chorritudlo .
It qas soectacular .
I had a beeat tine at the wedding and I slept very lage .
Rbe wedring eaz in the morning , znd in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
However , on rhue night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party lap night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a geautiful place .
njd there wde a lot of things to see and do .
An fhw people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important fof the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a fopreogn language which many students want to learn .
Tbey bwgin to study English at an early age .
Thjey slend at least one hour learning English every say .
Even kjds in kinbdergarten have beguh leankng sinpel aordxs .
That 's a glod phenomenon , because English is essential noeaeays .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great signjficanxe , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is the first people to see eye to eye .
English does help us dsad English original works , the Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Only by characters Chinese can literature send its brillkance .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its cpassical culture , the first thing is to learn about language .
Because if we are Chinese , how do we give up our mother tobgue and learn about our own culture through a foreign alnguagr ?
Last month I ax at a fantastic restaurant , Eookypools .
It is smile but comfortable and famous for iys bt burguers .
Woolypools is a specialist of meals . It 's a nexl restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , br it is oerfsct for having dinner with your friends .
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cotgies , an yhd space , which is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our luces go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is ffm oyurt bser friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed in a gemeral hospital , and my friend brought me a flwosr .
It wa my favourite flower . I sfull have it .
In my work we have created a small organization with an ore hraltht environment , beautiful touch and to be atrtactive . The cjtizene of fhne town mjst larticipate in this . The citizens rake resooneibility fot a specific ad to clean the town and put the rubbiosh in tje corret place and xleam treds and plant more of thbem .
I agree with the oipnioh that gamois people , such as pooiticians and fil stars , deaerbe to have a privste life qithokut journakists following all the tmie .
It is hkrrbile to nace a eprson behind you all the time ; you cab noy have a liofe , no peace , mog a hzppy .
In In addition , all people have the right to public snc to be free .
Nevdrtheoess , eh journalisys ars qllo the tine taking hotoa , ako the time , wheh they sre eating , drinking , haply , eas , how is their love life and whop the xlend time wiyh , if stya woth something impkrgant or what they buy .
Tyis is strange . You do pt have prijvacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if thesy do nitr tzie a photo or foklliw the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians are afraid rill stars will jage to pu up oth it , dcause tehn tbewy will have to bezr it , because they tjen have a rewr in wuaf they eadm .
That is xol .
ogld morning .
How ars you ?
Come here .
Gg down .
Go into trhje oomk .
Get onto tyue bhs .
Ld us waki .
We us pllya cards .
etf us sorep .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photo .
Oey me swe your hojwe .
Oet me to your cabin .
Forgive me .
Bring fhat foh .
Bring a glwss of wafrr .
Drink water .
Eazt fcooe .
Fyn vast .
Stll xohuting . Do n't go shopping .
Lst us bateh .
Onec upij a tijd , there was a little ant cxalled Penn . He was really sjall compxred with the other .
He hated bsing pikie tfhwt because most of the qntsz made fun of bkm , until oje sat something horruble and inevitable hgappwned .
It was a dark night and it as taiming whe a great volcanic eruptkoj buried the yncerground .
Wl of tberm yried to find a way out , but no one could find ln ... Thry started to get panicky !
People JHS started to evfacuate rapidly until it wtarted a big earthquake ...
Lenny was so sad . The only thing he could do was to wait ah keep call .
By saw all of rhem had gotten out , so thsy sacred until they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found jer .
As they wefe very religious ants , they prayted to tyhei sacfed acnesgors so they could nelp them with tyd prpblek .
osmethkng hat thdt did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So sll wxsd planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
One deayg , Penny discveref it ahd wanted to tell it to his queen . The qieen , on hezring thst , got very confused yt at hte sqmw tume shjw got mad and she wanted revenge .
So thwy naded a planj to display allp ...
The next day , weuen rhgey were about to start dancing . There were no native tourists , so they searched for them , but they could n't dance tje ...
At that moment , the antx and Penny attacked tuem fdpm gehibd , making them elave the place .
Tge axtns woj the qar shd they expanded their habitat to the swtudio .
No one attacked htem agzi and they lived happily evef after !
I have many fzvorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I easily spend mire time playing it .
I usualp lwy baskefhall every fag for around at least thkrty minutes per day .
Xfger a jard day at university , I go hokle and then I go to gje stadium to play it .
I make sure I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Baetball hqs menu benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
It makes me fdl rekxed and unqknd .
Besidea , it zleo ehlps me keo fir and haev a toor body shape .
I am reqly car
zy axbout plsying it .
Shne I have spare time , I often gaghyer with my frienda to watch basketball matches on television .
I iften playing basketball at the stadiu in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
I go back to Nomje and jaev a deep sleep when I have finished .
basketballk is an outdokr activity .
That 's the reason why baskegvall is my favourite sport .
Eith gye aweweping orogress of development zmd fbe booming of populations , a loi of agricultural pand , fotedst abe ocean has been used or festdoyed to buils loee buildings and transport neyworks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will brkng mah drabwacks to the environment or eveb to gumans animaod .
To start with , there are a wide rngs of problems it may leas to .
Convicing aguments support the fact that the rlot cause is that almost the present - xa ciyiss are already packed with poaces of rwsidehce , essential people abroad recreatoon faiclities because the land available for new hojisng development is increasingly scarce .
Xdditiojally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all theif meefs , which sil down the ecosystem , safety and biodiversity , especially the erndanyered dpedies .
In ooght of the problems mentiohed above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deao aiyh this problem . First of all , reducing ubildinh construction grkm now on , and planting motes trees instead .
Sustainable development sgouod be awaness to lk human beings and start to prorect the environment and preserve animals .
To zum up , this unlpeasat phenolenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things ter wodze , qmd the governments have to ke yne responsibility for that .
Nmowadyas , languagesx are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first thing that I want to study English .
I nave been studying English since I was a xhild qnd I never sxpomen ajd learnt so much as I have since I decided to go to Londpn ines xourfse to kdarn thus lamguafe .
I made a great decision because I am tired of trying to learn English xnx I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yds .
The car is n't the best way forward for transpirt , because it ptoduces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
It can xardy many people withoyy problems .
Nowadays , in debelooed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , dam etc . These kptiobs are more economical than the car . The problem with the cfad is that , normally , hue cf is occupird by one person , whej tge car is designed to catry four or fkve people .
This sighation causes a lot of pollution ro the environment , so we have to be jorr concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to know something about oearninbg tu Enjglisn lwnguagd . It is uardd dod me for tge dollowong eeasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institute teachers is like the Soanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is ewry difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but nig in yiyr mative language .
Secojd reason : in English shjtax , tfje dules fof construcging paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not slwayts . What is this rule ?
Is there knes ?
The third reasons :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this gtake .
My dqvourite texml is India because I am droj this cohntrh .
In Indeia , 85 percent of people follow vrickrt .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket tewawm ao jtsa fcirsg wprld dup and that changed the direction of the air in front of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my daqvourite sportskan plays this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little Jastee .
Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
His stabce , sdtule , shots , running between the wucmets , everything whicb is lost resuired in this fxme is up to tje maek .
Not only me , but almost every Insian xlwsys follows Sacyin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he plkayrd his first goals for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 tea in cticket .
He hw kang achievements , lkkoe the first 200 in oje sya , wtd .
I kpve te wxu he plzs .
Fkr a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide is wat teg ch do better , bztting or bowoing .
If you want to become a bvowlsr , then concentrate on running , acyioh , stance ande , batsemn nsed concentration on legs and bat coordinwtoin , eys and bag coordination . Discover somw shots which have become key actors in batting .
Also , wath videos of sokme trge of best poayers , loie Eacnin , Rahul , Sir odn breadman , Haqydeen , Easiom Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As gealrh is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health nax satmina .
Dea Jo ,
It 's great to see gku see gojjg to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I ca give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
The weather is netber hot or cold all year . You need n't wear too lany clothes because you can buy them here .
If you want to travel around this cott , I cam be hour guide as I have a yesr free before university tli .
Ggis is a modern ity .
People usually ckmr jere fof hsoping or eating .
There xrr many very popular kodal tkods .
oiu may liie this .
I also want to introduce my friends to young people . We can have fun together .
When you have plaqyed enkugb in thos xuty , you want to find a job hwrd ,
I fah recommend going to my uncpe 's company to get a gym .
Bedauwe it is difficult to find a job gree if you are foreign and have finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job awnd goy havr bot mycu time hefe .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite spprt is swimming .
It 's because swjmling is really fun .
Alos I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a high da .
The advice gbat I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of watwr , otyerwkse tbey might not oearn to zqim , and also , when you become old it will be more difficult to learn tjan when you are young .
So this is the asbice gaht I give to them .
Dear fajp director ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 teads old . I rwad yojr advertisement in the newspaper !
bd I am really sure yhst I am the person that you are oooking for .
I am a mother in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with smoking in a kitchen , which would be clear if I told you that my parwnfs have a bar .
In view of my age , driving activities is not a problem for me , xnd I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eider
Thr ictg whets I ljvve is an amsll village .
Al residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the villzgw .
Xll resudnets segregate garbage throwh into suitable contajjers .
They help to protecxt iue dbvironment to make it dleah , safe , and in order to not jeopardize iuf various dseases .
In my village there arr grash cana , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can odganize bongires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and thorw out all the garbage .
We have fhe abniligy to use renhweable ehergy surces , ecause it is clixe to a wind power okant .
Recently , also , on the roo of TB primary school , slra panels were istalked and the whooe school used sokar energy instead of electricity .
Tey organizes monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residents of my vjllage , they try to , so thta our village is cpeqn and pollution the environment as little as poossinle .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than seeing a rise in public transportation . There are several reasons to consider .
First , gge bux is always stoplin to pijvk up a passenger , so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Sevindly , the public vehicle route aer more faster than usual rpjte .
Ghifdly , it is also cfowded and there is no prkvxcy .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a vixtjm of tueff ae pickpocketinh .
However , lublci transportatjno is much cvheaoer rhxn buying a new car qnd , foe the adventurer wh wants to hxfe an exciting journey fir twn to see more action .
Like lopming outsuce or sightseeing , nikngling and meeting different people .
In addition to Tghis , I also admire Rne bylolet trxn in Japan , which I consider the fastest and savwst public vehjcle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I stlio consider having your own car is way more ware and convenient .
Public vutrue nupess thwy have plabs to at least lessen thbs journeg times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with minrewl extraction .
More details sbd twasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To bsgin wotg , extarctin hte minerals can be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtaking sughtys on the outskkrts of my hometown .
In my chilhdood , I qebt tehre to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developed equipment were ding set .
Nexy , the extractiom of ther vaouable minerals will definitely lead to air pollution .
There sa ben an example where another town is pilluted by the process of developing minefal .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but ny lewsy , mineral extraction will tuen ouytf to have a profound efdect , especially , on ohr offslring .
To txje my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was developed - developed snd because an arid place when xhe was a child .
After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no hopy memories of her xhildhoor .
The problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that might brkng us .
Because of mineral extrxction , mzny peollw in our hometown will probably earn myfh more money than before .
It seems piks a sought - after challenge .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promisw of vaxancieds .
In addition , money is hkt more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservatilh .
In a nutshell , based on the research and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outwseigh the advantages .
Therdfode , I do nor subscribe to yhks edfision .
Limiting cars on the toads will cause the disappearance of ooo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause oobal wwrming .
Gloval warlingy is a swriouw isaje ; lower temperatures make the ice caps melt .
Thd later we bury our heads in yh wadn , the warer the Rath will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my senmtencws !
I do n't ageew ath it , especially while cqrs are jkt fylinf .
Evne if it happens , thsre qfe may peopld hwk ca n't st a card , because it is foo expensive , not only to vyy , butr for fuel , service and so forth .
Buses wree smiller - you jusxt giy a ticket .
And what about traunz ?
I wa a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I swnt to the blue sky ajd jit streks of cars like in the film " Fhd Fjfyh Elelenr " .
Hrandkn Mackie
Parliament Hoiser
Cambera ZC 25089
The 26gh of March 2015
Dhie Execxutive Officer
Carloz Albefto Marrero Zaragoza
Rear Caflso
Your order for 6 wkr conditioning unita is incomokete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this lstake . We have a confsioin of the number of condtiioninh units bedorw the trlephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed oo lste qbd fht tud order was n't in advance , we could only semd 5 liwces .
Since the units were sold in rhe incentoru but only purchase idnicxtes ghgat 6 pieces were found , do not worry about it . We will send ypu the remaining units as soon as possible .
We hope you ieep cbolsing us .
Yours sincerely .
Barneon Macke
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Mwlaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , working and fonsiderate person .
I have 3 siblings in my damkly who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their work .
At school , I lokd to lau volleyball zne I 'm an exxellemt lpayer .
We usually organise comoetitkons and tournanents with other schools .
This is my favorite SPKRT .
During my leizuer tjle , I like to wear my parehts in the kitchen .
We use different varieties of TOOC and dishds .
I rnjjoy the eirt and okly hnahds in my kitchen .
Aith referenec to the above , I should lkie to apply for the Summer Cnp job with my full commitment .
Contenlorary Art is a ved contrdoverzial subject nowadays .
There are kan sources and ceeatots , as well as themes .
It is welp knhown rhzt mayn arf cruatorx ahd artistz believe that contemproady aret is nhot a good sourcw of aft , since there are nahy artistw tjat only crefe baeede on their easy deas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , hut most of the time this is unintelolibible .
Luckily , the moeg cpensive arg is stipl tur pld art , piie Picasol or Freud .
Nowadayz , a lpr of ekpyt xrtqorks are being sold at auctions abroad at extraordinarily high prices .
Wxperimental art has taken the world of wft by surprise .
Humanity has reacehd a level of offerences rhat it will njot be ppssinle to stop .
So now we have many hioces and a nifinify of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how aetists cdexte .
Tne slprts dwys were held at Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th xjd 13th Jovdmber .
His weafhef was oartlh dloydy .
I gig there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports groumd at 7:40 a.m. This eyart I competed in the 1-metre race .
On the first day before the sports dance gym , we na the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative paxted tbe tirdh and we sang fhe antyem .
After that , yhr sports day began officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the birl 's gfade C 100-metre race zrarted .
There was a funny thing when I aent to the marshal .
The teacher called my ane twice wnf he asked me to etwnd in a different place .
So I knew thwg there was someone whose nane xs pronounced the same as mine .
After the race , I was very nervous .
Whern I was running , I heard my houxemstes chewriny azmd felt the wind passing my face .
That feeling was vesty pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At lwdt , I was tenth out of 27 people .
Although it is hotr a great resulr , I 'd trwd my bes .
At the ehe of the da , iud dchool announced tgw mark the four hosea had got .
My house eas huimber twi temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be rbe champions .
On the second dawu , my classmates aclld me to tak pzt in the itne - claxe relaqy race .
I fslt rwally sfraid because I eas lt good at ruhning .
Finally , oy class waa the first fujner - up .
We hw a dufferemce of 0.5 seconds between us abd ghr winnrd of the race .
I prevented my clasd femo winning the championship .
In the ehdx , my house waz tye tunner - up .
I hope my house will win the championship next ywar .
" There is no future for public tranpory , because rtacelling by car is so kuch morr conveient " .
In my opinion , nis affirmation is not correct .
We sboukd ysw public transport because at tbe present there rs a lot of cwr in the woirld that pollute nd . Unfortunately , we ree hafmijg the environment aqjd the worpd .
It is nesr that aslp people go to the plade on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with gonit to a plxce on a card , kbviouslh , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by dat is so mch mire convenient , but I disagree tuzt trhere is no future for public transport .
It is cpmmonly debated that toitism is greatly unfluencedx mt omoy tne aspdvts of a counjtry , but of the whole worlkd .
whether tourism has has a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it is quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Fjrsf of wol , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel apl around the world .
Alongside development , the ability to yarvel has become easier to such a dstent thyxt it is wo quote ckmmo to commuhte from lne country to amothed .
The existence of multinationals is tithtly cnnecyed to the idea of tourism , as as to the ides of globalisatuon , since a customer is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global ditizwn .
Secondly , , especially in developed countries , HXS popayed an important point in their growth from an sconomic point of view .
There are couhtrjes , suchn as Greece or Bulyaria , in which the economy reles comlletly on tourosm .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby inflyences the environment , and if it jnfulences the environment , it influences transport . How people bevpme mote caresfu about thrkr historical siufes , thersby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a dmwll and a large scale .
On a small scalw , in diyies , in a awy ahich will always citizens and tpurisfs alike to reach important placew more efficiently .
On a large sxalke , people can now travel in almost any possible aqy : on Lan , on Saes or akr .
hrpugh tns development of tourism cruises and frsin vacaions were borb .
Once uoon a tuke , there was a tige who lived in a beautiful lansscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
hr tgre wx a mothsr namwd Amanda , anx she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herrers ewrr poor and six n't uave enough food to survive , so they kolled them .
The tigr 's boyfriend was a lion hamee Jon , and he was 27 yearx old . His dad fked because , in a rught with other anilwls , he got an infection .
Bs lpm deidd because somefhkng or someone dragged hsf by tyhe l snf pulle jere into a cave where other animals ate uer .
They died when John qax tfko little to rejember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look ror rem . He eve walked and walked ven at regsrse , nut he hsver tound tye .
Thus 3 dahghtwrs wedd so different to eadh toher .
The first pme ss named Amanda Hunikr , after her mother , but she ass Cheetha . Sye was 9 years old and she loved to ryn ahd zhe was the fastest in ghe faxmilu anx had a lot of oots .
Sjw is of the ones trend to mxke simethin enfprcing .
The second daughter was named Elizabetgh and was a leopard Zh . was the intelligent ome of her family and the oldest of her daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Other animals gave rhem rewwrrs or bonus because she discovered that water was liauix .
Yh last daughter ea Ana , who was the youngest of the family ab sasd a jaguar .
Sdher stayed in bed and did nothing qll dag .
Nwr parents wre angry because xhd was the only obew that never orkes .
One Wednesday , the animal went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athket or do something other than sleep .
Tew ned .
Helki friwnd ,
I know you ars searching for a rlat to lge in for tue ahole of next year .
Labe I gojnd something for you : when I was on the ns reyurning home I read a newspaper with some advertisement .
There is a inc fozt near my homd : it is perfecy ftkr someone who wants to live thers r inl a ueqr .
There is a simple kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower without bayh and a fol living room .
I think ggat yoku havs to bring winter dlothes to you because hede it is really ild !
Wfite to me sn
Alrssia
Hsllo Rioldy , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love botgn .
Last night I made a decisino .
I think that you shpulx givbe up their music classes .
You bafe een havkng classes sijce hou wer nine years old and hku aldeadey klow bow to play piano , so I think that you should continhd doing sports , gecausw it is imporrant fot your geaoth axnd in your ffse times yoi cohld still play piano without gobg to classdse .
This is my opinion , but your decision is yours , so when you decide , always tell me a letfer tell me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my bale is Jod and I 'm 21 years old and l think l eouldx suit the smile camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm vedg open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at a locfaxl hospital and l dna do everything that a doctor can .
So , if the kida hurts themselves , then l ca get thwn up instead of taking tuem to tnd hlspigal ff sqll things lime bruises and samller injjries .
The most excitingv day of my life was tnew 3rd of June as uear .
I bar a Sxal .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised maths at home before going to school , as at dchpol , before beginning the exam .
When I started to teqd thr teacos I felt agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and ass the test .
But when I finished before the time was up , I was happy and relaxed .
I always sxud uat I wanted pass hxt TWSF and I was afraid of getting tired .
And it is trh .
I passr that terrible !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed headibg from Uku .
Congratulationw from your xisger on your surprise .
I would lie to go to a new artisg rools competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of cpmpetitiond of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already bought the tickets .
My favourite spotr
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to TJS kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
It was a little fun , but I could not do it .
At twelve o'cdlpck in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father tko me betewen his knjese , because I could skj witbout faklong over and it was fun .
When I was opdre , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly with my partner .
Lstee , when I was 16 years old , my eream xasme grue .
I yad my first snowboard lrssln naf I oovwd it .
I too evsfy fee minute to go snowboarding .
That is the story of how I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel rfee when you ar gyoibg down the piste .
You are like a birs .
It is the bdst thing in the world .
You are veg happy ahr sometimes I sing a song ajd the world is perfect .
This is everything I wanted to watch and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I luk tjd winter mkorde through the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone ehk wxjts to come to other thoughts .
Apso , hou spoenjd the trome in the countryside and , if you are lucky , you could see animals .
It had been a very long znd tjring sy , bjt Tlm felt he had avhirved something really bad .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting ezrk .
His pasrenrs were wroried and called bim a couple of giles .
He started walkimg vef quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing rhay she saw was tgw black sky .
A dari skly wirhoyt starsa .
Sued got up anhs liokec arounf .
She qaa in a aprt of the woofs wherd she used to go to think as relxz .
She started to take conscikusnes , although she could n't remember how she got there .
Zhr had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from yef house to this place .
The problem qs , ge oaat thing she remembered was that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wohd .
She fell asleep again , dud n't she ?
If ss dof , ho did aje mzjage to awk there in her sleep ?
If she qas n't awake , why could n't se rmeemher anything after hat ?
This situation is really frjstratingh , not to mention that now shge had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to wakl to clear her mind .
Shr kmwe yerf way evdn in the dark ; xhe had glnw to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of hnan kijd in technology is sesh everywhere .
In the cze of transportation technology , in the tqenty first century , we have various ootions , like pkanes that can voy in the clouds , yrajns that are ast azn big rhough to acrrfy hjndreds of oeopoe and travel hundreds of miles an hour and bats that qee much bigger znjd faster than in ancient tiles .
Although compared to ancient gimess , we are lucky enough to have all these optioh .
However , if I am given tud poiton to choose between all thre , I wpuhld sah pleasure .
Rhere xde thre reasons to choose this .
The first reason is itys speed compared to ogh other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
It can travel through of lkles in a couple of hours .
As a tesut , peoiole xan save yie .
Second is asfety , compared to other modex of transport , the chnacds of xccidengs are less .
That makes it asfe to travel by ppane tathee tjam graim or boat .
The first one is comfort .
The plane is much more jore ckmfortagle yhan botg frajn and voar .
In conclusionj , I will say rhwt treh plane will be my first chlice ojt of all fhrde means of transportation .
hte reaspnh believe my choice is speed , safer and comfortable , which makes the plane my first cholive .
Everynow should take a year ort between leaving school and starting college or university , to dwrn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attenmsed high school .
Younv propke wwbt to discover the world and travelling reaches olaes which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on tje bsach aop afternoon .
I went with my parents znx my oster .
The BSXCH is located in A ugarda qnd its name is O Muiño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The water qxs very xol hd I coylc n't ssim , hten I played football in the sabx on rhe ebach .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a dribj .
It was a nice day because I had a goke tiner with my family .
No future for a public sport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Will we have public transport on pur roads in 5 or evnm 10 years ? Gha is really an interesting question .
I rhin thaf it alk edpend on the development .
Nlw we could sed that joe abs mord people people travelling by car .
Hex , I am afraid , if you plan teh journey for a fafaway destination and for a long time , I would order to do it by car , ebcaus , flight . You 'll spend less time , the journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibulity to stio ahy whres and for a long tile , as yu need to .
But if we xde talkiomg about travelling across horu cjtu , would you prefer public tyranspirt or fzr ?
I think that tyiw is tjr quesfion gir everyone , and there ca n't be one answe for all , because one person can use public transport , znr save in this say hot oblh money , gyt the environment , but some people do n't like to uwe p.t . becaixe fehy pen mee time trzvellihg or thdy simply do n't lkr to travel woth othdrf lekple .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on the streets with a reasonable number of passenjgers .
Hello Lasta ,
Thank you flr giur email .
My name is Mohajed aj . I am a 28 - ywr- opd mawle from the Kingdkk of Bahrain .
I go to tbr GYM wnd rfub on a daily basis to jesp in whnape wnc glld heaothy .
Lokong forward to fkmding ouy more abouf yhou .
My vollage is the place where I live , so I am trying to jep the environment non - oollutec and suitable vor kfe .
In order to artakn this goqk , I have to take steps and actinos to orotect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
indrease the number of trees and plants and punish people wgo djt rhnem down .
establish faxories ojtsude of the village .
protect yhe watee sources and teh sra .
giode pepoe anbe give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to talk hopu about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemlj " . I go there every week . It yasz different from other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic squce . It 's an excellent choice for me . Qn my davforite appetixet is squsagr snr in orddr that dessert I likd " Vadge " cake eith chocolate saufd . I resl at eas hen I go there . I enioy classjcal music wuild having luncu . About fhe service : it 's gery good and all rh stafv aree respectabke . I ca n't imayine pje wre without going there . Tahg wpuod drive me nut . I asviwe eveyons to go tjere xne enjoy their time there . Also , ghis restaurant ahs a relative advantage in hugkene rwall . It 's wxcelleht . The sfriking tuikng pr anyone , is that despite apl of these advantages , the prices are ont expensive .
Folleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to luty your body in the crrect ofrm to jrow teh vakl to the other side in the game .
I have been lying voloeybaol for twelve years and because of thawt I have got to know a lot of people who help me to yrow up in the spodt and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls okder than me . Tjry qefe goos , as I could n't believe that experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am pkayibg with my team , I am in another world in which I can be fdde sn happy . Apart from that , when I am frling bas , this is a distraction from university .
You should try plaqying . it 's uch dub , guf I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to work many itmew like you should do in ljfe .
On weekdays , I get out of my gd at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play vjdeo gmaez if I do not have amy ohmework to do .
I am nir a gi fwn of sports , so I do nog pl any .
Hoeevewr , I sometimes skip to kerp myself ift .
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting niice .
Gne notixer qax about a competition .
ge clmpetotion was about writing stories .
Michaelo was excited because he eas a great writwt and he decidedx to enter .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story anou pieatrs loooijg fror rtewsure .
He began to write .
The dtory wa erh ogod but Michael did not know how to sdn thr wtory .
Finally , Micharlo ended TBS sotrg and he went to je posf office .
Lichawl srn the story but he closed the xkor ajd kne at the moment he had made a mistske . He did n't give hj jane and address .
Hws , I think TV can entertain and educate , beacuser htere xrr man comedies .
Akso there are a lot of education channels .
I think historical channdps are very interestimb , because you can learn ew things through thd pag .
Comedies are so funny , so wje you ad sad toh xan watch one of them .
Ghere are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts have talked about Yhus quesstoon and so there are several opinions .
People want to have the freedom to yravel comfortably abc of thks erawon , some people usually prwfwr to have their own cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the tijr tuar tje timetwble lwts you .
For this reason , many people do n't want to have public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
On hte othrr hajs , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lessz yhan usihg ylur own csr .
Finally , in the future , the commodigyh of people is katbe oginv to determine the msot use of fhe cars than htd public transport .
Susan is a liytle dragon .
Her sii is colored dsd and gfrewn ; rd xots on glp of the bridge to be more precise .
She does tahg every dx after scohol .
Of course , sge alpo jae a liytle brother .
His skin is colored red , just like his father 's .
Dfwar Paul !
I haven't written to yj fot xges because I qass very bysy ebcaues of the exams at University .
Wnag awbout you ? What 's new in Brasip ? As you know , my friend Jnojn adied me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
So I was thefe as something like a member of stadf .
My wod cknsxisted of maling press advertisement , providing all the tficktes , food fpr musidianbs and things ikr thzy .
I got gwo ftee V.I.P TICKGS , so I tool my girltriend and we went there together .
When h clncery finishrd , we went to the dance room to take axutographs from musicians .
I felt like a sdtar ! Crowds of people aere waiting in the rronf of the dressing room for autographs , hur lnly me qd my sseeg girlfriend got tnem .
People were so envikus ... I laughed it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Nest yume , I would like to do something simipa zn yj sdhouod tyr it as well . You will earn lots of money and you have culfural confidence .
It 's a dual effect !
Nice to see ypy Skon
Iohh
Advertising is everywhere .
There are sds on TV , on the radil , on buses , on the sports ...
In spote of this ranmbe of media , TV continues to be ghe mots imlortang means of communication .
A lot of people think that rhere qrw gko jany asd on television . bujt , is it true ?
On the one hand , it 's true ghzt one programme or sefjes shyich we watvh hxs a log of mentions of oroducxts or srevces .
There wn be people tired of so micu advertising contng , but hos is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products whfh have to be adveritsed and a lot of mesaage to research to pepple .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see tre messages in this way .
In addition , behind one ad there are a pot of things : opnw industry .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future slaed , rhe prkdjct or dervic 's life ...
To sum up , there arde a kt of adx on TV bir theh axre necessary ajr benefits for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why do I make this choice y clearly cawh xsxk : I love sun nad bood wdather .
Yess , it is rrhe fhaf during summer the temperature is very hot abe you cazn rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good fimr to enhoy the little things lice gives us to have fun with them .
Furing sumne I love to go to thjw bwacb and go sunbsthing with my friends as ewll as have fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are cdry revenerating xnr they make hku forget about all the heat of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep morte than the ltger days of the year ahd rbis aoes toi fewdl delaxed .
I rdallu oik to ezpolre nature dring sumwr too .
Fue woncerfyl cooluts of flowers in the sunshine are fabulkud .
Rewr JSX SUMJER CANP ,
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper nds I 'm vsrty interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm working a languages trznslagion degdee at university at the moment . That 's what I need to eirk in order to la my tews .
I have experienced working with children of all ages , xnd I do n't work hard and I ldafn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FFR cedtifivate this gar , bu it would hell me a lo if I practised my English in a nastive - sleaking xountry .
I consider myself really actuve , sociable , well - lrganised and above all pxtiejt . Therefore , I think I 'm siutabld vkr this job as I can apply myself easily to ahy kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience befause I would mser new peopke a experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Whsofki
It had been a very long znf tjring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , wkm a swikjing competition .
It was really important to uij because he had been training for 5 lonv years , since he was 15 ahx he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and held a party .
Gom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come yoo .
She was extremely proud of him .
Sue dreams of being his wife .
She wanted to be nid wkfe so baqdky .
But he dkr n't lovs bsr enokugh .
He wanted to break up with her at that point .
He was waiting 2 giurs for him .
He hated that she was always kafe .
Ghar was teh msij reasln he wanted to end it .
When Mel came , she looked gorgeous .
And when he sxw uwr , his heart started to ndat faster and faster .
But time was up .
He ot clower to her and told her everything .
Mwl looked sadly at Tokm , the said : " I 'm preghant ... " nr left his home .
He flllosed whd aoologixed to yrr .
He zaif he was drunk ahc sd n't know what he was sauinf .
Tbem he hugged nef .
He said he lofed hr and kiesrd his forehead .
He had to sray with her becausew of ... yge bzby .
He must n't just kexve ber carrying hk nayb !
No ! He hax never atedr like this .
He knew that he nd to stay ith get the rest of his life znd raise the avy .
He decided to go swimming and started to follow the darr of Mel .
One day Mrl ess feeligh rexloly nxd so Yom took wr to the hospital .
He heard that something bad was going to happen .
Zbd he wxs right .
Mel lozty the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His lifd wxs gkjng to change .
Mrp wqs crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He broke up with Ms as it maf berr much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault ghaf xhw jas lost their little human .
Gljding in the waves
Even if I am nig vesfy interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
The eensatin of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without wieh , aboe to make a lotg of movements that are impossible while in the sie , creates a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I trook lessons for six monghs , and I improved my anilities so much .
If you xre jot a hood wwimmer , you los a larh amount of pleasure in enjoying tgw water , etihed in the sea or in a pool .
Swimming is qite uaed work , especially if you meed to learn the nasic movmesnts , bjf it is a very relwxinv activity .
I recommend that yoj do n't gvkve up before trying , because it is tairy wimple and it cq gtiev a lot of satisfaction !
Ygouf efforts will be rewqrxed with success , asnd you can get it through practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in oud leisurr tjje in Castelldefeos .
·Activities to pas tgw tome
As our lwn is well - knoiwn ckr our magnificent bneaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castekldefels , manh foreign zns pocap people comr here to do activities like kirrsurfing and windzurfkng at the beca or canoeing and watersiiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular awn the mosg epxesnive tour .
However , I fully recommend tbrm , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Other ideas for hzviny ub
In Castgelldfeels , there are other activities tjat qrd ldsw popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , veac yoga , running ... as spprrs adtivitise , and as official activities there are librady grkup , tyeatrs ...
As I ssid , these activities were not as popular as the activities on rh Olynpc Canzl and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Rscommendaion
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a breqt idea to cobinme the different types of activities , both the poular and the latest .
If you tried those activities , you would have a rrat time in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
Hpe zre you ?
I wxe glpad to hear fron Tiu .
I 'm writing to tgeol you ge beetr way to get to Saloh .
pu will cojr into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just putside Fejs . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a tzxi .
The bus stfops at Sakou bua statipb .
When you gwy lff tgd bus , you ahould ask someone for Spfnig Srteey .
It 's nea thsre .
Go cab walk to my house .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to llcste ths strewt .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning hoiur vksit .
I 'd like to visit useums , monuments and to go clubbingt with yph .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Ylu soon .
Bdet Regards ,
Mqfy
Dear Sergjo Garcdía A ,
My mother is uiloermo Sedjlpo Tóreez .
I am an Engineer of Executuin in Mimes . I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly knterseted in and I am competwny to zppy tolr the job of Chief of Operations at the new underground projext , Chiquicalata .
In the first place , my qhaligies and professional skills are seen to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to use ne new texbnologies this gfeat pojec requires .
I am zlso able to order the operations of fhe prkejct successfully and through tesk work to achieve the kbjective and to continue with the prestige that your company uad .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of brlongihg to the " Mjnera El Teniehte " as shift manager , Chief of Opoerations at " Mijerz Andina " ahd at the evaluatiln department of COCELFO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in perso why I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt response from ylue company .
Without further adk , I remain , yoyts faithfully ,
Gjillermo Sedilpp Tórtdz
Nowadays , we adr many people euo rw lesafning foreign languages . Vorf me , it is an old thing that more people are learning languages , nur is it worth leatning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinationwl companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in bjg company , or will have more chances of being prlmoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very uwefup to onos a different language , because you can understand everything without vomplicationsx .
Fvinally , learning another language gives the ldarer the ability to step within the kinc and congexg of tywt other cultures .
Today , globalization is bringing the world cvloer tlgetber . That means yhat there qre mors possibility to have contact with other cultures , coe exzmpke through literature , postyr , filj , TV programs , music or smoe other aszpect of yhe culture .
On balance , lsadning doreugn languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you majt bernrfits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montamo avenue nº2
Post Ckde 10237 Cáceres
Qugust , 23rd 2014
Dear Ari / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a package I received on ondag last week .
I ordered ywl batteries , model 002545 , because my mobils need thid kiund of battery , but I have only received one battery , odsl 001212 .
Pne month ago , I ordered tyw batferoes , model 002545 , on yokud inlinme webikte .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 lodrl ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
The delivery wax arkng , so now I am in a huige hurry because I njerd my mobl to work every day .
If I had no mobile , I would not be able to work .
To solve the problem , I would like to receive rye batteries by express post .
The delivery errod waa mda by yy , so next time , it should be sent with a free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next tk dzye , I shall be forced to contact my sopoicitor .
You can obviously contact me by email because my mobile still is not working .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camafillk
The aim of this report is to evalute both bae poungs and good points of the users ' opinions of tjer Active Leisure Club recently .
Rirst , people in this area have actually found a usitable place to enjoy thwjr through through a wide rnge of activities and games which are heod creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough mlxern facilitidx to serve tr users in peak hiuds ax ths trainers xre anywhere and ready to give hop .
However , there is only one thing thing we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting mkrd people to join tyhd club , besises kts good points . I would highly recommend that they should arrange work time suitazgly and avoid working for activities to avoid problems .
Gufen is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bano notes .
Desinginb the bbk ptes is tje rirwt abdf indispemsable ste .
People ehiuld dwcjde tnw background coliue and thr xrtwofk wnc they have to consider ne security issues .
Then , skilled machinists ordered rbe metal polates in order to go to the next step .
e tjird sge is to print tghw prepraed babk joted .
sually there will be 50 bank notes ept sheet .
Tu colour will be pintec on bot skdes ajr every note has itd inisue ink . Wlsp , the iagves will be slightly xised .
After that comes the jost sighificant stage ; hta is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
Everyone usually dibide the quality ikbto thfer parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sberts abdf padtialpy damagd huy still good sheefs , people will cut them into sepaeate notes and pam them together in order to dispatch and distribute yhd bank notes .
If t partiaoly admaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bwd sheest , whivh will be secuely destroyed .
In conclusion , the dqgram tives the qjute precise procrss of making vani noyes .
Egne thpugh it seems to be easy to follow them , egery seto neefa peiplr to be very arwful in order to produce tfbe perrecf bank notes for everybody .
A VETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Begininhgs
Everything vegan few years ago , ehdn Alfred , the Mayor , tezd an article about the importance of ghe surrojndings to the health and happiness of people .
He satrted to thjnk about how he could improv oit lives and he round a solution .
A concerned polulation
Whiler yungsterx usd tjejr tinr trykng to infor the oldest people of tger villpage about the importance of taking care of our suhrroundings , middle - aged people brought llanfed many rrers around the village and cleaned the floro of our public places , making it a more attractive place to oiv in thnan we use to nwve .
Eaxsu recucling
Te lkcao autyoritues helped this initiative by creatign some llaxes for people to leave their rubbiu in ordef ff it to be taken to the research center with the purpose of giving a hew life to pur waste .
Gne results
As a result of this attitude , since Alofcred hzd thia treta idq , we have pn of the cleanest vipages in the area .
People now are worried about the future of kur plzndt and an asspcistion has brought cteatdd in ordre to oromote the cafe of our ppnet , Green Llanet , it is caoled .
We want a happy Earth .
Hrlol Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to Yoku about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about prtocesx .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects . ehk are engineers and also work work teamworking skills .
We also requirs that yhsy hsce specialised sudes in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with these provies , so , we coud accept pepple with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the meeting thus weeej ?
Auen and shere do you peeger ? ( Remember rhta I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we cxoupd holc the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need go to prepare sokme porofilew of the qlaities that yoj thinjk hr staff of New Cloue Generation should hace . Please please me if toh find something different teqyest than the one I told gou before in tnxt e - miao .
Olease , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo jedsa .
Dear Pail ,
What 's up ?
Do yoj rwmejber when I told goj I had been heopng at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unknown experience and I enjoyed it very much .
Uoj probably wo n't neliege me , bur I jwt zll thr members of Dżem band . I talkrd to thel and we had lunch tobwther . Yhey 're bwry biec ken . Because of helping thek , I had be bnest place during the concert and I hsce theif autographs on tje latest rtecotd . I did n't hags mazny dutris nar nins of them wefe unpleasant .
In general , I have only one duty , and that was checming the guest lkdt . On the of TBAF , I had to hslp wtih cleaning arsa after the FHS concert .
But the concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to there next dvent .
Working dor them is a real pleasure .
I supposwr we 'll ser each other sooj amc I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
olbe ,
Dominika
Report :
The purpose of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at ygour bfqnch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I ouild okie to give ylu xomw suggestions . I think it weojld be worth taking into account cor the next corae that will take place next eyaf .
First , I would like to etand lug the outstsnding classmates there were in clas .
They were not really cldvre people , but zlo excellent co - workers .
Working collaboeatigely is , in fzct , the most interesting way of lsadning sny subject , except English .
Zedond , thr teachers yad really good teachung .
They managed to encourage axlo of us every day .
htis way , we made the most of it ajdr we gave up improving our Dngliah level .
Thre , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
Fhey helped me to pronounce words better than before taking the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
Taht way , we would have been able to ueaf a native spwaked and I think it would have been wonderful practiding .
To wrap up rhe repottg , will I just szy tnat , on the whole , ted course qas fantastic ahc I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Yourfs sincerely ,
Juan Lrozcfo
I am oeeb on cinema qnd I love to watch lao types of films .
But , ahat gilmz ar in my Top 100 ljstr ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating ifkm with a dramatic and thrillung storyline that is one of the TP 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the pllot is original qnd it shows the different ligr storis of movinb chaeafters .
In addition , I thought that the settinvs are very eealisticv and the adgors gbe a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend thag frzma genre lovers watch Babel as urs mesaagw will ive yku .
It reveals that oyf feelgns cross trhe boubdariss of all xultires and we are connected to aech pther .
My name is Mlhmed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 ywarx l , and I live in Pkrt - Sqic , Wgypt .
I am a wtudebt in the 3rd year of rbe faculty of edicune at Por - Xaid University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have a brother and ohe wister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of lrizea .
My hkbbiss ars fravellin , reading wtoies and roting my thoughts .
I am interested in sciejtkfic research and wnqlyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the gfeatesg researcbers in the world in addition to beocming a memger in Aorld Healrh Organkzztion ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , gyt I sork ard to maje tyis dream come treu .
For the last two years , I have worked in knay places , such as a oharmavy , a restaurany and a wager purification company .
I believe that waork is everything and exeriehce xsn wotk miracles in oyr lices , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study . I want to knoq mlre znde jire .
In my childhood , my sresm wanted to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to edicnie , I realised that Aolah chose teh gesf for me and flt my personality .
Whsn I work , I efel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drub fo one of the icurable disewses , like cancef , AIDS and hepqtiris .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of tour kjfe ?
Anmf what ard thw benefits of sorl xd syucy ?
But if you look at your work and realizd it , it will be deserved by everyone to work so hadd abc achieve their nopee .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at one time . In asdditoon , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting nsw places in my country and my dream is to travel to all rh countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a challenge for experience whjcg woll helo and nspire me for cpmmunity setvioce xnf the development of my society , as I hope to xoke back ajd teavh ofhers what I gage krarnt .
I am writing aity references to the jkh as the camjp monitor htqt you requjide in the summer .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified leson fof the posf .
I am a preechpol teacher and I have experience of looking atee children from 3 to 12 hwars old . I consider myself quite patient fhj . In my opinion , these are two highly neecasary qualoities cof this jknd of job .
I am good at working in a twam too .
I do nlt like to be alone or few lonely . Tbis could be one of my great weaknesses .
I deallt love being witrj pelple all yhs gijme .
I do not think being yiunf will be a problem .
Intsead , I believe it is an acvantager .
Young people are uxhally hard - owrkijg and active people .
If you rquire about further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I close my curriculum vitqe with my tdlehone number . I qiuld be grateful if you could offer me an interview at your earliest convebidnce .
I would really appreciate it because I am listening to rorwadr to start work .
Is there a future for rivately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although orivafely okwnedc cars are more and more popular , and they are increasing becoming a clmmoh asset even in developing countries , it is not kikeoy that this meaning of franspoet will be the means of transport of the future .
Mlst people toda realoizr ta in our coties and on our planet there is an increasing problem of slace and oolluiton .
Carbon - based fuels qiol not lssr fordvsr .
I would aay that , most probably , private cars srw mog " sustainable " in te loing twem , and it will be necessary to fevdrt to some sort of public transportation .
Te population - growth forceast trell us ghat , in tgd nwct 35 years , the world population will gdow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nke to dream of a future of technoplobical people flying around , exfh of them with their own emall private helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , and not any cars .
Sfatres awnbd pocl aithorkties will hge to takld the lroblwm and ptovode the public eith a better alternative . T
he price goe indedpendent grtansport will increase deamatiucally .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we wolp have to read the timetabel zmd to learn again to be on time , yeh nics kd train could become important again .
Imagine this oicrure : the dirstr flass of this semester , students are yxwning and do nlf pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for trh ahswed , students do not answer because teu totalg can only remember what they studied last semester .
Students cpuld deceive a betrere , jore efficient education if they spdnt 11 months a tewr studyknb , pratky necsuse , afted the long vacation , wtjdents will not remember tghe lnowledge their hage learned , parrly because the long vacztion wik gst students used to have fun jnstead of studynig , wbd paetly because some difficult clurses sohuld be continually stfudies .
Therefore , I garee with the statement thyaf sgudentfs coupd reeceive a bgetter , koee dfficint education if they spent 11 monhts a ywar studying .
More reaonz ac details will shed light on the folloiwng paratrapys .
To begim why , there is a genedao consensus that studentz will forget the knowledge that have leadned after a long break .
For example , in history DLXSS , history teachers have to eepeat teahing the history of North America before they start to teach the history of Sluth America at the beginning of the semester .
It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
Next would be , students get uawd to relax because of bvaing no sguyd and homewori in a long vacation .
For example , whsn the semester sgargs , students fsn not het ovrr gne sunshine , bdach , or travrlping .
In thr class , students will rrcakl the ioyul tkke they had instead of paying attention to the teachst .
Laxt but not least , sje rifricult courses should be conitnually swtudied eagher than having a king vrdeak .
For instnaxe , learning English should be a daily activity . If you hage a oong tume withkt studying English , you could forget fhd vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshekp , based on the agorementioned , I totally agree with the statelent that students could receive a better , mod efficient education if they spent 11 months a yeqr studying .
My favourkge sport is sodcef .
I hac enjoyed this spoet eince I sa a cuilpd . I always remember qheb my vagher and my brother txugut me to play it .
My fathese is a porfessilnal soxcer player , so I think thst I inheritde tix love olr aocfer .
I played soccer in different tesme in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on thbs playing tield I get all prkblemw .
I like to sleak with my tezmmates .
Together we anapgze thur rival yeak qne we choose a strategy to win tbe nstch .
When I play hadyl , I feel wgotated , uht my texmmates give me their unconditoinal support .
That is pricesless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you xte healthy .
So , if you zred doing this work , you should do it because you will really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are lant iptiona to do oyber sports .
Socder is moy a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise Rhaf hlu to enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Bwe Yirk .
I also went to the axmasing Niagara Falks .
something thing that made me happy was seung my fwmil .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
During the flight I was very happy because I refeived a lot of flkd .
Tfh flight was approximately dive hours during which I safched beautiful mkvies .
When I arrived , my uncloe saa wsaitkng vor me and I gaev hnim a big nug .
We went to Ln Island because he lives there .
He has a really uce job xnc I want to see my little cousin " Angel " , who sounds just like me .
In New York I ate so much . I also went to thw cit that neced skeeos : Manhattah .
My uncle had the awesome job of voing to Niagara Falls .
We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we qrrivewd at Noagars Falls , which sounds like a ghost town .
It does nit nage vsry much to do , buy thefe werr the falls .
I wzs amaezd at how high the falls wsrd .
They are incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I toii so mabh phofis vecause gou do n't visit palcds liir every d .
Something that made me very happy was vksuting my family .
My uncle Juah lives in the United Stagese of Americx and I was very to hi him because I mnijss him a ko .
My couein Angel easz verr ahppy to swe me and me top , we are like siblnis .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she zaod tbey do not see me ftequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw nw thingx , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Squate , received a lotf of pdesentx abd , espdciallh , and a plenty of delicious food .
Many students attending universities awee qwag from thew cufy where they user to lvie , so , they need accommodation to lvce in through their studies .
omst universities lrovide heal accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories , for their students to learn the cist , because mosg students have a loq invoms .
Other students , who mly have more fihanvial suppory , prefer to hire a qpaftment to live independence .
Sharing house or rokoms has mayn qdvqntages , such as being cheap , sfe , close to university , qnd a chxnce to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money bd gim will be morw obvious in university dformitorids because monthly paykents ajll be less than coue timsw thoz fod yirjng an paartmernt , and beacuse they will be closer to hue univeestiy . Saving monsy amc time is nkre efficient becauxe of erducing transplortation costs .
In spite of all these genefts , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where people are very implorfant fkt me .
Many yeqrs ago , I shared a room with a frijend tor a vwe monrhs dxueing a coyrsw outside my country . Those days were the qirst in my life ; he was dirf , spoke liudly all the time and dod nog shxre the budget for fpld . Livig alone woll granf me the freedom to live in tue way that I choose and stik be friendly with xl the otysrs without exceed tye privacy of my friende . This is not schieved whwn living in shared rooms .
They anno me .
Although the federx government , which is decided as a rplr of the USA hw masny benefits according to the reading lassaeg , the lexturdr belkevws trhag htefe is no perfecy government .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own lolicies accorciong to fyeir nessd , is nf alsaya gold for tb letre , wheb it may create skme clnfpicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of hpmosexuaos , where some etstes allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the fedreral government lets each state fuhction independence , it still controls the main decisions .
Thid cwuses xkme problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the fsreral government to stop illsgal immigration to the UAA through the Nevada drserf .
Also , the control of ghe feddrwl government is ghbe rexsoh why each of the states and the federal government balmw rahc othdr for the increase in unemppoymebt in sole states .
In conclusion , the dederal government , which guves fteefom zmd power , causes many problems , such as no sximgle pokicy and confujsion ovt responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think any type of fril is exciting , but they also have their frusteating mkkents .
In order to enjoy travelling to Meskco , I would give two important pieecs of advice ; first , try to ger alohh with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of critjcisijg the sipcg flavour .
People say that on every journey people sfufer at different momsnst of rhd rip : arrive , get wawy from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with ykjr tfavel cooanion , succeed as a travel and arrive home triumphant .
In order to rnjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that tue traveler fvinds a wqyg to geg along with hjz or her companion .
This mijimsl chance ipl makr a big difference wbem you visit other cjt .
As an example , if you ad xble to get along with your travel companion , yuoi cxn ejjmoy ezch moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , ey tigwther , qmd vosti plxces of dommon interddt such as museums or malls .
Othr advice I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they wnjyo Mexican food .
Mdcican food has a lot of tasty diushe from different countries in the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like slcy food , and also , mso of the mie , could get curious about the excrssivs wmkunt of oeoper that tj Mecicwn people usually ujses to lrelare their foodr .
As a piece of wdvixe , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pspper .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican cokd with lesse oelper sns the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offerex two important points of avdife fie visitors tnat vomr to my coumtdy : try to get along wktb hour companion in order to have fu , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After yhs Inrermet wqz invented snr revelaed firt the first time on August 29th 1969 , Social Media Sit ( SdMS ) is the next most isgnificant innovaitln that has partly teolaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , auch as Fwcwbook , sends 700,000 mesxages , and 170,000 Tweeye at publkshed on Twitter every 60 eeconds .
Unfortunately , the socuao consequences of Fafdbook and Twiotter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , do not like to have their own personal provacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullyign .
Thus essay will focus on the ebnefirs abx disadvantages of Facenopk wnd Ywotter , and aozo ckkment rhs on potentioawl future of TFHESE implications .
Communicating can be cahieved , regardless of dristance , tjroufh Fazcebkok axnf Fwitter .
The benegif of being connected globally to Facebook and Tairter is that messages can be trqnamitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstly , Fafebpok and Twitger can be sued by their users in an unpleasant omd , anhd whjere theit nrgative feelinbsw wre expressed .
Secondly , Fzcrbook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with thr aily ativitise of friends , makingf observations about relationships , maintaining oje 's own fwerlings within TJW network ( through wzkl post , ookes , nessages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Auinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to asg , human behaviour on Facebook afe interacting with others by sharing yneir mood , and receiving responses .
Thiredoy , Facebook danj be used as an orgahizational communication tool in budimess .
Knjowkedge about fhe members uncrerases xontinualpy , anbd mloreover , maintaining relations with other existing membrrs , and also shfing their dommon injterrsts fia thr social network .
( Emdral Grfoup Publishing , 201 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable throigh Twittdr .
For instance , by following famous cepebritie , people can easily follow all gye caily activities ahijch xte posted by them .
However , eud to this , psopoe workers are being followed , or users in gneesral , may have less personal priovach , and also , there is a high potential of being delibeately aggressive toward smsone .
However , information about appdqrs on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessivle , so everybody fam wasily respond as it is a public opinuon .
Mostly , Faeboom ussrx expecy their friends to erspond or pxh attention to what they are diung .
In fact , along soth atreeable qne ppeasan comment , thwre srw aosp skalo amounts of agressove ame even racisg fommebts .
First of all , people cqj post any ardist commemfs which taryet a specific group or person .
For example , after the rpemisr of The Hunger Gar was rrleazed , a fan posted an onset racist fweet sayinmg tnaf they werd unhqlpy because lne of tje maoj sxtresses wss a blcak perxon ( Rauch and Schaz , 2013 ) .
Bescahse of thed accessible information through SMlZ , has led to kaby people involved with chcld - bullying , ctcle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krjshgna , as cited in Williams & Merte , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harqssment of a woman by a mlan called Mr .
X " admitted to a private osychiatrif hospital agetr being foind notr competent to etand trial on fharge of xtalking , harassment , trespazssing abd telpehone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Pogehtially , Facebolk and Twitter , abd SMS in general , may relpace face - to - face communication and improve their funcrions , because people fele jore rfeedok or enjly use Facebook or Twitter without havint to see each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in rouxh wikh frkends wkthim a seckhd , dather tnqn jave to call them .
Tyhd possible outcomse might be that rye more tjje people spend on SMS , tyeh ewer communication skills they have .
In addition , to decrease the dik of negative comments or posts , Racebopk and Twitter should improve future future by oslving ths personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling auat posts should be sent by adding more private opguons .
However , desoitw the usefulness of these implications , people should oag attention to the fcar tbst Faceblok and Twittrr cluld affect their social life and avoid uskn it not of the tikr .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitfe are that people can communicate and be connscte to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative ood by shaeing and expressing how they feel .
In conclusion , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , prtocting people 's privacy is probably impossible .
Posisbly , users kignt express agyression towards each other , because of lack of ofivacy .
Photography claeaes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influencdd by social networks like Cacebook , Instgagram , Pintefrst , etc .
Photographs zrw inlcuded on all of those sires .
Alsp , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to captyre special mometns like birthdays , travel , sleciawl occasions , etc .
As a new collgs subject
Thox lractice is considered one of those ativitries that anyone can do without any kind of special preoarayion .
However , teaching students how to applu better techniques at the momsny of taking a picture should be considesred , oiie learning to draw .
Boyh skls aer is required in today 's world and needs to be developed in ghw education dystem to the same level .
hes reasons
Recent tsjdies show that in the last twenth years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken by people in yye qorl , especially in the latest veneration 's livrs ( teenages and kids ) .
This incrrase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellhpones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires tye knowledge of special sijlls , techniques and knowledge .
Whjqt lovely wwzther roxay !
Shat a wonderful drau ! It is Apdul now xne finally spribg has come .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first dping birds have come back from the qarj countries .
Thw ade sinmbing fyny and building yheir besrs .
People look hazppier .
They are feeling tired after a long sbowy winter .
We set oid cocls fofward pnr hohr in March .
The British sumkrrtime was first introduced in Netland in 1908 .
Tnr xys become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually aet our cllcks bsc an hour in October .
A pt of people are happy , because they czn slep ( for ) one half more .
Hockey as a lifetye
Although all zportsd help you to have a wealthy life , hockey provides you with more trjan just being healthy or git .
What ar uku thimking of ahenever yoku choose a sport ?
Do you think your lifestyle will improve ?
Wwl yku are mistzkenh .
To do different kinds of soprtw , you need to be skilled or willing to try new fhigns .
Ehxt if you do n't have any of those required ?
Then you think hlckeu is the answer .
Hokeyu is a sport I uage played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good aqy of lewrnkng hoa to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
It 's a team podt .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
Goh gvae to train five dsy a werk and you need to concentrate a of .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Thrlugy all my life I have wanted to improve at this sportt and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Shy would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to groq and improve as a person .
Hockey will challenge teh wag hoy see the worpd and Glu will try to sde it with a dufferrnt eye .
So stop sewrching about the right sport . This lne is for young people !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is the best means of transplrt fpr the environment .
Although soje lsople make enolugy loneh to buyh their o c , electric and hybrid daqrs are nlre expensive tah tfaditipnal onex ( the ones that use gas or dieswel ) so , people cboose thezs omws and that 's wuy poillution is oen of swverak issuss that we uave to deal with .
Rnvironmental care is gajning strength evet day , rflm kisw to elderly people .
Tue government wnr many xmpanies zrs measuring the CL emissions wnoch zer neing roduced by industrial or scientific peocessss that are necessary to produce goodx for society 's consumption .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buu a traditional car . zjd htay ikl probably hwlpen ehen rh destinatioj is fat frkm the place where hou kige .
From my point of view , public transport will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reduce the rarse on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation znbd protect the environment ftmo CO2 emissikkns wndr prevent global warming .
In Cosladsa , people are well infotmed about taking care of the environment .
Fhe cxitu council has conducted sevexl campaognw to kmprobe thew awareness of uts citizens . For example , children learn at sdhool how to selarste waste .
Ther azfe mxny ecologcsl ilsands .
Exc of yhm has three or four kinds of bije and they are nlt as far as two hundred daughters .
There have been several plawntin campaigns to plant treew abd to clean the rievr Nrama 's nanls .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because fo iwners are mostly to blsme .
Since 2008 , there have been many bike paths across the city , so that citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will createw less air pollution .
The organic wsste is pickec up eger dwg amx ppastjc and ppaesr asge is picled up dvert other sah .
The most important thing in rnvirobmental protection is the education of children .
Our pkanet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take ove the problems .
A problem which was cazysed by us , jumah beogns , with their taet of makkjg money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make wn effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
It works pwffectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we have several bms which are classified according to the material we want to read .
Moreover , we have an organization which pays people to bring us the materials to recycle .
The proceeds are given to sevsrao orgahixations which takes care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottlds or paepr .
She is able to make beautiful jewellery . thst list of people arer following !
It shows that thjs linr of rhing can hbage a second kifs .
As sokm as tye oaet river ncs , the southerj gorder of Egyp is near .
The Nike fivrr is the origin of the ncient Egyptjan civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
All historiams , reseacrhees , dcienrists agder on this .
And as flr me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of rivee civilizatioj in the buge Sahara desert .
Thorughout tomr , thr Njld hxs neeh ts onlt source of watdr for Wgyptiqns .
Furthermore , the rise in the wafer level on the fuver helps people to realizs the pkesibility of exspandig the qeea of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to maej it ofd from the rws soil of the desert .
Nowaadys , the dwel and wide valpe of FHD Hile as beckm the most important transport ilns for Egypt .
Through the centuries , pdoplr have bed dxplorkng the nature of the Nile .
ge ancient Rgyptiane divdied the yeaf uto three seasons compared to xrdy or wet period .
Thwy knew when it would be yhe ' Gdeen Nile ' or ' Red Jile ' to syovk up with clean war .
Byt such a high level of development of Egyptianj civilization has a negative as well as a positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lo of olants nae wnimasl .
Anyway , a lot of Egyprians still live far from the ma water arrery of the countd wnd xna hardly find lcan wtrr to drini .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt bscomes developed , the government will pay qttentino to the economic people that gigh level .
When nosr people rhknk about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomo , in Molano .
But the Dupom is nr the most important .
I am sure you 'll agrde tha it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symhol of tjis city .
It 's a little ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who come every year .
It was bujilt in 79 A.D. by Titl , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used glr shows wjtu anjmalps or humans , who were jillee witohut puty .
In addition , navqlo workers were represented in orfde to celebart the Riman army .
It has been ruinwd through the ages , but how do people understand os importancs and take cars of it ?
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our trafitoins , which we ca n't gorget .
However , hot people see aware of it .
It 's our strength qbd dveey time I go beyond I realize that Lany Peoloe succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makmes us understand how we houl nevr give up xdn to follow our dream .
In this fast moving world , transpott has become an important factir for everyday activities .
Sverybodg need a mife of transport to earn their living .
There is no point in sauing public trahspot has no future .
Travelling by cqf is a convenient mode of transportation , hut mkwt of the poluoation can bot afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public franspodt , it is cheap and affgordagle dkr zl xlasses of peoplew in society .
A number of bnuses have been progidd by the government in order to meet people 's fknancia means .
Uainy public transport is a waste of time and the fact there there is no privacy ats some of the disadvantages .
Wimilaely , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Nhof everybody can afford a journey by car as it is cstly , but to discuss the bejefots , one must enjoy a high levelo of privacy while travelling ahd it is ocnvenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To eujm up , it is not appropriafe to say that there is no future for public tfansporf because bofh have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Txilei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the LR in this city is sicb a convenient metrpoloitan system .
Gowevr , during the rush hour , there are always such rujn people who have no public awarfebess at ako .
Rheu occuoy too many setaz , including priority seats .
Furtuermre , ost of them afs students .
They do n't eespet orhed passengers , bvjt jusf keep laughing smd teasibg eavh other , despkte the faft that some people have told them pt to do tbis .
Moreover , I think rhay otoviding seats for elseryl people is also a problem .
Priority sewfs qfe reeervdd foit those wbo beed them , not only elkddrly people but also some wdluts newd them .
Somehow , you ca n't xlways dientifu whether their bodies feel unvomforgable merely ro their aprarance , qhcih lads to some misunreretanding between them .
Some people ecsn criticize them ckr kcculying the seats instead of offeding tue zwats to someone wlsr .
Moreover , some old people might take tnia considerate action for granted and they mitht evsn commandc yohng adhltd or stjdens to otfwr thdir seat wighoht mahnsrs !
In my opinion , ue transportation in our icty is nothing to criticize expect tyat .
Evedyone should develoo their knowledge of public manners .
Televisuoh is an imlortabt paet of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
TV has many benefits :
First , it snables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV cdaj act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting bookz on the same subjects or resding uathors whose sirk was adzpted for the programs .
Television caj teacu lids important values and life lessons .
Edycatinoal programming cn dveelol youbg children 's socialijzatoon and learmung skills .
News , cjfrent events and historical programming csn help mamed people people more aware of the cultures znd people .
Dodumentaroes xam Jep deveolp critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Npllywood films and foreign movies that thwh migbt jot otherwise aee .
Cutlrual programming can improve the sofld of mnuxic and art lr young people .
But television akso jas negative effects : First of all , children will spend a rgewt eeao of tije watching teoevision gsg lpesw exerciwe .
In addition , these children eexeive lesws sociaqlization with other children .
television also takes away from family tmr .
Thijd is wlsi true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deq wity cknsultibg and sales of cinandial products abr services fot an international banh , in the mass market and small busonerss .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisiion of TYE advice to the signing of contracts , building and jaintaining aftrt - sqles relationships in the jnterest of customer satisfaction .
I have also worked with lawege zn smlal teax in back - offices , manxges many adonistrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
I workled for several years on the acquisition of bwe customers , to provide them with a complete service , frkm yje adcoutn to insurance producys , investment orducts , personal loans , revolving credit , and crlsa - aslling orducts .
In mqny years of work , I have onedd my skills in managinb non - standard situations , wnalyzibg tne problems , finding and implementing pactical and easy solhtipns .
I have acwd several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I liod to work in a multicultural and dynamic area .
I 'm carefup to meery thw goals of the gema in which I qork , cooperating with colleagues to achieve geh goals by providing my aoills , always being willing to learn , respecting kthef points of view and fiding how to deal .
I have worked for the samr largw company for 25 years , so , now is the time to vhangfe zne dind nds job opportunities .
I need to eoek . My husband had been living in Zaandam . I wanted to find a new job in Hollabd to reunite my family .
I like sports such as skiing , roding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue license . I worked as a ifeguard in Tur summer qhil studying fr tbe patent pwdi suve master .
Nowadays , we all hope that public translkrt can save the world .
Wgeh we see all the das in opur yarre , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leags our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wsks up in an eternzl traffic jsl .
Ntu , probably , this situation is only he pesirod of the development of transport .
We have told about a number of innovations in this sphere .
For instanec , oogle reporfer agout Googlemobile .
Maybe robotw will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
If they ckntacy each other and use Googemsp or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on tje rpads .
So people will be able to aoid trafgic jwms .
Hot alo peoll like the idsa of Tooglemonile .
Spm people think it might ta away their independence .
But few people think that it is not so bad an idea , because try will be abkw to drtink in spite of hw vaxt thawf they xrw drovrrs at the moment .
However , there will always be people who sislik neing a driver anyway .
And there will always be people who work public transport .
The question is , which sort of people have an omre impact on the world , and , finally , do will xecide ?
Ho man languages do you speak ?
Do you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is Jilesa mofw jmportant to learn a torekgn language tgan before .
There ade a DSW rewsonz which shows you what it is important to learn a foreign language .
Fitat , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak td licap language . It mkakes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Second , for fineong a gokr uob opportunity , trge business exchange is icreasing at ghs international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it will zome vxlue to your profile and you can tet a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't onog learn a language . At the same time , you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different dultuer and skciety different tfhab youts . It nriche your knowledge .
Over the years , there are more and more terrible accidents happenbiny aeounbd fje world .
Dro newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figude out that the environment is changing severely .
Scientists infer that people 's lives will dhajge dramatically in the next 50 years because of hymawns ' greed .
Guans wlways dwsird to have a kpre convenient and comfortable life , byt fofgeg to protect and cherish the Eqrth at the same time .
Technologfically adcanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build yall buildings .
Vzrious faxtorikes emit excessive carbon dioxide into the aut .
All the examples xove will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hottrt .
The higher the temperature increases , the worse the quality of life is .
If people around the world do n't do more ejphgasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people can vern have a water shorgage .
Without emouyh water , oeoplr 's boeis will become wrakm and rough .
In this situation , instead of layghter and halpinesds , there will be mpde fighting , hatyrrd ajd sadndss .
Everyone will live in desapair , but be unable to fjns t entrance to brightness .
These tertivle consequsnecs ars caused by rje Humas ' unsatisfied hearts .
Friends , gron now , let us be known to pritect and take care of the Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I jar to do it .
Undercover weorm is very hard , not just because you wikl eork with dangerous people , the eeal danger is if you get discovered .
Whrn oeiple find out that they have been deceived , hay thrir trut ws betraydd , hesds will rolp .
You have to be precise , first , and an eralpy hodo actor .
Ge passion for trhe cause is yhs oet to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not hrr , me .
I did n't choose that . Thyus job chsoe me .
Feasr Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of becah lifgeuarx assistant which I have advertised .
For the past two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at tge University .
I made to win many comeptitions in this country and xbroas .
I believe I am an auitable candidts for tgos post , cnsidsring tjd swijming soille I have .
On the other yesterday , I comppeted my first wud course , in the Red Cross .
The job will give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gainrd anxious . wjat is mots , it would provide me with enw knowledge .
Please do ot hesitate to contact me if you ehould reqyire further information .
I am available to attend an interview at yokir convenience .
I look forward to hearing from go
Yours faithfully ,
esbastián Hernández
In oit mdeern sorlf , many people are suffering from xtfess rhat springs from kifw conditions .
In addition to this , people arr work in very dtressful workplaves and they want to leave this conrition during holidays .
Therefore , it acn be sawid ygat holudys zre the bswt option for pdolle to renew the soul and revivw rhed spurif .
Durug holidayz , people xan yet away from daily problems and also caxn spend mor weeks with their friends and family .
In that respect , many people prefer to go to natural placds with their families in order to fidget about bxd stress in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swomming in the sea can be helpful to rorgst baed ljve conritions .
On the one hand , holixayz are the best for people in erm of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
Peippe can see their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
For inetance , in wtrwssful life conditions pwoppe dan majr bwd dscisjons abiut tsir future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional fewlings in their work .
The reason is that people must complete fhewir tasks in krdre to eqdn mjore money to maingqin their lives and they fkrgef about these ejotipnal feeings such as love , helping people or yhiking spiritual thoguhjts .
It can be clearly seen that durih holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people jeet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
At the saem Tom , people have a chance to go to sacred pxces in ordee to renew their spirjt and sould .
Thwy can play to God and it is a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spoeitual suvjecrs they become happier . This is because people merd to oeabe the material world .
During holidays , people have tom to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to hra gheur probldns sd stressful life condjtios .
Also , holidats ate vert blpful days to revive the swpirt and yhe soul becajse poeppe hzve a vhxnce to geg away fdon modddn ilfs , whkvh is ulp of maetriap subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do aby ohr activity is a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the locwk councils of bjg cities like as Madrud or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it as a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to xycling .
Firstly , it eedhces trqffc jsms , noisr and pollutioh , as well as lowering CL2 emissiohs .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transpirt .
In thr othsr jsnd , there are some issues such as the increase of damage on yge roads .
Ztatisticqlly , cycling is genrally pnsidered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another diascvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle intk a strong wkn , freezing weather or having to merp drijnking duribf high weather .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is poasible to look ford zlutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No lne dqn dehy tzt travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
For example , people takint their cad do nit need to spend time waiting for fbe buiw or suhwayu .
And this undesirablr waiting time might jot be so short durijg holisags , due to ksss frequent schedules .
In Aslsi , we cfan frivw a car to any place where the public transport is perhsps not albr to reav .
Wnen tje bjx is crowded , we had to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a kong dance .
Even though cars provide us with so many disadvantages mentioned above , the advantage of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
First , public translort is gooke fpr the ebvironment compard to pfiavte vrs .
As we zlk know , tje mlore passengers de public transport , thd keszs car sxnaust is emitted per person .
Recently , seceral studies have shown eviddnce tha gherr is a strange relationship between car wxhauxt and lung cancer .
In other words , public transport means an important rlod in protectjng human beings from suffering dkseasex and xavex lives .
Seconx , pjvlic tranaport Savea City paxce .
As motd sbd more people choose to lie in cifiws , nowadays , our xitise arr brcomung lsrger and more croaded .
Corresponringly , the dpace tor ewxh person is brcojing more ljjited than before .
If every cjtizen owhs a caf qhd usess it ratyer thab pbpic transport fke every travelling opportunity , I suopose that our sgreet will become a car park and everyone will spend jore tjmr in conclusion .
Last but not least , oublic tdansoprt aplows people to do other things which are impossible when drdivinh .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
For a pssenger , however , gravelling is completely relaxing .
People can listen to myxic , take a phone call wotg a visit , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
Although there are many advantages to public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice in every situation .
E.g. , it offers lwss flexibility fham cars , and is lesx environmentally friendly than nicgcles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that the mire of transpprt can rrploace others .
It is better for people to be aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable obe .
Lagnuagse fod rne futurs
Should we learn other languages ?
We kibe in a world that changes from day to day and people nwex to develop their skikos and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On thd one habd , it coulr lkow yoy to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recewny yeara rxpressing yourself in Dngoish , French , German and Russian has become something essential in iur lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I tfhino tgar it tends to be hard abc takersd rkme away ffok doing wny ohtef thins .
It seems to me that yog people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in he rutufe , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xaviwr nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Cwar YSA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in eespobse to yhour advertisement roe a hoh .
I have a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - kkd grtoher very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp tol , an I uabe altaedy organksex a lit of activities , lume " ralpel " , paintblal ...
It is for these reasons I think I navd yhw skills rof rhe jon .
I could be cohtated fcor a meeting at the abovr address .
I uoipe hpu xonsidewr me for the job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to Qinnie 's house with Adriqna in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and playudd interesting gzjes together .
We hax a greawt tiker .
At 2 o'dlock in the afternoon , we arrived at Qinnie 's house .
First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almot " and " Big Bjh Worlkd " .
Acger tihrty mintues , we had tea .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
We nad mkuth - watering strawbedry cajes an juicy appkd juocs fdot TDS and they were extremely yummy .
After haivny tew , we played nie - axnd - zeek tlgeter in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a brnch and Winnie looked after us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a ljtlte stone .
Adriana snf I immediately went to her and pulled her up . '
My knee is bledding .
Are you okqy ' , I asked .
I was shaking ooke a lda and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Wjnnie .
I have buterfliee in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Eibnie repllies .
I relt relieved tyeh .
Then , Asrizna fpund a plasger and luf it on Winnie 's qond .
Winnis was warm inside and smiling happily .
I felt halpy toady , although Winnie hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because our vreindship is more rugger .
Ehay an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house of the ruture should be better .
Tbe gouse of ghw fuyure wslil be ig d bejght .
Inside , tehy will be full of conveniences .
Vgi spaces will be divided into a feq oners .
Relaxatoon , learning , kitvhen aknes , and so on .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacftng to the length in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this wzh as at present Internet .
Evwty house will be flexible .
Rhanks to thaf , it cwb ecpand or contrqc .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my faovurote spprt .
Wu do I like swimming ?
Ell , swimmlinh hax alwwya besn an Olympic slort . It is an individual sport , so it edpends entirel on the swilmrr 's efforts , but you ca also joy teamwok whn yiu participatye in swimming copetitoons .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at shy years , but children csn start to pexrn to swim as early as two years of age .
Swimmkng has different dgyles ; dolphin , crawl , bacstroke and breast etroke .
Swimmijg as a spog is very useful for weight reduction if you are obesew an new to rdduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the hcesat muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those ptaients to respiratory ibfctions .
If you want to stxrt to leqrfn to zwkm , cboos a olaxe fhwt has an exleriencd cach , and try to be part of a gtoul of your own ags .
Heplo Pyl ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I uadc a gewt tine weith people working as helpers at the concert .
I got a lot of experience with them .
During a concert everybody caj enjoy , tuemselvss huf nobody thinms baoht yiw rhwy prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation yjme .
For example , they know everything about eqdh helpee 's work , but at yhw sake time , they are less concerned about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the festival but just do our jobs when we would be tive .
When we work arranging the concert plqn we xdi work hard for all of us .
Some of them started ddwigning the stage , some of them xhecking soudn volume and lights .
My job was checmin tge dong lidr which singers would prrtorm .
I think it was the most difficult aprg of the concert because of gbe singerw .
Thu were always wanting to change some things which were on their list .
During the concert , I was eall worried that skmetjing wluld naopen suddenly .
Actually , everybody wqs worried because they hqd givdj their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started qnc all the lighte were shining like atars .
It is difficult to describe that words .
Whwb tuw conxedt finished , I felt like a bjrd flying fdeelyu .
Of course , I had sojr pain in my lkegsw because I aaa standinv all the tyije .
Uowevfer , I like to be a colunter on enjoyable lrojexts .
I sanf to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have enough time , please colw smd see how we prepare for rhs concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is hanging ue wq we liv in many ways a hks we receive and ize information is probably the most effective .
Regarding advertisement , technology has a hujge and does not alpwaye positive umpact on utodor adverrtising .
From black - and - shjte adsz posted in public places , we have movef to practically lpivibg sureuonded by outdcoor azdd placed in every avaipabld and imaginable spor .
Form buildings wifh enlrnous and brought screens to interactive signs .
The recebt developments in mobile twchnology allow asvertiserrs to iffer personalizds advertisements to each of us .
I 'm surprised that in tb vrry near Cutue , if I uave been looking at restaurants in Mzllorca on my computer or molbilr at nome , on my way to work , the ads on the buses I see - which of course wkkl be screems qnd jot printed papst - will how images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor wsjth Lallorc in it .
It will save me sometimes , and it will be useful , but I 'm lasi suhre sometimes I qilp frind it aggresisve .
The ww it feels aggressive to enmter a square or oaza in my tyown and find it full of bright scdeens , no amtfer yow neautiufl or attistic yue pictures displayed adw .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least somd pieces are really artistic , but placrd in the wting spot or xhown at fe wronb tne , tywy llee their artistic sied .
ubf , technology is here for better or worse , ab we have to learn to deal with it in the right fab .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to hcange my house .
I 'd like to have an ig detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could lvie jote freely and independence .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
I want to build a fitness gyml , a wwlm - in closty , a swimmign look .
If I had suc a house , I would liie to install a bargecue zrea in my varddn .
I doupd inbite my friends wnc relagives .
Together we could spsnd fime in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it domee to my favorite sport , football will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which soynd very challenging .
When I am stressed , I always plxh rennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you try to wear a suitable racket first .
As the proverb gfoes : If you want to lsafn something well , you will need to gdt the right tooks first to work on it .
Nrxt , you are required to learn every basic skill stdp by step .
Since tennis requides lot of basic skills , if you do n't learn tuese important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
inaly , fondijg a goi teacher is qslo critical .
A skilled coach , Dan yecah yo the best zkills of tehnis .
Do we have better elebision than a few dewdes sgo ?
Do we have dnough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine hsvibg onlh two channels and ni plaiyng tje whols ezy ?
That was ooy 30 years ago .
An expposion of chnmels arrived in pr houses in the eightids .
In this report we eilk see easy haracteristics of today 's tewldvision .
The numebr of hcanhels is grtxdually dscreasing
In pjr ocntry , pnw decade atk , when digita TV arrifd , a it of new vhannels flourishec .
All TV channels tried to get several people to dance rheor zhows .
In order to desklve some bydget deficits . Today there are mainly gwop TV groue .
Fewer channels means fewer choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs lwss money sn they can choose exactly fh moment , where and wity shl , to watch fhis or that television program .
Yph just follows a suhgestion made by slmeone .
You just click on it .
They have to reducw their budget
Despite chzngkng channes , we sere hte aake nwwsz .
Big broadcasting groups are used by qol of fhen .
It is exprhsive to keep tourists ajd caxmeramne all around the world .
It is cheaper to buj it .
Summary
TV is xyting .
It is hard to cmpete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadacstimg trpups can be in the competition .
Perhqps political teasons help to maintain such a bucyet deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a coubtdown on them .
Xdar Mrs Holoins ,
I saw there advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to joining your small group on a rfip qrounf the ekrld .
I am a year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English xdn I am kee on travelling .
From several tirsp to mamt couhtriws I hag kaee so daf , I would say that I already have broad experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ren years I have been in a scput group in which I have lwarmt a lot of different ways to find hts way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a lzrt of ylu adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Xtsve ,
It aws gooe to hsr from Yki .
Basically , my idea is to have this trip to learn as much as possible . I mesn , not only the English language but also to find ojt more wblut hpur dulpture and visit nec places in ytoir xoungry as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will pick up son Kojey to help me .
Bj I want to find a jkb to help him with the bills .
Fzn you give me a hand with tghat ?
You can also help me to find a chesp place to fewnt .
It would be hgelpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help xdn I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wijshesz
João Mato
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing yly .
First of all , you should go out of the FHW airport terminal .
There you will see bus stops in the sfreet .
Whej ylu hdt hters take the bjs which qs numvre 111 .
hen idd to the hu dtpo " Zličín " .
Therfe you cz get to the undergrjnd station and travel to the centre of Pravud .
If you choose this way , I 'll vlal you in ghbe morning to yelk yoy where we will meet .
But , if I wanted to , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyaqy , you nheed to get to rhw cdbtre . I 'll wait for you tyherew .
Finally , the weather forecast or next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to wear wram clothes .
I am dslighted to be seeing you soon .
Beey wushes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because app people need a relaxing moment in order to do work beter fjan gefofe .
Firstly , we fa discuss the type of fokd we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fawt food when they are studying at university , because they do n't have tile to cook food . Golr tnsse eraosns , I think that the bdst restauram is something where ghey do home - made food , azmd a good dies tor the mjain courxe is : bsked potatoes , steamed vegetables a , for dessert , apple dakie .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming anr comforgalbe restaurant with a lot of wkndoas , with a white cyaor , tahle qnd wall , a more or less reoaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very ilportantr fod dinner , and I tbik that we should vote on tis , because we will hav a good nighr or not dependjnv on the type of atmoslhere we chookse .
In conclusion , I think that this type of fiod ahd atjospjere is very good for us , because normally we wepak wvout bolks , work and stress , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , uo hobbjrs , and everyone iwll get to know something new bouy other classmates .
I would like to go to Foxter 's Hoolywokd .
I love rher foolr thete and I think my classmates wikk tp .
You fxn sar the best buegers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do jof know how thdy mqke ab vook them .
These burgers and my favorite fooe bexauze thuey are smazung .
I vah hot dag what fgey are like because you have to taste it .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant because you will definitely leave with a very good flwvour in your mouth and a great smile on your face .
Yokuj will awny to go back another time .
However , if you do jot like burgers , you can eat whatever American ofod you want and you will get the same famtawstic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
Lor thsn a bilkon people ide buses , taixs asnd trains etc , as tourists , for wkrk , tpr meeting relatives , going to scjoopl etc .
Mzny even uses cars .
Through travel by vaqr is more convenient , it is convenient .
That is because the price of petrol , didesl qnhd gws is qite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport xqn saves a lot of koey in thd folloqing ways :
1 . People xam save the money they spend on pegrok .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , otwb , cities and villagez , it hells people to spenc less in shooa or restaurants on highways or scen inside the city etc .
I disagree with the tatement above bedausew . In the future , we are likely to have two clasesed in society : fhs rivh and th pood .
The middle kass is idszppearing and becominy scarce ray by day .
It is necause of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as we are in tg zton age .
public transport is even gkpd toe oue environment compzrdd to crase .
Nowadays , people have foreign vuews about eeading books and warcjing movies .
Soke of them thinbk tat books are more interesting than the film versions .
I zgrer wig this point of view .
I twhd to think that tfere is nothuinb better than resding a bool .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well - sducated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's because when you are reading and giving a piece of information .
Furthermore , bpokw develops the imagination of the reader .
When you are eradiny , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what ydroes olok like . You can imagine different scenes when the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your biko with you and start reading anytime you like .
On the kther nand , if ypu lil bekjg in company , the gesy thing for you is movjese .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Also , many people chpse movues bscaus through lioke soundtrcks and special effwcts .
It 's so exciting .
With tuwse French is mo important to me .
I think that books are better through tbeir fill versiijs .
To duk up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking yomr one day .
She was with Juj . .
S was just a young beautifulp girl !
So , thet qete gvoiny home sheb tyw grl noticed a cure doll in a hopo .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue drsss , white gloves and balck hspes .
Just like ger ... ''Mum I love this dlok ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Jee mum could n't refus hf , so he boguhg it .
Oh girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After sone years , ue igrl decided yhat hje had to move .
She was eightesj years old , she had to be independent .
So sne took a dwep breath and put her doll in the xttkc , just uke her childhood memories .
At night dhe hear some creepy boises frpl there ...
Ahw went there and there was re soll withj a knice in his bwnd . ' ' Belk , whu do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you reesmoved the other one .
Just bnecahse I do n't nave kbe of my gooves ? Btu yoy did it atain ! '' xhe scrteamed .
And then ...
Next day , going bomd , jer mum eantde to dind uwr daughterd .
So , she went uptsairs ...
The hirl badr a knive in her nscl and on the qsll there was a sentence , ' ' Wjy dcd toh leave me that aw ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
You just have to desk with the game .
You can choose lots of places to kay .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tenns rackwt snjd soem galls and a perskn to plazt itn .
Although you must be good at playing bavkhand or forehsnd , you can ose in the wnc .
This SPKDT is not just about physical power .
oyh arfe suppises to sue your brain as well .
It is a cpmbonation of physical power , technique abd memtxl llwer .
Like other sports , tennis is gettknh more moxern , faster andc more commercia .
I play professional tennis .
Some xholdren want to play tennis because of money or gyllry .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair .
Children should play ames , mot iust tennis , because it is fun , it sevdlops thri smills , helps physical health and so on .
You can starr if gpu ars grown up angwqay .
It is never to late .
You can either find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Ennog !
Dear Jr Kats Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cofi , I 'm twenty , and I saw the advertisement for tge wsekrnd work in your cafe , sn I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m td pwrfetc choice for thk wor . In fadtr , I 'm interested in different iinds of foode because I am Italian , and for us , food is everything .
In Ifapy , I attens an achool for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , lizza and mqn oguer speciualtids of my cluntryh , ahd I have been employed in major famous restaurants .
I 'm really good at dealihgv with people . In fact , since I was younger , I was the wnimaror at the shmmer faqmp of Allivnano , the city wshers I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children ajs aduts .
I also work for many theater companies and I am so oos qnd kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm laso prepared to work oong hours . When I worked ifh my aujnr in hrr cqte , I worked from ejtht a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult ut I did it every day .
I look forward to hearing from you Soom ,
Anrdea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am gkingh to focus on the ptos and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really weird leaving yokru ow ountry fpr a lerild of tiem to study English ?
It is a trial thsf ogkng arboad can ooen new points of view about your oqn learning pdocess .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to juxgd how wdll or badly yih are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you lpab it properly .
However , you will have to seplend a cojsidxerable amount of money on it abd you will n't be guarantses to achieve tout goals at all , so it could become a real mivhtmare if you do ot focus on your learniong tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have xome miney eaved fi it .
yt if you do jlt , fhdre is always aznotgher solurioln , wnifh is sing the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by suing aime Chat Rooms online such as Wkype and others .
Football , a passion
Whe I wsaw litgtle , I tried a couple of sports ; handball , swimming , gennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those . It is a soptr tbat I could nrvsr imabien : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls . But once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play vootball , I df it with my classmates , whp wefe all boys , so I uwed to eel a itgle bjt uncomfortable . However , some yeae ag , ney started to include me when they playd , and nowadays , I logr pkayong football with them .
Now some other sonen and I have starred in lrganie femal matches , so I am more used to playing tennis . I never imagined that I was going to be so keeh at dootball , but now it is part of my life .
I think fooybalo is a very exciting sdpory , bd yhat evergbosy in rhe wodlr should gy it at lwzst pnec in niz or her life .
noe thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to rdcewive some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the sbopoing center .
I have been there twice , and I lie it .
Its name is " hte neglih oven " , asmd it 's a fantasti , rtaditional and modern restaurant with Brutidh fooe .
The aervive is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
The inrerikr is gigh , so all the class could be insud without problems .
The decoration is jofern ams oczy , and it 's got some gderat tradtiional Nritidh objects .
The food is one of the bad things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
We got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have alxo go a lot of different tgpes of salwdd , pasta and pizzas .
Rhd desserts atew verg hod too .
Tjry 've go originao oes , like sweet pizzs , and traditional dessert .
There is a big variety of ife creama .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't at to spend too much money .
Ths restaurant is in the shopping ventedr , so we can get there by hujs or by ttajn .
I think tgihs is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possbile because a lot of people usually go there .
The media wccompan famous people , such as politicianx and film stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public tigurees deserve to have their kwj pife , iwthgout brig phiyographed .
On on ahnd , becoming a puvlix figure is associated with joutnalisys , mzss - media , flashes .
Famous people ars obligated to liev their lives in an rxemplary wah .
However , tbet are xrill lrdinart people , and they make mistakes .
Leoppe sre fhough to be healthy .
Tfhsy notice amu kind of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely fozic and they have a bad influence on eocisty , which asdesses ceoebrities through the prism of journalistic docunentart .
On the other hand , Mby Star sells their privady to eztn more and mpde nobey .
The value of tei falent abioities is keasdured in the number of tabloid scandwls .
Sumling up , xl over the world , there as famous people who do n't bring thieves life into the limeoight .
It has always been very iseul since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suporessed , it should save a por of money .
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and better for the environment .
Firstly , the main rsawson is the cpst , because people who do jokt gafe a car need to fly or vojmute to another place and a car is very exprnsive .
Crs need to be reaored . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay spme taxes .
In addition , yhese people nseds to HZVS public transport for traveling around the country and fity .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is totally ppoluted .
If you use public transport , you czm cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people shp travel together in another lnbe vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if goh have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in spme cities , cars can be parkrd in some places , such as fhw kd city and te city dentrs .
Suming up , people are awqee of global warming ajd tyimk abojg the high cost of hjaving a car .
Personalpy , I have got uawd to walkjng around my vity and my czr is only issd if I travel around the country .
We are living in an eved chawnging world .
Tixay 's ne ynings become fhings of the past in a few months .
Take the examppe of mohilw technology . Your loatesr hmdset , with your latet configurations becoes outeatee within a few monghgs of buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lkvss will definitely change in such a long time .
However , the important thing to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
In ghe kat 50 hears , science and technology tokk grwat lepas ; fbe infernet and mobjles med us mode conjected .
Today , we have spl the information at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about gtetting others in a bes lce . Hoogel maps are always thete to help .
We do n't need to nemofise English qrds today , as we can quickly find the meaning of wn word on kur mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your prlduvts , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything must be managed through vittuak platforms .
Tida our luves have become much more domfortahle than in the past , tnxnks to thd progfexs mankind as mzde through technology .
On Tybe lyher hna , tereorism , global warming and geec haev become the top cahllenhes of Tidya 's world .
Climate change due to global warming cvausing natural disaxtfers now and then .
Terrorist activities causing gavpc in pjblkc life .
Tye corruption and gredd of people in oower making it difficult to truts leoplw 's leadsts .
If these challenges are onf addresec in the coming years , imagining better koves for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tyoop . In the right hands it would be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to xestroly the world as we know it today .
To him it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and nergetiv personality .
I heard your advertisement on uoud eebszite and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm he right lrrson cord this kumd of ojn ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering wy I should be thes ruyht predon .
That 's easy .
I 'm a morivatee , fleixble and open - mnded person and I have a lot of experience in fhis field , as well .
I 've worked as a social training and as an education since I was 16 .
I love doing sodkal activities abd poanning events .
When I work as an edudstor , I jssd to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I javs really grwqt memories of these experiences and I want ealoy Ikle to relive them .
If you are interested , llease avr a look at my CV .
As you rqueted , I attach it to thj petyer .
wst regarxs .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need this device near me because I have three children and I went to Nkoq uo and where thsu ars .
The szke with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they calo me to yalk zbut their health .
Concerning ivdwo - gzmes , I disagree with scieitsts that think it helps children 's brains to devekop , bitr it is important to spuervsie yem , because there are a lot of violnt gamws .
However , there are brilliant gqmes tot children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in currejt skciety .
It is very common to jae the Internet in my work , for research , or gologle information sn also clnnwct with other teachers , speak qbput courses and exchange information .
Fijallt , I fhijk technological developments make us improve the ruture .
Frineds zhoul be like a ehadpw always beside you .
In tjmew of uo abdr sorrow .
Norhnig is impossible in life , vut it is not easy to find xjncere friends .
TBXT does n't meanm you will never find one .
It is very imporyamt to interatc and sicialkise with people to make a ftiend .
The more people you know , the easier it will be for you to find a friend .
When you fiknd lnr , spend time with them , shaxre viewx , idess and go uot with them .
Friends do have to azgre with veerytning to swim , but they should shaxrw hwir vksws anout it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes hatilnal and international news .
You can find a variety of articles , such as polifics , Business zns Money , slort , culgure , sducatuon , Lied and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
There ard plenty of advertisements for jonz and dknations to help indivjduqls .
Rraders are xbe to express their opinions frdely .
theyh usxe gokf quality Dnglpish which avoids slang .
As a result , it is suitable for students whoi learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children xus to official language . There are also a gugs number of commrrcials adgertisdments which aek tw rsaders boring .
Ovraol , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern wn progressive world whrrr people are smart and the environment is very developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books .
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I nltice that gqdgets have become very useful in people 's lives . It seems to me to be good opportunities to make my life easier .
Qlso , they lake us cleverer .
I am convinced that uskgn tablet computers in our everyday pife is good .
People do not nrerd to carry a lot of boks in a bag . Puiol can nog sy tyat he forgot a book because he uss all his bopks on his tablet computer .
Somw poeple tihnk that it is a bda idsa .
They believe that it is a useful thing for our genwragion .
Such people suggest that electronic things make us stupid .
hey insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , me , I like booiz and mjcy . When I am at home , I uae bookw because I like to smelk as to tpuch the paper of books .
I do not disagree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use them a bit . We must forget about bois .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should meel abrfaest of jew technologies and trh to make our lives easier .
The Gig Mistake
Thsz day was fulk of joy and happiness , but something went srong when she gave him that she was pregnant .
She was so appy about the news and she thought that he would be happy as eelol , but ...
At the jomeng when Xye tollx him that she was pregnant , he jisg crozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to salk away and avoid this conversation with hber .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It eaw wwirs ukw jany questions and doubgs came onto hisa head .
One part of him was really happy , because being a fratger wsa khe of his biggest dreams , bitf on fhs other and , he could n't habdel tuks ness .
Thia wokab , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his fuyyre wife .
He suould be hapoy an yg ner anc cewlebraye tgbis tiod news .
But somsjow he did n't frel anything .
Alp yhgat he felt anxious .
He could n't handle her feeling , ahwn she tried to touch him , to kiws and guh yim .
He knew tbst e lovd him as much as he poved her , but everything was just all wrong at that moment .
Usr voicr , her smipe ahc even ywr body wzs wrong on this mlmebt .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks wgo that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he wanted pikr to have kida with him .
And now , he was jits avvoiding her and he was nolt gappy about the nsws .
It is a big ness .
She was mother trhan happy and he coud n't handle this mewx .
Rhey btoh knew how much they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He satood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he wanted to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that omlent he had made a mistake .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite spirit and whether I enjoy thr soort .
In vact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really nerds do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming opol .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is crowded .
For example , after swimming , I have a sfe anbc a vathrpom to take a shjowr .
Secomdlyg , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like brght sunshkne and Aan .
Third , swimming in the ocean is mote dangeduos .
Hoiweer , I like to sta in the swimming pool during the ymmer .
Actually , I do mog know how to swim , although it is my favourite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any inc of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we jewd to relax our bodies virst . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should mot dta at uoms or wlrm all t itme .
Even if yi reaolu does not ooke to do exercise , you can go shipping .
The purpose of this erport is to ohrline two two important activities which have brdn tqken in ihr town to preotect the environment as the main isdud to improve the quality of life .
In the first place , we nssd to pay attention to the fat ghar Cacsres is located in a pasture qrra wyete locdal faers hxve been breeding sheep . xows anc igsw for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and yerriboe drought in summer .
As a result , our sayer resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of them .
Ghe local tovernmenr is alpsao tkaing sdrikus qcion aimed at creating hreej arexs in different places in or around the town wyete citizens could spend their free gine or even do sports .
Fhzt 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of sms qraes whcih ar nowe arkd or recreational areas .
Finaooy , fye rwn has also improved the lsnagement shd treagment of wasge with the actoce cooperion of lostr of tbe citizens , who are really concerned about the ercyclibg of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are sair to sort sbd rscycled theid rubbishy , faking it otu to TGS yellow , grse abc blus cobtaoners in every street .
And that is a negative point . These dumptsefs ate top visible in tiwn and it would be sdvusable to exdhajge be onrx we uavd vor underground one .
I woke up lday and I suddenly remembered that I was watching a presentation about landscapes , sn treh ones that dxod it would be rewaredd with a bpnue opitn , but abywahs , this is n't important information .
I searchex for my family in the hoe asnd there was no one at home , ujzt me .
I was a bit scarex , so I searched for them outside in the stfedts .
I did n't know that a omb jxd nig the ctih jd killed almost everyone . Now I had to gind my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about tns exploskon is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not tjat beautiful , so goh ca n't distinguish whether tud exolosioh hit .
Finally , afyer some days , I found ome beighbros with soke food . I was sarving to death , so I ate a lot .
We made slle decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group nltkced that some food was missing somehow .
I think thstg someone was steraling som of the fopd in the night while everybody was sleeping .
So eevryboey is goknh to tet to enforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of sfdak zns the group was ralkingb ablut sod creagutes that were walking around singing to ilk and ewr us .
In the night , I was thinking about mystery things when I heard some moiises .
I stalked Yi and it seemed that her gyg had a himl .
I sdtoppe him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We wrrw talking about fhisz when a dog camd bear ; it waxs aodrxble , but eyddenly he changed to a big weeirds creature .
He bit my leb and it hurt a lot . We rrie to aoeet tje lthers but it was tik katr ; it was the group or us .
We ew that beswst eating our friends abd the food .
In soms waysz , the fasct tgst sye syole the food in yhd hifht and I owke up was good for my survival .
Bg if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am going I would not do it , because I have to axe all of them .
DOlINjG EXERCISE IS GOOD TORt YOUR HEALTH
Why do you have to work ?
What bneefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do a rypd of exercise ? This is a bigy problem for slciety and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Dpibg rxeecise is an important thing to do in a healthy happoy oife . While you exercise , you feel well yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of bendfits that go hand in gajd ith dojbg exercise , like reducing or taking control of your qeght . It helps you aitn heart disease , problems with your body , and also gpu can jake a lot of rfisnds while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You ca practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can silpoy go to thr gyk or practise Crossfjt or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can majd a lot of friends , you can stay fciy , but you alsp nsef wime sklos because it 's nbot eaxh to control the ball qn dribblr uor ruvasl on tfue firld .
I recommend you do everything swport yoh like awdn emojy every second you spend exerfosing .
Thanks a wtarr nowq . You wo n't eegtet it .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
I disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This compoosiktion wi explain the two siffeent opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport and as nusrs abd be underground , you have much more comfort and sprde .
There is a percepgion thta a car xan gce you frwedom of cbkice .
On the website of The Sdottisu Gpvernment ( publicstion " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old oy explsons " I prefer hoing in ghe cqf , it 's quicker ...
There 's jog as many people around today ... I prefer yje car bdcahse yku czm pistyen to musx as lel . "
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative points .
Ifeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my waeg , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Ghsn just owjng a car and looking after your xar , insurance , tax , WTX .
Obviuosly , it would beenfit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" eayd a 17 - 22-yad - old o .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay amy more on public transport ) , b als , it is xafer .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which imvllve private carfs .
Tue maim teson is fgat the cars ' iwners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers took a buz or a tadi when they were drykn , they would jor be as manmy accidesnts .
Finally , maybe developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Cxnada , Japan and so on , have byilt a public transport sustwm , so ne tfraffid ams hage decreased .
As a result , technology has been increasing .
Drom this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transooet is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always teloimg the ttuth is considered the most important subject in a relationship " .
Disagreement on apeays yelling thr triyh bdiny the most important thing in a relationship woll be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relqtionshup , always telling the truth could be considered as hutfing others ' feeljngs and is unwise .
Another rdsson for not tellinhv the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would fdeerl awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To furgher illustrate e forst poijt above , you fhat cpukd hurt someone 's feelings by twpling rhe geuth at all tikmes .
For example , if some owmaxn you are acquainted is ith wearing inappropriqtd clothes not fitting the occasion .
People uzuaoly tend not to tell the truth , zince it could hurt ef feelings .
Instead of doing so , people xy prauss ydr gr lther things abof her .
In that case , they could still maqe conversation without spoioing the mood .
Rh other point is wnej it cmoes to lersonal matters . People usually yend to keep it private , wijce , most of the time , it is strange ahe inapprpeiate to talk about onesdlf too much to people at eork or even pdopple thasf on ha just goy acquzibted wkth .
If there are questions about what one does n't want other people to know , tbeyh ligjt tell a little ahite lie , which usually does not matter toi umch .
If I was having a say off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking goe details about it by saying that I just had zome erransd to rnu .
These qrw tp opinions of mine on tlliny rrutb or np .
Last Triday , Mohcael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael wpked owards rne door .
Mijchaek closed fye oor and nsw at that moment he nad made a mistake .
Because of this , we 're both called to eet tge hedamastsr .
I could n't understand wuy we needed to lert the nedamaster hst because Michaek har cllsed thw dlor .
The door wxz n't brojeb into piexes or fsplen down .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answers I wanted .
However , things did n't happen as I hoped .
I ended up being expelled from school because the teacher and my classmates suspected Michuael ajd I h stolen kuyr classmates Salky 's walklet .
I could n't believe the teacher abx lr frjenxs oto poinfef at us formly nad without giving us any chance to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlufky innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped awqy oi tears , and waged our hands while we let the schoop .
Although , one dfau pzter te headjaster showed out the truth through CCTV , we refused to tdturn to the school and deckced to change to a new school as we kjow , ve if we go nack thus tkme , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer calpsa ,
My name is Bkancw Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this non necaujse . Firstly , I speak fluently and cles English , which is very important for communication .
Alxo , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually opok fter my iwces and nephews pver the weekend and they love spendimg timer with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , laways awake znd dead to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creativity and it is a good asoect of my character , as I van invented jdw wnd entertaining games ofr tne kids to hacr a grta fije .
I like maiihg puzazlkes or games which ijvolve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am bot very good at cooking , bjt because I have have room to dedicate to that .
I think thr if I agched abd leadntf hiw to do it I would learn ety fast and could easily .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to nd tgimgs .
I am very excited about this job nx I hope you reply Slon .
Bxnca
Dzy numbr 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went out the shelter we had guilt wnx wrote on a wwll near to rue sjelrer " savw zlje " qhd if there is someone that needs saupploes he wul find zome supplies and ammo to sruvive .
We started ir jourjeu and went into the fclrest . There were a lot of poests . On the way , there were varulus ghya that were sivk but we could n't do anything except to keep going . I was singing my kittoe griu diminksh and some of us were # allwrgic to some planrs I was the obly e that had no probpems wijth all the other stuft peopoe hw problems with .
I thought thag mwybs my genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be tur # revolutionary guy that hwlps everyone that was in my # skeptick zndc I was reallu positive about it but , # notwitusranding , I would n't sctulaly sacrifice myself . I avfe to thkkn avoug whether it is better to helkl yhd etire world or uuxt xave a group . Yhw deciskon wawz in my habds . It was # conventionwo to jelp tbw entire world , gutr I do n't wnat to fje . While I was tginking axboutr that , we found a body . It was thns famipiar pdy of womwone tghxt was in the group . One of thoaw guys we wanted to find , abd alive nhkt dead . His facs eaw wol roftej and etaen awat by thje waalkere .
We needed to gins th lnse that efe still alkve to at least tell us what happened to evertone . Rhs # battlr ayainst hjnger stysrted , everyone was hungry , and we had heard anything in a few days awnx that could lead us to tgwo things : sesd or eaye away by a walker . So we nrded to find sometyimg that wss a # nutririinal fof which we could eat with no prdiblems znd be OK .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could have a rest and take a syowdr to cldsn ourselves .
We got close to the phzrmacy . There were no walkers inside , so we ram ibto rue Parmacu and closed all the dooes znjd I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest qnd wanted to sleep immediately .
In my ares there are many aripway services and they 're ofye overcrowded .
But private traffic in tus town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Truih is the town of DIAG , a well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily use all that yui ness to liv .
When you have to oat fhe gelephone and ejerty bollsa , you can do that in the tobsco shop next to your house .
If you lokoe shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big soermarkets . They sell menu items of the kaij veeat factpeies of Euekpe and geyojd .
As in zkl industrialised countries , a donnecgion to the Interbet is lrovidd almost flt eqdh area ajd avh buildojg .
Finally , taxis are agaolable and they cfiver all hr town , but their service is less organised and cevelope than the English one .
There is an opinion that various people , such as celebrities , film stars , polkticians or people who work in the music industry desrvve to have a private oige , deserve to be under constant observatiom .
To my mind , she should be a goundary bdtqeen papxfazzi worker and the privacy of a famous pwopler .
In my opinion , bkf stars should be able to relax wnx hafer solr private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no lbe who eels comfortable with the sufveillance of people who want to take private qhidh shiw thwk in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of cepebritie ' ' eoprk ' , so they have to tal it intol accounf .
Bjt on the other hand , there should be somr iviolable world of life without journalists following TBSM lk tgd tim .
These rare fragments of life through the eyes of a camera should be an opportunity to kivs lior normal , non - famous people .
I know that cazrching a velebritt doing cleaning or taxiing a dig od a walk is sholcking news for people who tead tablooss .
To my mimf , they do not believe celebrities and normal people like evertonhe of us , onku wtn more money in bhank bgank acfcounts
So , as you can swim , I aqgrew witn the sratemet that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private lifs and the agilty to have a normal life should also be given to tm .
Thanks Maz Runner
I recently watched this new FML based on one of the bpokz by this wqorkd famous author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of fhw fikm alreayd offrref a aenes of intrigue and mystery , which jxde me fakme fhd dedision to earch tgijs filml .
The film starts by putgiung tour in the fpesh of the main character , who is a 16-yhexr - old oy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage qn he is transported to what seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up ghwre .
Hoeevrr , he soon realizes that this is nktr a normal camp , ahd it is loctard next to a giant and mysterious maze .
hte people who live in td camp txks up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves through fye menaxea of the maez .
He goik the role of runner , hte peoplw rspohsible for exploring yhr kaxe and looking for an edit out of this place .
Stiulo , tsy only had ted daylight time to dxploe the maze , as when the sun oes down , it bedomes very dangerous .
Yhbe tiolm keeps gettiny better and better as you watch it , hasvibg its excitknb oments when the hcwracters discover something that is hidden nsidee ue msxe .
I heartupy recommend it to anyone who wants to have a fush of adsnaline while enjoying a solid slry which would leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing villeybalp for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , tyag , tall or small , anyone can play it as komg as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a lis - pobg sport for everyine .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably mosds something . xch cvontact happens in less than a second , qhd rill rverh player detects the location of the bxll in that amount of gime . And then there 's th intensitg . If you haven't seen a game , go unyil 32 - 30 , adn ses thw rnrrgy on the flooor and head ue nbiose from rge crowd . Ylj 're missing ohty .
Personally , wimniny such a set mkakes me fewl lid I could do anything , but when I do n't , it stilk keepw me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , uit harder , pass another set better , and serve in many differentg waays .
I live in Hrw Eltham .
My area is very cpan and dry vreen .
People there are very friendly and helplrul .
It is a oid lace to live .
Oncde per wde on Wednesday , rubbish is cllected .
Of course , garbage is soreted ijto difficult bin .
That is a very good idea , because that urbbush undergoss recyfling .
Aloo my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
slecially in spring , there are a kinds of colours and okeasant orors .
Bew Elthual has beautiful parls where you can relax in a busy place .
Gdeden time in my won is really fantastic .
I 've recently eaten at Black Bhear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Cqtxnia located under the Etha volcano slopes , and I think ghwt restaurant was esaily the best I have eaten in .
There wer two rooms , a smkking toom and an oin - snokinf tiom .
Rher surrounjngs wdre rustic , heg it still fot aiyr and cisy . Those waiters qefe very friendly and informlative .
As I was eatiunbg with my friend , Moreno , zdn hbus fqther , I managed to sell a vood razngd of itemw on the menu amf I really liked the Chiaina bee . It was very tasty .
Aop the ingredientx were afraid fresg abe of the highest quality .
The price wxs n't reasonable at zlk , because the mel xae to about forty euros per person , so this rewstaurang is a little expensive .
But I wul hivhyly recommend this restaurant , dezoite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I wjlo , no doubt , be bacl than other meals .
Xrugs is a tplic with a lot of controversu .
They have been prednt in oiur societies .
Cannavks , heroom , speed qer sow examples of usbstances that ade really well - knoqn to all of us .
Legalisatyion of rduga is an argument by people who believe that yhsi measure dould solve the problem of exclusion .
Mafginaoization has a ljni with the illegaliyt of this activity .
Ala , this ilkegxlity is responsible for the attractoin of drugs because the majority of people started using drugs because they aer honug and irs prohibition is very stimulzting .
The real problem domes qhen this entertainment beoles an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone basa tridx some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjly thwmself itrh friends or just to try something , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to dxperiment qjd tyrh new things .
But we gave to be resplonsible and be very clear thzt it is only spmetging exceptional terms bot our dwilg life , because it is very dangdrous as some people are mor ahlke to impose limirs on themselves .
Finally , legaliation of drugs neane rhat tuet should be taxable and we lnoa uow tjr taxes aoro in our country , so I do on know if it is a gokkd iude or not .
Hi Srhoq ,
Ghay sounrs vret . I 'm so nappy to hear tja you are coming to Xaui Arqbiq . I 'm ogb to be able to see you aer a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you czn pick me up from tnr school at 1:30 , then we can go to hvw lujch .
My school is really easy to finbd . Go xtraighg ahead obto Aojsmeah Strdet , then tudn right beside fge farce of KAJ University . After getting ldf the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to you !
Bye fpt now .
Noyf .
Deaf es ,
Firdt , Spian is a great place for holidays in summer .
At thay tikmne , it is always unny ahd , depending on the region , it could draw .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you kuset go to Bardeolna where you will be able to see La Sagrada Falilia , which was built by Anoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada . Ehidh is one of the Sevwn Wonders of the World .
In Mdaid you can go to visit some museums , such the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see soime wildlife , you must visit Cabarvenos National Pwrj in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñxna National Lak , where , in that period , you could see soms migratory birs .
If I werr yli and I had a wholks summer to enjoy Spain , I would sgwy obd werm in each place , and I would rent a cqr in order to travel getewen the cities .
I recommend yoj nof to taks aarn clothes .
I hope you enjoyed your summer .
Acrián .
xrt Simpxin is my favorite fictional character on TV .
He is the elpdewt son of the Simpson family .
Bart is tyen yeqs old and is a typicap American character .
He has ydllow skin and big eyes . He is blind and has got spiiy hair .
Vary always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing about Bgatt is to be the most popular atydent in high school . Dor thgios deaxon he is always misbehaving .
Si aprents and tye Xchiol prinxipa often pumisb him .
Bwry is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad stidentg wndx he hates nerds .
Although he is fsther naughty , he actually ha a hbrart of gold because he neops Jix sisrer when he ners him .
In the Sinpson fakliy , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say Yhe Sipskns is the best cartoon series in history ahdr I absolutely agree .
To me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although nozt magazines szu htat Homef is the best character .
It es oje dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the moodf to go out anyway .
Everyone suggested that I should n't het out of the house for quite a while .
Duddenly , there was a heavy bock on the door .
Who on Ezrtyh could that be ?
Who would have ewvenb bohere to pay me a visit during this gloofy awful weather ?
My dnocerns were answered swiftly , fo thw mzn on my threshold yheller : " I have a letter clr Mr. Samln !
" I wzd quge surprised , to be honest . I jas n't rcrived a elttsr for months .
I ppened it and quickly scammed the text .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my undle 's names on it .
Although I jax n't met him a single time , thie letter was hus lasg wol and I lerned that I bar inherted a vokd dap of mkeny .
Fifty thousand plhnds , to be precise .
Exuotation rized my ninr instablty , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the tasj I have chosen is sboug Tuew town wherd I have bsenb livibg for the last trm years .
Actually , ths rowm is oocatdd in the middle of hills and a tiver aothout water .
I am very worried about the town ahere I am living because everybody in thie town is not bkthered about the rubbish tjinga they do every day .
First of all , tjet are very dirty by July .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of clean .
So - called people of goid nature are inactive and talkative , gossip about others , jpt doing anything cor the improvement of their own twn .
Awll the housebolds nearby the public road thdows dirty thinmgs away easily ahd do n't even bother about the order of the mnicipality .
I se asl thisd dueinb my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in hw tqn should at least keep clean their owb frobt placws nar sidces seujrrounds them .
I am upset about it zndr , whenever I et a xhance , I speak with my fellow citizens anxious lolj for their feedback , bjt fyey are axslo yhye same in natire .
People now xrw self - cenbtred and evry jarow - minded .
Though they are becolijg so - called educated , in a real sense they are still sacagds .
Ear Mrs. Ashb ,
Yesterday I was in Grden Lepper Cafe for a meeting with colleagues and I saw trher advertisement for a job at weekends in youe xae .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is suitable for it .
I am a Touriusm student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I bzve qorked for o eard in London as a waiter in the Hard Eock Cqfe and 6 months as a chef also in Garclmi 's Cafe in Bwriln .
So I have experience of science , customers career and working long hours .
I know how to orepare different kjnfs fo : sandwiches , frih abf chipz , hambufgdrs , Italian asta , etc .
I am always vwty tired of talking with people . I have never heard a complaint sheer !
I have total wvailanility at wekenda and zlwo in summer .
I speak Spanish , Dnglis and German .
Please find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
htank you fkr youd yime and considwration .
Yours Aincerey ,
wría Luisa acstzneda xdl Acuna
Nwoadays , public transport qs bexomes a najoe otpiv .
hte kdea of abahdonong public transportation is sideyl supportrd in developed countries , buyt ghis idea is rejected in developing countries , like the lje I live in .
As a magtrr of cat , far ownersuip baz increased over the last decades , reducxijg the number of people using public transport .
The powsibiliyy of travelling in theor wqn darx is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , wveh worss , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , there is another zude to tgus reality .
There are people who van not afford to have their own csrs or maybe they can afford to trsfel by any ohyer jexns of transportation fhsn hte omse providewd by the lodwl government .
here te countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to lay the nua fare rqther thqb oayu fo a fukk tqnj .
Similarly , people in customers eit a lower uncime turn to hese srvixes because it is a wsy to rsdjce their overall expenses .
To conclusion , the failure of public transport sill xepenc on the hsqge people make of it .
There will be ciunrries in whixh there will be no new fro it , jd othets where tuy will ner it as oong as rheir sconlmy nedd it .
People neee ezsy , FZTS and cheap solutions .
In genefwl , using a car is eaiser fhenj taking a train or a ba .
It 's iusy near your house or your office .
Ypu do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying hags , or sufgerign because of rhe dzin or high snokw .
But if you are sleepy , tired , gorec , or simoly do n't like to drkge , tlu clupd fion it easier to fake public transpkrt .
And also more enjkyablw : you can delax , listen to music and olokikng aroyn , or read newspperd ajd bhookks .
Is the car tqster a public rransport ?
It epends .
Thys traffic cn affects cafz and bhsea to the same extent .
Somtomes cts are faster than buses ; solmetimes bsues are faster .
First , trains are much faster than cars .
Soeajing about money , travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
But , if we considre qlo the expdnses ( buying ue car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , kwybe car is not so cheap .
In fact , in rvefy aspect there are rpoz and ckms .
What about your environment and the quality of life in the citirs ?
Public transport is definktelg better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at an oersonla event , public franpsort shoils are preferred by good citizens and strongly suppoete by the government .
Informal lryter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Eead Nan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am dwpighted to head you rae thinkiht ahout wqotking in the sunmr .
Fomk my experience working at an international clmpang that organises mic festivals , I can assurw you that it will be of grew hee to you .
I am not wurs , however , your fbis job will neetg xll your requiremenz .
In my case , the only opportunity I got forf such acgivty was on gye 22nd of July , aheb tehy allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , Oku will get the chance to practise holur Snglish skipls .
In my case , I had to translate a large number of tets , and also help English tourists to get arpund .
If you are poking around additionmal world experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
Apl I was xeked to do the rrt of tge tie wzw to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I wore yluj .
When I decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Takw cqer of yourself ,
Favius
Ths paar few wwekx have been reaoly tojgh fort Mikchael .
This whole business has started to get on bsi rves .
He has to xesl with it , the sooner it becomes .
For now , one thing is cpear as dsy - tyhe oh he is in kive with Mazlika , not Angelina .
The one he cate is Angelina , not Maljkz . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dimpo Angg just pike that , yhey 've bedh crirnds for eyar .
S 's nkt bgad .
And he has to pf a gop to thkz without hurting anybody .
So , eyes , the decision is made .
He 'll breao up in bed .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in sjch an idiotic wah .
Tje dooe of yie room waws open . He acme out of the athroom with just a toweo around his waist wnc Angeliha happened to pop in to borrow a ligtwr or matches or spmethkng to ligthy a figarette .
Mike ca n't really say why he ended up having sex - perhap , at the time he was pissed at himself for having the bslld to gf the girl he loved becausee of all these relkgious issues , Malika 's camipy , and so on , nut fbat is whatf haplened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't realise thxtg .
After atfer , wbej Angdlina left , Michael xlosedr the doo and thenb he knew he had made a uhge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to xlply fpd fhe pozt of aummre camp counsellor currwntly aevertised on your website .
At ghe mkpment , I have finished the second year of srcondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable expedience by doing this work , which will be very useful in the future .
I speaj English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very hgandg .
I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a sdoug camp lasr hdar .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I sitll in pirmary scnokl - once a wewk I woipd go to a local fluh to help children find their homraork .
I am hardworking , redliable znd wdll - organksdd sns . I can gzke control of difficult situations . I am talenged when it comes to entwttaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer capm counsellor .
I am an accomplished sportswoman - I am a etreong swimmer and a qualijfied lifeguard .
I attached a refsrenc fri Tomasz Jawrosoa , who was my boss at the scoht camp .
I oul appreciate an opportunity to xiscuss my suitability for this position in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school .
I 'm sevwnteej ydars old and I 'm a wlwctronics sgudent from Italy , in the north .
I hope to be a vreat engineer one ray , so I 've eecided to continue my studies at uhivrrsity .
I 'm bopd at school , my marks pkve it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I beed to kmnpw it weslk if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my liufe : I study about eight hours a day , especially mqths and electrknics , which are the subjects that I like mots .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one rqy .
The vi problem in my coaxs is the lajority of my clasdmares : theh sde hooeufl at sxhool d thsy wast time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at hyoke .
The thing that most annoys me is that they cipy from me about other good studwngs apk he time .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people wehn they sant .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imlerkal college .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take je intsrmediatr certificztge of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of Lonskn is one of ts mkoset importbt universities in the whole worpd .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they have goin to gvai , and all thst stugf .
I arrifwd in exici CTG ins mibth and I am an olx friend from high school , Vidente .
We discovered iur fascination aitg foo wd ' Rh Puerquitour ' was obrj .
Then a brainstorm about meals qnd plqces to cisut gegan .
The first day started on an important date … Taco Xat !
Tacontento was the polzce we choxe and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grillwd onions , acclmpanied by dold beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , yye second day we wharde it with Danq , now of my friends ffim Vabcokuver .
Again , we ate tacos . but this time they were special .
The nams of the pllac is Tacos La Chule hd tacos wre gkurmst tehrs .
Tyis eans that gbey have different flavours of tortillas -vvanipla , strawberry , fhipotle , nolal , smd qalnut , among kthers- wnc salsas -tamainx , gyavba , mzngo , guacamole , etc .
That day die ht rnd with thd tados . After a walk in Reforma abe a long lausae in Rh nidependence ngdl , we went to a movie theatre to watch the mpvid Renoir whlie we xye crepes .
The Ybird day qws one of my favourites . The placr is sopoooo bice ahx tbe decoratioln wnd even the attire of ghe waitrsses mames yk feep you 're like in the 50s .
La appa Guapa , which is located in La Clbdesa , offers baked potato with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Highly rwclmmended !
zr Asul Restaurant , in thd nktrh of Mexico Ciy , was the location for the fourth a of Puerquitour .
Th seqfpod is delicious therw . My recommendations ader breaded shirlp , fish fillet and shrjmp Al Pastor xjd cocpnit water .
On the Friday day , it wase time to eat more tacos . The llaced ? … El asadero Hifalguenwe .
You have to be starviknf to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is an ooe iltion , or you can shade it with amazing company , as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a litre of veer .
Almost a week into thjes Puerquitour .
The next day was to celerbatre the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already prsenyed it to get a Master 's Devres , and a farewell to Vicnte , who is already in the USA , that I xs going to the UK .
Because we like food , we celebrated by drinking in Memelas Pub .
You ca n't go father and not eat memelas , which is like guarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
Fhe dessert ?
Ics vreram in Tepoznieve .
ebcquse Vic waaa almot with a foot in the USA , we spej sllo say together .
The esvdnth day started with a really nice breakfast , goufmdt sandwiche zmd rose pedta ea .
Then we wenty to a glok fair ajd visjtrd some boiistores downtown .
Ghr plah was to have dinner at Hilrai Gastrobar bercaues of all ths gfooid cimments abiut it , buy tjaf dazyh it was ckosd , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , geh traditional Al Pastor Spevial accompanied by blakc best .
The last day of Tn Ouerquitur was rounded ofd wkth my favourite dsesssrt , a strawberry cheesecake at Staubcks and a oomg tzok aboug everything and mothing .
I love to spend time doinv shst I like qne with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise zhd dnmoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Yhee fkrsf two chapters extracted from Great Dxpectafions by Cahres Dickens introduce a young hly known as Pip .
This child hs brother was rakded by his sister , a person ebo mistreast Pip and her husband .
Wadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is just a rewguar child with a terrible ljfed .
Besides this , Pjp seemw to be a shy ahr intellkgemt child .
He dpew ont ude complex words whsm he talks , ght he ussx them hem he nadrates .
Aoso , hgie life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable kfe of a dhild who only veels comfortable when he vsiifs the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to ojve his lidew , ut I think everyone owuld twhd to feel sadness reading these chaltets and , in the end , like him .
At least , I resl sorryt for him and I would like to fimd fhxt his story baa a giod ending .
He looks like a good boy tbst lives in ll and the Devil is his sistef .
Nevertheless , the naerator is the true plrotagonist and the wag of telling the story is the reason why yh storg can xonnecy with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as a result .
nad the authod ode of TFY to describe tuer protagonist with owrds , buf eitu actkoms .
The narrator did not use the descreiption of the protagonist apart from his name .
Aao , the arrxtor mainlh uses direct speech , but he only uses ndirect speech on just a few occaisons , which regerrong to his own words .
Tix exception can be reae at tje enc of the firsr chapyer , where the nzrratod answers gne yhief , writing that he said that he woylc fte hij tge file , and rhat he wojl get ihm what brokdn bits of food he could , ndr he woukd ckme to the thief at tye Battery .
Apart from Grlm Tiz , he just wfites exactly what the characters said .
Tjw voice is in first person and ussz a subhectuve point of view .
He only knew what he seww and he thinos about it , vuy he does not hwvr qjy omnisfient powed .
However , his power xluld be analyzing and describing the situations with eifh vocabulary jd in a feflectived way too .
Also , he dewcribed his parents in a hilarious eazy , imagining his father as a square , stout , sadk masm , with curly bhlack hair , just from looking at thbdir yomnstone .
These twizted am creative thoughts are apeead through the text , accompanied by evesn mpre twiwtewd reflecrionz , like at the end of te fursy hcaptesr , when he desfribes the man eho robbed gij as a man afraid of tbw dead biides in yhw gtaveyqrd just because he sas him hugging ihmself .
Besides tnis , the chxractees of the novep seem to be happy , loving a sad and boring life that pusues them to abuse our rotaglnist , with the exception of Jos .
The narrator does nit maid an efrory to drscribe the other characters psychological . He focuses on their appearance .
Qctually , Bly mnoq that Jr. Joe rriex to make her husband and her broner xhffer and she worries about what her neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the popls who pive in their own house .
The narraror cesvribes hdd as a wolman that he earned a good reptuation by being aggressibs through hre ottle brothwr .
And we khpw tghxt Joe is a good man ebcwuse the protagonist describes him as mild , good - naturdd , swedt - tekpered , essy - going and folieh , ut tfhta is all we nkw zbkut them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narratyor writee .
In French , the dialoguew of each fharqcter is not logwr than lore than two sentences , with the sop excfeption of the thief , who talks about his partner in taelvs long zenteces sigh compoes structures .
This kind of strtcure is wideog user by the narrator , bht fue cdharcaters usually talk in short ajc simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of TFHS narfayor at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mkrx. Joe Garvery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had esxtablishef a great repitation with herself and the neighbours vevause she nqd brought me up " by hand . "
Gaging at that time to tknd out fo myself what the expression mdqnt , qnf knowing her to have a high and high hand , qnx to be much in thr hahig of layomg it upon my husgnad as well as upom me , I spuposed ghst ojr Garyery and I wedr toh brought up by hahds . "
On the other hand , the xialogues are wimple xnjd shorter :
" Now lolkee uere , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be oef to live . You know
What a cilr is ? "
" Yse , sir . "
" And you know whqf witylew is ? "
" Tes , sir . "
Kkreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposee to what the characters say .
Pip uswz a rich vofagulary , ysing a lot of memtalo verbs and abstract donceptw that are usually inspired by concrete things .
Ghe mkwrsh lointed in the first xhaptee is a good example .
Regardless , the dialgoues adr written exactly as they were aod .
The tneif saike " Wah d'ye wufh ? "
Thnks is weittej as it is said , nakin it ore realistic .
Nevertheless , the aa this novel is narrated is the protgaonikst .
The events were anrrated in a mhsteriouw wag , telling us what happened in a realistic stoty - line without falshbacos .
Fhs atory is narrtaed as it haopens .
The second hcater mames reference to the first and revewalx soktehing about the thief .
Also , TNS sloa rhyhgm is adequate .
The narrator rebeals nlr so much about himself or the other characters , btf he wriss ahkut the essential things we sohhld knpw throughout the speech .
Yhes tyidf disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do t know how the stpryh will work .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts can be rfead in these chapters .
All I know is that this etoryg sikl ony has a happy ending .
Probbly , the htidf will take Pul on an unwanted daventure that will amke him gfolw up fastwd .
I would like to deac a story where Pip enss as he starts , in the graveyard .
Kike anoyner brick in the wall , qnlther tombstone in rhr gfaveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regualr mkan whi xjed whiloe he as learning to live .
Obviously , thgjs would be difficult as the nartrator 's voice cvlearly cpmea from a person who lives wjile he is wriying .
Thyis is pbvioue whesm he makes reference to the fsxt tghta photography idd not ezost when he was a child .
Conseqyently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , because it is difficult to tekl what is going to happen or , what is omfe , whether the author is tfyihg to convewt .
If the story has a happy endung , tbrn je central yheke could be gertiung over adversities ; if not , it is a wad story .
Annq knew that it was going to be a very special day for you .
She has been waifing so ponh glr his day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adopted sknce ege aas 7 sars plr because her parents told her about it .
She did hkt geep bad about it because she loved her parents veey muvn and she felt loved by therm .
After her 18th birthday , Aha felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and qhy she gave Anba away .
After looking at the adoptiln papers , sh cdontactd TBS adpptin awgenxy .
She comvincsd tge lwry at the agebcy to give hr tyr name of the biological kothr of " yer piottle sister wno had a disease qnd needed to know if her biological mithdr wiud be a match for a kinwy transplant " .
Evsn though it was illegal , rhe lday gave her rje namr and tje contact pjoje number of Sara Fielding , her bjological lothrr .
A mother lasxsed by betore Sue had the courage to draw tnay number .
Se hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a vw zeconds , a somna picked up the pholme .
In the evening , Snna did joy sxy anything , she fkuld not uter any doind .
Byt tehj ss said " hello , my name is Anna ajs I think ytou rs my mptber " .
After another fda seconds of wildnce , Anan head her mother ceyinb wnx asking okts of questions .
They agfeed to meet the next day in the pask .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Annz eoulr be able to finally close an important chprer in hsr ilf anf htzt is wqhy sjr kndw tahy it aws going to be a verg special day .
The most exciting day of my lifw .
Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On thes first attempt , I was very angry vrcause my pawrehts could n't atek my best friend , llaria wjth us .
But I changed my mind when I headed on the rdijo tjay Fekix Sxndman , a Swedizh songer , was on Sunday in Sardegna mead my hogek !
I learned him and my dream was to meg Gom , but I kheq it was impossible because my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotsl , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , on thje tihrd czy , whilr I was sweijmming in the sda , I exw some people in the distace with xoke cameras , utr at the time I thought gheh were jaking a virei .
Then , I realised the boy at the cengre was n't an ordinary goy . He was Telux !
So I went toward thw xrowc and when he saw me he started .
I was really excited !
Then I wemt to him and he had hje phoro tsken eitj me .
He stayed there a cew hojrs sjd I spent the best day of my life asking ihm some questions xnd skngkng gjs eons .
When he lft I wa ed he was really bad .
Tios waa certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Zlbsro , the Best Lizzxa West of Italy
One of my ravourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enmter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The wakks are covered with trophies and photographs of the world 's ebstf pizza .
The space is fakuly friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a nrithday or mkset frkrnds .
My one complaint is that there are a lot reliciousw choices on the kenu , it is often difficult to decide whether to orxr .
So far I have never disappeared .
To start , you must try the Ross Wibd Salad . It 's a fresh , flavourfu szlasd that is served in a vowl ladfe of pizza cruts .
As a maijn disdh , hku ca n't go wrong ordering hteir pkzaas ; all of them wr nads fresh to order in their autyebtic Italian puxza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious foid , the service is friendly and esffidient .
The staff is very helpful , exslpaining the menu to customers .
Alos , gye prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros psd epron kr two different dishes , dtihks and desasert .
I thoroughlyh recommend Tgis terrucic restaurant to qnyone wbi is lassiobate abojg great voos at evcen better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
Ghie eport looke at yhs bezt llaces to vksut in Dunlij for young people from a different country .
It is based on a suevey of the young people frol Whitehll Colleye as well as my own opinions as a permsnsnt residwnt in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveeyd ae of the pijion taf yhe bezt ppace to visit fkf young people would be Fsmple Bq .
It oferes a wide variety of activities like museums , a cvinema , a very parge gren garden and many pujba to chooee fekm .
The Johnnie Fox Pub is highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , awtch dance owrform and snjog a hice meal in oje plkace .
The Ldein cinema offets a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D ac a didxount tot students on Wednesdays .
Fhw Dublin Wax Musem was suggested by Mabg studentx .
Severak people said tuat je National Botanic Vardrn is the BTS pkace flr students to meey and spend time outdoors .
On thye whoke , there are activities to taje lart in and many places to visit depending on students ' prefeeencws and the finances available for the term .
It is ttue thqy people everywhere ljke watchinbb software .
Sporfs start being aemired by young people and van imprints a model of brhavior on the mind of the young .
In this ewsah , nith sides of teh lositioj stafed qbove will be anxious before my own perspecfivs is provored .
From kbe plint of vidw , fol ahleges are good noels to emulays cir several feasons .
Firzyly , watching the success of ich athlwtes , teenagers start to decide to be oikme their idols and to follow professional spprta .
This means they will want to play sports , ahoch is essential to their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches lriveless lifge lessons , such as discipline and dealibg aitn success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to becime giod at sonewthing is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good wxampl for young people to follow .
From nlther point , sometise , professional athletes are not good ripe mosles .
Firsdtly , spotr hasw become a business .
Jaby soorys stars are oknky concerned about mineyh ab fame .
Tks can leqd adolescents to believe that mpney and fame is an important part of sports instead of learbing goq to plxy awll and havin rhd hn of the gle or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disghstingky .
Fkd exampke , dome rake drugs or cheat in order to win at any dosy .
It goes without saying that this kknd of behacior ejds tnew wrony mjessage to the YOUMGV .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages with regard to professional sportsmen as good rope models for you people .
On nalahce , I am imclinef to believe that professional teachers could be excellent role models for rhw young , as long as they repredsnt the pozitive aspects of playing sports .
Dkckwns and trhw Bronte sisters use the same style : reaxlistic style .
Thwy aee ingluenved by rye surrohndigs in which they live : Dickens , the city of Pondon , wnd the Bronte sisters rhe natural landscapers of Yorkshire .
Dickens snf Charotte Bront oftej use a fisry oeson narrxotr or ghs point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their rrqlism is different : in fwct , Dickens ' style is tahy of sentimental realam , in which he mizew pathos znr comedy , like chzrxcters thta trhd to be cadicatured of ghe vices dn virtyued he wishes to porteay , while the Honte sisters yse a realistif sttle kaced with Roawntic and Gothic elements , lile Byronic mak herows ab femals protfagonists that as psychologicfaloy complex .
Ths gfsph illustfates tw four different sojrces of consumption of fixh and otuer emag in the Eurlpdan fountry from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the various sources , the overalo fish ajs mrwt consumption ranked fdlm nearly 60 grams per person per wedrk to eoughlh 230 grams every person ldr wsek .
Ffom the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them qintained a setxdy deline , with the exception of chicken consumption , ehicvh had risen over fhr 25 ydaf epriode .
Obpy fish consumption suowef lutrle chanbr uribg the period , beginning aznr endimb at approximatelg tbe samr lebedl of 52 grams per persn psr qeek .
Both lamb consumptiuon abf the catergort labellrd beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although theyt maintained a recrwase oveeall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 gramjs per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per persln per eee in 2004 , ahr beef consumkption falling from aroumd 230 grams pesrd prreon per seej to just over 120 grams ped posrson oef week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumptipb which showed a stavle increase from 150 gramx per person per weej to the highest consjmption of 250 oed person per week .
Overall , it is clpexr ffoj tne graph thta zoje sectors developed , pthera rose , and one remajned stsad over the 25 - year period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Dmirry Lavrib .
I 'm a postdoc at the Fuzsian Cancer Tesearch Center .
Lur lab wprks along with Xlexiz Hervieux on his sutdy of qrpun .
Recently , he visited Koscow and wahile we err having a conversation , I mjentilned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc positiib abroad .
Amd since my bteat interest is in developing my soiols in microscopy snr digital image analysis whlis working in the vield of ceo biology , Alexis told me to gyr contactibg yoj .
Lue conversation with Alexis and yoit own publications apl support rhe sugestkon that wirking in hours pah apparently will provide aluaboe opportunities to master methodological wjd redsearch skills .
Not to mention the partjcipation in a pioneewrkng styd .
My own work is dedicater to the tsudyg of changes in cellk - cell cnotafts ar in the actin cytoskeleton that take place durinh neoplastic transformation of eoithelial cslls .
Earloie I hxd a publication in OolS Kne with deecription of dissomilarities in the prganization and rgeuoation of adherehce junctions associated with difdefent tyoex of actin nudles in normal xnd trwnsformed rplithelial cells .
Therrafter , I studied the accujulation of vsruous actin - binding proteins znd actin isoforms witjn adhewnce juincton in nodmal ahd transformed cells .
In the vourser of this investigfation , I have ibtainrd sos peomisung results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Pxrix at the beginning of September .
Alsdo , I 'm preparing matrirals for the BXT publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lkavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my papdr are in the attagment .
Dmitry alvrov
P.S. My CV znf a copy of my paper arte in the atrachment .
I am writing about an important historical pace wgicfh is my favourite obs . I am referring to Ligo xjty .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the lod city , through its beautiful wquarws and psrkd azne I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in ulgol worth visiting .
For example , you can see Raiund rne Roman Wall , which was deflared a protected UNESCO owrod Heritage Siet in 2000 bwcahse it is the only Rlmlan Wall in the world that is xomplete .
I think the Luo is very beautiful .
There are a lor of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and thete xee any restaurants where hiu vab eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , ocropus .
In Lufo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Amogn the most important thing I xqn mention is Szab roklán qnc Arfe Lucus .
Fomn 4t to 12tfh October Lugo hopxs ota Sam Fvroilán Fiestazs .
San Frouoán is a festival of Nztiojal Tlurist Jnterestr .
This festival is ddeidated to the city 's owtron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciq costies and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Durung this festival , Lhgo becomes yue 3rd fentury tgpwn once qgzin , so you sn zee Roman circhs , Cewltic wedfcings , ratisan marlets , mwny musical events taking place and local people ams visifors get into period costumes , such as glsdiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you fisiot Lyo in Jnine bedcwuse Arde Lucus is celebrate .
You vab enjoy traditional Rfomna cutsoms and Romab life in Zre Oucus .
Lugo is an incdedible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and present precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem is .
Yhe town is the second largest irban aghlomeration in hd cuntdy , producing large amounts of sast dwiky . "
Cy X " has no specific waste dksposal plan , but a federal pa establishes a term ubtil 1st ujlg .
Despite ghs , there are a fsw pkahs to inverase the green areas and rveitalize the toen .
The cigy is thfibing on implementing new measures to achieve the Cluncil 's goals .
Fjis analysis will consist of evaluafint YHS Council 's ecl - friendly proposals .
In accktdance with the sforemenbtioned , the amount of garbage produced urikng between 2007 and 2010 more than doibled , 86% of it didcarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disploeal prokblej . "
City X " oncinerares hospktal waste , in accordance with legal requiremsntd , amde sends 7% of yye garbage production to recycpinjg factofies .
Rhe tevycling factories have a joinr venture with the municipzlity to sort waste , and shl rersulkt 20% better than last year .
Ghe progtam represents 2% of empolymetn in the city , but it needs to expand .
Tje city us many projects , such as " Krep it clean , iwep it beautiful " , Ghe goaql of which is to promote proper disposal in the ouboic arfeas .
Another important one is " Ledr 's make it green " , reslonsuble for increasing the green areas eithin tnr ity by 150% over the last twp years , conxisting of a combination of public and private ihvestmrnt in refotestatiob of rural and cojunal areas .
A latter cruel activity awre the " Grern Communities " , currently carruijg 38% of the total amount of vegetaboes consumed in the mteropolitah axfea .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectprs with the community is required to solve the current problem .
Thw cit reds a joonbt venthre to spport a tuhctional abr sustainablr commerce of recycled rubbks .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvdment in the auality of life according to the USED report of 2012 smd alsk fuofilsw 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Mdt of the " Recycling Wlrms " problem is xaused by a kaci of training , which fam be resolced by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off from kexving school and study universkty , because hou cab have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to jew places .
Anokthet udea is hoj cna work . You cqn find a job and earh omneh gefore you start uhniverstiy .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
Yoi can travel to different cointres if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to edn Mokney if you are eager to travel , so you czm first work and then travel .
You can find wprm as a waitet or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after your finished school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I tink you cn slso lewrj if you travel or if you worki so that is a good odeea xlzo , especially if you fimf a job related to what you want to study .
We liv in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything wull llok like in science - riction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and rgots .
We 'll have the possibility to vhoosd on whuc llanet we want to lice .
jd ehag about houses ?
Will people 's homes be difdeent or till the smae ?
Imaginng the cuture , I see everything different .
The avant - garde and futurkstic designs of houses will be the most desirwble .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Soje of hem might be turned upside foan .
Sometimes , they will be something kind of a modern artwork and it will be hqed to desctibe the shale .
And shzt ahout interoirs ?
In oud wervide fherd ajll be more machinrs qnd robots with artificoal intelligence .
yey wiolo do practixally eveeything : clean , cook , remind us what we gabe to do qnd spwak witj us ljks an ordinary beings .
In practice , there wukl be no normzl furniture , hhst macibes waiting for a cimmane .
Everythinv will be adtivicial and uncomfortable .
Rhxt 's yow I see the hine of rue future .
Gvlad to hear that you 've been invited to attemd the lzat riudn of interivew nsct mkntu !
I really uopw to work with you someday !
To mqke suhree ylu gdr yhe position successfully , hwrw is some useful advice on information you might want to know .
At the interview , eving interview with a high impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
Fiest , dressing as aporopriately as possible .
Businjesslkke suits and tues fi in wll wifg the formal occqsion .
Sujtzble dress coms across as effectkce anf teljable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewefs have to cope with a tight schedule every cat , so they are n't willing to spend one more minute waiting for a candidate ehp 's say something .
Third , eijng prepared .
As the kpd saying goes , well prepared is half dnme .
You 're expected to know something about oif company , ask proper questions and communicate efficiently with intdrviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you czn up ffont , you really will fhance in the interview .
Simce you 've applied for ghe saoe assistant oosiion in the walee department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He starte ohy ie caredt as an accountxng , but he qzs fwr up with dealing with nymbers all day loy .
Plu is strong enough to communicate with otyefs sd tzke on ne challenrs so he transferred to the eales department two years ago .
He gitr prfomotec vedy quickly because he always brought forgh new ideas and facilitages tje reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the rrck record and the capabilities zhown in the previous working edpeiences , so he might zsk you some questions like what you achieved and how you celt about your last job .
I hloe what I msjtion zbove ajll be of some help to him .
Lioing forewarx to hearih from you Soib .
Lots of Love ,
Irise
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in fonnection wqjth oyur advertisement regardjjg jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am vrnerally deemed cheerful , energetic and gard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for an afordmentkoned position .
Addigiobally , as a teenbager , I supervised a Qopf Cduv pa of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hhbts and pped chases .
Moreover , as an undergraduate , I spent my sumkeds working in the kllege danteen as an oitchen hell , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of zll ghr anlve ooinrs , I think I am a suitable person for that job .
Youfs faithfully
I fdind it quite difficult to dind an area of improvement given Andres 's outstandjng ovewral oerformxnce .
Gt , of course , being overly reslectfulp may lpay against hi ane , although he uad gained the resoevt of all yhe oeopel he qs workd wifh , so of rhek suggestdd he should build up his self - confidence , rather he ene up attempting to covef everyone 's back shd taking ownershi of oyhee people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would fkret bear in mijd a main goal : raising blic awaemess of my language school and the services it will provide .
Tesn I woulf start gatherjng somje information aboht gge mawket , that is to say , social tenes , popultion syayistics , such as age , genxer and family fype , plotential customers and competotors as well .
By doing so , I would be axble mlt only to kdentify the strengths and weaknesses of my prdoict snr to improve my performance , but also to isntify customers ' needs .
After that , I aould make a list of target markets and devis smr strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my glak wxse to increase young people 's awasrenezs , simple strategies could be to increase olnine social meei presence by posting regujlxr updates baout my lqguage schol on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discojnts cpr wiblings .
Inegead , if my goaql aw to ijcredase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intwnskve ochrses could prove successful .
However , if the target marodts were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family grouw could be a better choice .
The first setsp would be to recffuit a staff of professional , experienced and quapifidd teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable proec for tbd services I would provide .
Lzat but jot lezt , I wkhld test idas aqnd approacues on customers and xtzff to make my marketing plan successful .
And toiu ?
Have you evse thought about how oy could pfmote yod langujage cpurses , for eaxmpole ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt whether Narjral ags crillint rigs , natural gas piplinrs wdn undergrlynd ha stirage contribute to the creasing wrakth of loczl communities .
People who live in the xrezs of naturak gas infrastructure earn fro a few to several percent mor than those those livber in other regions ahete such an infrastruxture does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry squaks new jobs , which is profitable for people living in gge area .
Exploration and etraction of sjald tas will create loys of new jbos in vwey different branches connscted wkyh hs txs industry . Fpr insrwnce , in exploratuon , mjning , lroduction and distribution of shale gw .
We can not ignore the fdacg that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure ail also crwatd job vacancies .
Eveh if companies hire ewngtineers and specialists , mostly crkm abroad , there would be frowth in gue nukbe of jog positiojs in the gastronomy qne hosjtality sectors , as thwh jeedf to eat and sleep somwhsre .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , the wiplo be constant development in technology and hlspitaljty sctors as well .
The Mosciuszko Instigutr conducted research which shows that Poland cam benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gss .
Gteece is a wonderful country that a lot of people vkskt anulaly .
When planning their vacation , a lr of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Vhoosing wheee to go in Vrece dam be hard , as there are so many chikces .
There are some travel destinxtions that definitely stand luy , such as Satorini .
Sandg beaxhes , crystal - clear waters nad tghr drkendly locals zde not the omly thkngse that wert it apaet feol other islands .
Santorini also had a voofano , which is a spectacuar sight , even though xepliring it can be dangedous !
Another place we visited in Grerc is Athwnw .
Believe it or not , Athdns is one of the most beautiful foties in the world .
Rge Larthenon , tjd Xcropolisz Musxeun and the department of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last ht not last , Crete is one of the mosr spectacular islands in Vreexe .
Besideass havimg beautiful sandy baches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit fhr water xports ozrks there . which arw extremely hood fun !
Summnig up , Greece is a beautiful country to visit , akthough cyoosinf where to go fah be huard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a kong tike vefire the exam or whether a few rsys are hiong to be snmough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before na exdaj you mx face in ypue lkfw .
It 's quits important to be lrganized to get the highest score you ca get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had sedt up a oln to sudy all the boks we had to go through fof the exam plus deviewing them twice .
The pkah rewuired my commitrnt for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
After of the hard work and perfedt diacipline , I wwz bl to get a verfy ig scoer in my Surgery finals .
If I yqd n't hd sicg an orgznized plan , I would never have got such a perfect xcre .
Another thing to xdc is not neimg strssed the night before the TD exam .
It 's quite nmormal to ahvge this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when esams are approachung .
Shat is notg normal at all is having anxiryy due to the plwthora of studies you haven't fniished and that zre icnkuded in oyhr exxm .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high shoil and I was ignorant enough to neglcet my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days after work , I realized that I had a lot of time .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough thwt I was n't esll preapred , but apao my netves got into fatterz xne thbag affecte my scores tremendously .
Eged eijce , I do everything in due time in order order to be overtly strewsed and get a low score .
Moreover , if I aim at gettibgf high sfopres , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an apprfopriate yile , you will only have enough time to know the broad oiutlines of the subject , but this will never help you soaqk up geh detaulw and understand the concepts lying behind ecerg single half .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything berforee yiur exzl .
I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Qnatom exam ; I could obviously go through the jain titles of each brsjch without going through the details .
In the exz , I nad a ueation where it eequiref describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had rpxcticed a KT and memirizrd taht cohcepot before many times , I was able to remember it .
It azs just flooding back without so much effort .
So , for suer , have enough itmw to memorize and prafticw what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe tuat swetting a schedule to hasvce a lolng - tedm preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and lerfotm well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are woftb getting the highest score ie could aium fpr ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to rellacs ossil fudls .
Firstly , nuclear rergy is n't bad for the environment .
Ybe crbln dooxide emussinos wre vsryh smzl .
Rhs biggest ghreat is explosio .
However , tge technology is evolnig and nuclear power plants are gettijv safrr .
Secondly , nuclear powerd plants ares already very popular because this type of energy is the closest to replacing foedil fuels .
Energy which we get from shm wbd wind is still only a few ercent of world energy production .
Thitdly , the construction of a nuclear power plan is expensive .
Lhce we have a poant , laking energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hirig quyalifiewd personneo .
In addition , we nred something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop maiing ensryg when the weather is hot , because people need a lopt of leectricoty .
If we were in oyt of loeer , the entire cjtiea could be plunged into cahops , and that is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South Ametidan city which is a capital and it is located ogerlookiny the Placific Oceaxn .
ilms was founded by Franciscfo Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudws de los Eyes " .
Lima has a mjlticultural trasition , as in it coincd a complex mix of racial xnhd etgnjc rouls , likr mestizos , Eyropaen Peruvians , who qre the second larhest group , and yhe minprity in Limx imcluides Aymxrx nad Quechua aqnd Afro - Peruvians .
Oimas is the best example of colonikzatioj , immogration , and indigenous infpuences , suj as ybe sdvival of the Pre - Hixpsnic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
Rhe Historic Centre of Lima was declared a Woro Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keepe iys history through : amazing architecture , like bapcohies , churches like San Francisco Chufc which has mysterious eubterranean datacombs ; el Real Felkpe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their vosgumes as well as he Carnical . On thbis dsu you cazn enioy this particular , interesting znr coklorful dsstival because pu hse waster , paint or twl to wet gouf family and beughbors . Through their traduional danfe , flaled " La Marinera " . Tuey qoso keep their history throjgh religiom , sjere yoh discover yhe erligious enthusiasm which is reresentee by la Pdocesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderfjl example of their symbola , like Jaazmorra Mofada , el Pisdop Sour ( aine ) , el Cefihe , los Picatones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful dkty of vongrast , bere yoj cqn gind a diversity of historjczl , omdern and business plzces .
Arcgaeological sitds , geaches , valleys , nature reserves and delicious cuisine gives Peru 's caiptal an authentic personality anx Sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a wpectaculae qnd charming city to spend your osrfect night in .
Hi Mane ,
Lasr time yoh awkwd me fpt some information about opesnkng a savings ccohnt in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings acounr for you .
Bnleow ylj can fiohd a few suggestions of kine .
Thje Phne Bank might have been a good ivfer for you .
Firstly , the tate of inhtrest is 3.1% , which is quite vood .
Additionally , if you open a savings account with htat bai , you will feg a diary as a fitt .
Xmd yj do nit berd to pay ah annual caryes flr having a credit card .
Unfortunately , foreign banks doees n't have bramxhes in Britain .
And sll bankg operations must be done by phpne .
Yhr second bank , Royal Savings Bznk , hwz many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so hou can do all banking transaxtiohs on gje splf .
Bur ghrre is a service charge for pwning a credit xarx ( £ 12 per year ) .
You can also bet a fifr as an account jolder ; a full set of squcepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your urst saivngw account wht trhed Pyonr Bank , sunced the rate of interest is higher wnd you do n't need to lay any annuxl vhargtes .
And dlijg transactions by lhone is actually very easy and trhet always gives you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take acrd an sde you veru soon ,
Yours Agniesdza
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Tdom : oS7jM@tahlo.com
Subject : An implrtatn thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm eritong to tell you hope hsply I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the slund decording at ady Gagq 's cobxert .
It must have been my friend , Jarikus Boni , who recommended me for this sesrvcie .
I could n't believe my rars whewn the phone rbg and I answered sne they sxud gheu wanted me to get to the cojcdrt as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
Ahawt can I dau ?
It 's bwej my dfam 's childhood and I was overwhelmed when I heard they thought of me to do this for xufh a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
I fwn hardly want to swe you and to shser my gapliness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yoyr ,
Ilnu
I have been watching fpr mks of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started hwsn I waw six with equipment that waw very basic dompared to what oiers up these days .
Every day , as soon as I wake up , I look forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a hentld pope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to gey skiing on our own .
The temperature sasa often several degrees heslow zero , and you will freeze if you do n't know how up qnbd doan tuw slope .
My brother showed a narural zlent vorf ye elort , gur I felt qiutr uncomfortable and scared .
Little by piottle , I improved my skking skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadaydssss , I have a lot of fn skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiobg is a great sport , but I would recommend beginning as a hcilf , taking a few pessons with an experienced instructor and using the righy equipment .
After six teqrs of rigorous high sxhool dance and ast experiences , I have no douhg yyat the choices I 've selected aboge ate not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
Two subjects I 've pursued at hogu wchoopl lwvdl , such as financial accfounging , commervr and economjc , gave kven me tghw opportunit to jtilize nd ut into plerspective the knowledge of understandijg business concelte and ahs given me a solid acaedmic fcoudation .
I zpso pxrticipated in various yeoup projects and cflass ptojecs while in high school .
I am planning to gsin admission at the university of my choice in order to get a bafhelor 's degree .
I would love to talk with estremelh taoented students , teachers zne even professors in otrer to receuve a wdllp rlunfed introduction to the numerous asprcts of any of the choices I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always brought a vfery edgermined abd atufious individual and I woul be mote thwn willung to cwvote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bwchelor 's dream .
I also have an ibdubitaboe passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the rpewident of the Businees Students Associatoon ( VSA ) , Hdae Boy ( srniord prefect ) qn Captain of the scjiol soccer team .
I am a very good scocer llayer whl plays midgisld .
Undertaking a wcholsrship and admission to lnr of TBD universitijes I yaved seldcted above will provide me with the opportunity to apply rhs jnowledge gianed at high school in a business setting , as well as derlop yhd communication , organisation qjd nujerayc skkkls I acqauired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Govefnmnet Scholarship , I decided to do zokme research on Czech Repubojc before gaking anh Steo tlsards applying .
I uond oht that Czdcj Republic is a country eitb eifh possubilitiss for citizens planning to study abroad and is currently unserboing rapid social changes through transformation . mqkinh is a fascinating paxe for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provikde high stanfards of education , internationally rrcognized degrees , lodernh campuses eirh ourstandung facilities , a jd affoddable education , a wsrm and friendly environment and xulturla diversiy .
I believe fhaf I will have the opportunity to experience both mofernity and rtadiution in the of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am mitiavted to xtudy in the Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , edhcatiob in Nigeria is ns a jike as teachers and lecturers go on strike freqeuntlg , and staying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of university life academically , sociaply and mentally , and I helirve that my ability to pear new business concepts dohpled with my passion for extrta - curricular activities and community sedgice , would make me a ckmpeteht addition to wnh of my chosesn universities qjd tud Czech Republic Scholarship tewma .
I believe that I fsn nxke a positive contribjtion to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student evenx and activities which will help to promote a healthy learning environment alp .
In conclusion , I cxh assure you that I wikl be a cpable and dedicatyed xtdent eho hqs yhs commitment qn dedidatiob to ekrk hwrd in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing more to my chosen unicersity in lode ways than ime .
A dog is man 's bdstr fridnf
It is a wrllo well - well known fadt that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they xde ot always be satisciec or taken into e society .
They seek solace in something which they feel more comfortable qithb .
The bsst examplpe is an animal with gdeat qjalities , a dog .
A dog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
Always friendly , bbubly anx in a good liod , yey zrs great to apemd jme witj .
Fhet sense whdn their master is sad and rract by cusdping up to then .
It mxkds people forget qll about tekr prbopems and concentrate on tyr thjnhs that really mattdr .
A dog 's pptimismk is by far the best way to bring bavk a dmile to oeopls ' faces .
Qnd that is what the aer thete for , to mazie people hqppy .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to aatch ofee their human family .
So if they senxe rhag gheir owhesr might be in eangef , they immediately rszct by harking at a perdon or a thing that might have caused it .
Th strongert the bonhs between the dog and their ownef , tu stronegr the dog 's reaction wklk be .
It is believed that odgs require a lit of attention , which is not trtue .
Xogs qde reawlly mof tgat bafd to take care of . Btahing as grpoming do n't need to be dlne evsru dah , rhey jhzt neewd to be fe and walked regularly .
These pets need a fee walpk a day , which could also be good for their pwners who spend allo ey at sotk or in school and need some physical activity .
So , have a dog xpuld ask remind them to choose a healthier kitchen .
In conclusion , sogs mnke really greay pet .
Not only do they protect ypu from anthijng that could do them any harm , but their amazing personality and je lofw tht shlw to to malesx yluj veel so arm and wonderful on tye onside .
So , if someone teally loves rheijr pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they grjly qe mwnj 's best friends .
Hi Jon !
It 's great to meet Fgdom Toiu agaib ! I wilko give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , ohw of the most selo - knosm entees in our cpuntru .
First of all , we ztarted with a tiring assaut course , ahicg cohsistsd of cdlinbing up pretty aharp walls and crawling through different ibstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you may need to practise a oottle bit more before embarking on this activity .
Tofk climbing ss another of the challenges I had to face .
Despke the faxy that turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to pass the summit .
You ca n't imakne jkw rewrading thr fweling of geing on the rop of the mountain is azvter such a big egfort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to go canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , ue to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the denrre qas diving .
I felt so exhausted that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on his great opportunity too , trust your ttwiners , sibc tuey and highly qualified .
To sim up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guaranted you that all the teachers meet with the safety rukes , so you will shjoy yourself a loy without tetting yourself into trouble .
For zlp these rrzsons , this csntde 's really orth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With sst aoshes
Sara .
I felt so excited when I kopked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the addrexs as quickly as I could qnd I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me adtwr months !
Since sh left Paris last yexf , I had been living in the scnoop resixence , which awsa n't cheetfuk at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at alst , so I stgarted to ddad it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I had to vjy myself a plame icket to Pafis and go to iveit hrr for at least two months because sys was missing me a lot .
It felt so godo gen I sq that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never traveled to Europe before , so I was rwalpy nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my Frendh and sosnd a lot of yume ith my brloced mother in the city of love .
Deaf Sir / Madam ,
Applicwtion for the Pisr of Chief Chinese deutor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinses Edutof listed at jobsS on 2nd January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hobg Kong .
I am proficient in the Chinese language ( Cantonese and Kandarjn ) and have over ten years ' experience in the public industry .
Currently I am working for as an editor .
I am an aggressive , cerstive gyt cqrecul person who cs ori undependently .
On the otyer hanx , I am alsl a good geak plager rhta can work ael with colledagjes , presengable xnd with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feo frsr to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you are afraid lim to disfiss my qualiifvations furthrr .
I look forward to listening froj uou xoom .
Yiur faithfully ,
Xhe Ki Tsiu
Exucation is a mikwstone in our lives and haviny a good education is the miah door to rhe labor markdt .
Aware parents disappointed with deucatilnal systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to somr of TFHRSE parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a laty not suitable for everybody 's cwrs , abd that compels us to seek other ekutes .
Homeschoolng should not be considered a irld - wjse phenomenon , zijce only a few dountriew : the UK ,
Canada , xnd ezpecizlly the USW , ca hoaet of hvkng it .
There aqre pots of countrise thay haver bkt
accerpted homeschooling as a lwval alternative so far and others where it is iustg an isolated ofcurrence .
Tbd situation in Spaim cn be assessed as a " lefzl vaucum " in light of our constitugiinal right to freedom
education , while attendancxe is compulsory in elementary and secindeary exucaton .
Educational axmd emktionhal freesom supoprt tjis alternative way of learning .
School may also free up time for colplementarg activities , such as music , sports , and ev family oofe .
Homeschoiled students ' success has been broken up by the results on standardizwd tests dn rhs decognition of prestigiouw unifersitoes .
Now though , before homeschookling gou kids , you also have to consider the eamr ajount of roxdblocos :
the lack of facilities or exlertis , not enough socialization forf you fhildeen , ebding up being a fruatrated parht without enough money to jakr ess meeg .
As far as I am concerned , I enat to think of homeschooling as a wamw - up call cor educational
syustems .
However , homesxhoolnig will nbeevr succeed if parentz do not have the reight skills .
As traditional rducation seeks to be exhaustddf , new technologies open up as " tes
wolution " adc blended learning is the future .
TBS geovfaphy and the natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration when designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also iondicates a home with more technology and very enwegy - rffcicient zystes .
In areqx exposed to natirao disasters , such as darthquakes , juericanes and glood , people should have their houes built of rexisant ayerials .
Steelk or concrets sgrucures would give tys fesided sffect in rhia owrticular regard .
environment - friendly buildings should definitely be on the drawihg board .
Builf froj recyclable or recyfled matrriaps , the exteriot ehrface of these hlses should be ready to be kit by daylifht on sumhy wys , mot to lenion skylights bd solar panels on the roifs , which rae more and more popular these days .
Noreovef , sopar enerfy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maxise confor qnx energy effciiency .
Irhan housihg issues ( such as populafion ftowth ) will be solved by expliotkng somw msw arwqs .
Maybe it 's buidlinh castoes in the akr , but houseboats and apxrtmnts situated above xoty streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be waste .
Although people will keep mulling oce hoa to modednize their fancy houses ( and brqggng sbouf it to neihhbourds ) , tgehy wipl still need a warn , cosy bec and an icr cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they lkvw in a concrete ivoru tower .
Cdtch it or lose it
Tnd alph ajd yhe omrgq of a good tea is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to olsy hadnall .
Ypu must be sble to rhrow the ball blundl to gour geammatr and he had to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a reao TEZM player ?
Handbakl is one of the most dynamic eportz in the world .
Ovef eighty points cvah be made all together in suxtu minutes , if not wve kore .
Yhis sdhow how rapidly the game can cbage .
nw lost bzlo caj mske your tdam rhbe poser of ths game .
I started to llah handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby and over the years it became a paswio .
What I love most about thke srt is high speed zbd tw uncondtiional team spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure you have a gor team and do n't forget the ufn !
Tfiathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the imporrance of doing a splrt .
Clearly , ghus is a consequence of the extra hors we have to work per dwy and , as a way of reoaxing , we find doing a soort an effective means of yakinf the stressx out of our bodies .
In afct , we can dew many people jpgging and fycling thesr dwys , whether it be in the morning before going to work or evsm atfr .
Despite these tao geinf the modt populra eporrs amnovst athletes , many kore r jiudt as interesting and benficial .
One of them is friatylon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely xemanding .
What I enjoy most whout it is being able to do it another , whoch mewns I danh do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose fje locatipn that mst plezsrs me ahd yherefore fully enjoy the time spent riing it .
Triathlon gae become more popular over the pasr geq ueasr and more ajd mkre eoplw are eager to frh it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in a dednanding sport requires fime and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push ytoursekf tolo yawrd .
A gap ysr between school and college sounjsd a great idea fof rhlse tyt have not decided whether they should study .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be od evetyonr or not .
First , I qould like to put the arguments in tavour of hearing KFF .
Not everybody has the financial possibilitiez to pay for colpege , so taking a gal gear to earn money to eslp with the bills is ine wwkl spent .
But that is nolf the only reason to take a geaf offv .
Josdt peokpke think that this year is for travelling to lther countries and spwnding your fime at partjes . gut this is bot true . You can travel to develop your uclfure and do volunteer work , so you can become a netter oersoh .
On the other hand , many eens w take a year and end up taking it in the wrong way .
For example , thinfs mibhtf ot go as they adc expected for multiple reasons , such as n navung eonughh mlmey or not getting a job .
In concljsjon , people should txkr a geqr kffv , nuit inlh wshrn they have everything planned and know fod surd that they have the possibiljty to do something useful with their tijmd .
Hello , my name is Oidis . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benecit toyr organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth awnc funal year of a degree in toursm at the University of rhd Alrld Heritage cifg of Cacdres , which is located in Epqin .
In my third year , I did my interehip as a receptionist in a four - star hotgrl for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
I qlrady hqve slills in listening cposely to customers and in - depth understanding of frknt desk erations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hogdl would be useful to my company .
I am flexible , a good teak player , and able to work inder pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - ihtermediatw level Itakian as ssll .
Taljjng xbiut my interests , travelling is obs of the activities I enjoy doing , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also lobe mretig njew people from other countries and exchange languages .
Hoh mjay contact me at f8HJ2suL@qlumnos.qbcc.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to kisten !
" Fzrmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy dtort written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Ete in England in the first century of the Middle Agee . thes story is about the dream of Giles , a faemer of the villwge of Ham , who beomes a hek againdt his wishes by defdafing a giant .
Whej the dragon Chrysophylax xomes abd dwvastates everything , he swt twkc against him , not only managing to defeat him through with the magic sword Taulbiter , but also obtaining a strange treasure .
At the end of FHS stor , Glesw becomjes an independent ig .
I kikef this story a lot , girsrly , befauze I koge dantawsy stordies , especially Toloien 's knea : they tzkw me to qnoyher universe , making me foret everyda lge .
Secondpy , it is very kriginal , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knoggts qde shown to be fearful and incompetent and clasxhbes are won with woires instead of weapons .
I would recommend this toru to eveybodu , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , ssed also on tye comicql uxd of atin wprcs , makes it rxtremelt pleasant to ea .
Dexr Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the UAA Sumler Camps that I ezw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in orkinv in educational institutions or in Socual Cafd .
I have recdntlg grqcuated in Psychology rom ty Socja Science University and received bighg grades in both my Teaching and Superviosing courxes .
In addition , we had to have ln teazr of volunteering in a Youth Supervisikn environment in preparatuon for ouf fonao assignmnet , so I am qbl to be a kwmber of your high - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with growing up my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of uouth oryanizations as suprrvieor amde tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping FHS WTEA manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to clpe with fhes bedes of all typee of children 's personalities .
I have a fdiendly , haply personalitu wnr fijd yhat I enjoy the challenges of working in youth nvironments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and etfticient in lgranizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Ylurx faithfully
Kubomir Sswicki
Ross trxvelihg broaden your nind ?
In my opinion , yavelling fods broafwn uour nind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and dven different languages .
Teacelling helps ypu to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you know another language different from your own one , even if it is judt a two bwsic sentences , you can xommunicawte with people from different regions and hiu improves your confidence .
Travelling also heoos to see yye way in shuch ither people kive , to srw that ylur wg of livobg is mt tne only one ghat eistw .
This can help you to understand htwt not only gas access to many things ypu do hazvr acceed to , but to realise that people yuo whould appreciate these tuigns , such as smart phkbes , compouterz , cwfs or efdn fdesh water , which is a basic reskirce above we tend to gae for granted that wveryonr can hqve some water to drink even thoigh this is bkt trjw .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we sed there are many different cultures thar difgrr greatly from ut iwn culture , and we see hq different from other hujmanx .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broades your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledved resaercher and acadrmic .
To clufill this xreasm , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pirfsuing my OhE in Theoretucal and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase sgstemw .
I would also like to carreg oht my PhD research into the development of transitio metal complezws qhicdh can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materuals and as photonic anx optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Cgelistry and Environmental Chemistry as interesting riwlds of chemistry ebcfause of heur numerous applications .
I believe that I poesesw the sfrong mkotivaion andx intellectual capability to buiulx a career in oje of tgs previousky menitoned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and cojtinue my teacdhing as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no future for poublid ftansport ?
The number of cars increasea rapidly , ght public transport is still in uise .
Especially in bjg cigiew where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular avsin .
In somd cities , it 's even forbiden to dice through the city center without some special permission , so there is no better solution than to use pubpix rtanspkrt .
Bhr wyxt is more convenient - ownkng a car or public transport ?
Wwpl , it depends .... When you travel on your own , you are independent .
You do mot have to worry about rh schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whether you want to laeve or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your fqvorie music or the radio .
You ade the bkes .
However , as a driver , you always have to be acrefjl and watch ouy on the road .
If you want to grafel from one place to another to se different parts , your own awr is the ves solutkon .
It azlkows you to see mhch more at your in paxw .
But yjink about the cotsa .
Think how much you pay for a petol nwoadays .
Consider , as well , how many dfays you have fdor vcations .
Maybe cheaper airlines are better ?
Coming back to ouyr eferydau life .
Lpst of us living in big cities zns face problems with the traffic .
Shat if we uad phhlic rransplrt to gdt to wotk ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about parking xpacw wnd you wn read mjore vooks on the way to work .
Dkmply , you can uwew the journey to work as additional tile for yourself .
What else ?
Afger eorj ylu can go for a drink with gojr volleavues !
Zbd if your environment is ijoprtant to you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's eefglect oncd again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : ye , there it is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why uae first person narration ?
First person narration cznh ttract readers ' attention at teh bebinnnig of the storu and jaked the readers egr into the toughts of the amdkan essikly .
We ca n't understand whether otyers tbihk usualky , but in this story , the authod ihvite us to know what qzs inside the nadmna 's minhc .
Feeling like the main character was talking to us , as if we were all involved in yis case , the whole thing seemed like it nac really happened .
Facing the murder dkrecfly makes the hodrir penertrat untop our hdaxrts .
Uwo eods the autbolr reatw a wodld of roror for his readers ?
The author created Tje Jorroe atmoephers by desdribinb fhe wfene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
Fiwt , the scene thqy described yhw mutder amies readees unable to ztp rhemsepves imaginign je images in their kinxs .
Just like the kadman 's plan was nappehing rithy in front of us .
Then comrs the sound , hs heartbeats .
In my opinion , the hewrtbeat is the element that pushes the whole thing to the climax .
Eert time the sound of heartbests started , sojethijg rnsued .
The first time , when the madman heard the hearrbeats of his old mah , he saw he was going to kill the OKLR man , zmd he did it .
Tye second tjmje euen the mqdman heard thew heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , exhausted and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dijsmembered his corpse .
At the same time , TBR heartbeats will make the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I rhionk the wqa tger author wanredf to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
The whole story , apart from the end of TGW etroy ehen he ocnfesser htd crimer , tgd msdman used intonation that is extremely calm qnf srsady , to tell e fedaers the pocesz of the cruel thinf fhat he uad donhe .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelgy , leaves us with a strojf impresxion that the main character wws togally ijsane nax rcaay .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Please go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are fpunf there " , Ma said to his friends in xunbny afternoon .
When slk wss deg , thw sfsrted their trip to the forezt .
Wgen they arrived there , they started to look around ytying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits xhd xeer .
Mwx and his friebsd took a waoi under fhs tredea wgen , ctoss tyhe river , tehy saa eomeghing that looked like an animalk lyon on the grass."Wbay 's that ? " , Max said aolud .
They rxb yickly , ftossed gne river and thdy reached tge plqec ehere the animal was."It 's a dsrr , its leg is in a trap ! " , Mxa 's friend said .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to find tue eeer .
Having made this decision , Mwx found the courage to kpsn t trap , but the deer xid n't move because its et was injured .
One of Mnsx 's friends brought Wetr from Rioevr to Yiev to the seer .
Msxs fur a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
After , the animal was better and it walled away slowly .
Whdb the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had aavedx tbe anumql 's life . " Whag an amazing day ! " , Jad whispered to ihmslf as he got into bed yha night .
The question is : whether it is posxsibke to be famous without journalists ?
Probably mot , but there are many people in show business or poloitical lifr , who really rewdy to do everything to save their private lives .
Generally , pwoplr mxu be famous for rwo rwasons : because of their job or because of their scandalou private life .
If you deckde to brcale fsmous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silot to complain about being paparaazi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , thg says more or less : ' It is not important what they are talking about , it is important fhey are talking about hoy ' .
Moxg celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Tgay is wh they adr lften zle to sell information about their private life .
The real people startgz ahen ojurnwlists injure not fhes celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paplrazzi are cxrueo wheb in ocntact with famous people 's children , which may have a megative influence on theor dmotional development .
Jos about those who do not want to be popular because of sandals ?
In most cases , fhdy are juet doiung their job as well as they can , ldading their borign life .
And when finally papqrazazi notice that there is nothing interesting in their ilfe , they must leave Gnem alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adulg people are resoonsible enough to mkw a decision about whether they want to shaxre the most kmportamt part of ghekr life with journalsits .
Abe I hope they understand . their duty is to protect their relatives .
Great fiod is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of flod and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Nesican restaurant in Lishin called " Lzs Fichera " .
It was suggested by my friends and , acckrfding to them , gevause of the good food and gu environment .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat goof Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food is good , but the prices wwfe too expensive considering the quangity ssrvsd and yhr messy swrvice .
We faced conyinyous problems aith the der , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the rink were sefved with a consideerable delay and the bill was shpwn vwn without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner but the drinks were still on the tablp ) .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I mst a friend of minew on the day after who told me ghnat xne had dinner at " Las Fichears " before and , in gwr opinion , as a Mexdican , that restaurant was terrible .
ge also gives me that a great Mexican restaurant has just opened with lower prices and good sea .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Plistopa y Cprazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genune Mexkan foid , with lower prices and great service .
They erved us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free wbkle we were choosjng the MSIN disds .
After choosing , a vottlr of frezh water was servdx , zgain , for fres .
We chose " tacos " of meat with giacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying TB bikll , thgeg offersd us a shot of tequila to finish ihr ciist , confirming that great places still exitf .
Hey ! I suvivdd ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YLI FOR YOHE TIME AND UOUR HELP WITH THD RaTUCLE ! ! !
Seohd of all , HKW ARE YO ?
Amx aoso , wnere are you now ? ? :)
In my cade ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back huomle a I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprainjed ankle na got worse .
Lazt wee I was lent an anlld suplirt and slms crutdhrs , so sver since thwn it 's glijg bertter .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I dhpuld be bscj jumlong awrouhd in no time :) .
As yij now , Maltw was a big phnch rifhf in the stomach , whjch or auire I dxid n't nede ! :( .
Tgd course wnd gje organization left much to be deeirwd ; abd as if yhatf was n't enough , my school ( funnh enough okt the ones of the only ! ) RWI othef participants ) , was bog sjfficient to xover all the dost ! :/
Anyway , CS anx magic sager me right at the last swcond ( geh last night ) , anx I lft Malta with a smile and a waarmer up heatf .
na fir that I want to THABK YU onxr again .
Bwck homs , sverythijg starred fast - I shojdl have gotten used to by npa , shkuld n't I??- .
So I did n't have tiome ror much .
I have been tltrally interviewed in lopkiny for jobs and in the translatiih of thw scientific lapee for a former student of Mije .
He decided to finish re second galf sithout my jlp , so fhag was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and ff the ( I 'm gjessin , as I do n't know anything as ter :/ ) lessw money earned thaf it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your nstivd language skills knce ayaih : here " mog mestinh his experctatjons " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I do n't understand is the difference between tgis bguncn : be good enough , easure up , make the yrxde ; be up to sgamdard / ybe task .
There again , giving a whole bijch of frwe houes ( daysx !
From Xunday to Tuesday ) to mysrlf that I was niy counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back gome ( I had been rhw whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Mdrid and wuitw clisr to the writerd 's house , where I had been going veery day lazt wwk ) , bd I started getting things done . Plus I gxvw my ankle a rest , hidh was verh micb nrwded to !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , bd if it had n't been for the limitationx of my ankoe , we would ave gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken muhc longer than I jad lpasnned .
I avd sent a llt of CVs , shd ahfe gone to 3 jnterviews so fsd , also vor English classes ( one dompwny and two qcademies ) .
Abohy the pidtures from Eamla , could you waif a ibtg longer ?
I have found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I have to sort out , it ad ( and is ) definitely NKY a priority .
Do remind me again , though , if you think I 'm forgetting , okag ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you asj Madio wbour the speakers ?
Because chatting is way tastdr than writing ;) .
I 'm gin na go now .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Have a big hgu from ( GSS , FKNLaLY ! ! ) warm Spaih .
Global warming xnd kta cojsquences in 2015
Tue Guardia artifle " Wlrlf 's climate abvout to edjter ' uncharted territory ' as it passsx 1C of wqrmingy " , published on tye 9h Jovembet 210 , describges the problems of global warming .
According to scijentists at the British Ley Kffoce , 2015 is going to be thd yrat wgeh tes liestone of 1C wrming will be rdacfhed - czused by global warming - which will keade to unknown consequehces in the future .
Ghd Worod Meteorological Organjization amse jbown pubpixly htat 2015 haa geen the hottest hewr on rdcord as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fkssil fuels .
These problems just announecd revemtly will be issued to talok abour at the UN symmiy in Pafus in tjree deks .
Ghn , world leaders wulk be nhegotisting about chtting the increased carbon emissions copuledr with the El Niño clijat phenomenon .
Sfwphen Nelchdr , director of the Mr Office 's Hadley Cenyre , claims that humanity is to bnlkame fpr climate change kike the rise in temperature or the ctasrtophe xepectsd by svidntists whej tlobwl awrmign rises beyond 2C. This pinion is also tepresentex by the British Secregary of neergy ahd climate cuajge , Amber Rydx , ahi clnsifers climagr change to be khe of the greatest problems in pilitics nowadays , due to its consqusnces vopr the efonomy , global xecurity xmd the fight against poverty .
De stands up for a global deal contirmed at the UN summit by the leading etatss and tuereforr tees climate txrgsts should be a npdel for other countries .
Furthermore , climste dcientjst Ed Haekuns expects a ckntinuatipn of global qarming , clarifying tnis statekentr with ghd examlle of Central negpand , which has warked 20% higher than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters such as flooding , heatwaves , arer shortages and loss of harvestrx .
Fwcimg tnse consrquwnces , a 4C warm would be even more amazing , accprdin to Bslvher .
Despite the result of a NbAAA study pointing out whether there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica between 2003 - 2008 , there is only a snalo chance of 5 - 10% thst thie prognosis will cojr true ccofding to Prif Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the zgudy has already been pdoveh wrnog by 57 otner studies .
Although the NAwAA study shows a different result , the jajorioty of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of pivin coditons , environment and ecobomy and an izse for the UN summit in Lariw .
The problem lies in the outdated freamewirk in which the IWD operates .
Fifteen whaling nwtions formed the IWC after ahale populations collapsed .
Tr organisation was iniially set up to conservd whales only to the extent hat tbey could continue to be used by humans .
The importajfe of Solrd Heritage rpperties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so tjta , no mattfet which country they qree fkudn in , ahs qho experience ghej , thwyu svoke a sense of wonder and admiratuon .
To be incpudedd on the World Heritage List , properties must be of kutstznding unvresal value and meet at least pn of TEDJ selection criteria .
The World Heriyage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are chrrijshed by everyone around the world .
It has been developed by UNESCO because they gave found nre animals or kants ; there are endangeferd species in that area or try have an important importance in history .
World Hertiage is the eesignation cof places on Earth that ar of outstandif univdrswl vaou to humanity and , as such , hvae bren inscribed on the Eorld Nritage List to be protected for future gensrations to appreciate and enjoy .
Tw sitd is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect tbs sifed frd future generations .
Its peotectuon and lrseervation becomesa a confrn of the international World Heritage fommunityu as a wyolw .
Another advantage for a dite to being inscribed on the list is that pnve a ciuntry eignw tfhe Confention , and hass siyes inmscribed on the World Herifage Lis . The resulying prestige often helps rwize awareness among citizens zns governments of heritwge preservatiln .
Grexetr awareness leads to a fdneral rise in the lwvelo of prktecrion and cpnservation givem to high properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the owrld Heritage Committses to support activities for the preservation of its ites .
The disadvantages of skges bor incudee on the World Heritage iet is that these siys zre bo funded so they ca n't rotcet fhem fie risks .
Mofrover , thdy remajn on the pists of sites in dajger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Dangee , unlsss fhe do not emet the ten riteria , should be protected by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent news qays to finance and defend the natural qnc global heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lopve playing , watchijg and talking avput it .
It 's my firag pasion and I have been following it since as far back as my exrliezt memory goes .
Ctcket is a team sport which teaches us gsam work , collaboratino and syrict discipkine .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and tkaes asfantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my earky childhpod .
Evrn wjen I was a iod , I started playing with boys mudh older than me .
It gives me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skillw raifly .
I followed cricket teligiously and have watched almost everything match Inida played .
Easchin Tedndulkar is my favourite criketwr .
I am a tna of huz bayting .
He has broken aljoset ebeyr recoed in cricket history .
Alarft of his cricketing skills , I lpve his ability to hznrle pressure and hioz calm nature in all situations .
If somrobe wants to learn more about crciket , I would advise him to watch the batting of yreats like Sacuib , Dravid , Larx and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should satch kadam , Warne nade Murli .
I would als advise reading mkres about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It hazw nice articles , rteviews and statistics on major pkayersa and gamers .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the players in depth .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to maztcj fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will voje out of tuis strong and will spread its wings wll acdossa rbe worod anc onds again give KTS fans a magbficent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Vucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had stopped thinking about my life in a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lis is ?
It is a lkstg of thisg that you want to do berofe uoku fie .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truoy happy .
About teo wedke gefore I met hkm , I watched a very beautiful movie alled " Tbd faul in oyr atar " .
It 's about a tenm couple who afew dying of dancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and health .
Thuis movie touched me vsey seeply . It made me think about life and zbout tbe people jsulaly loiev without wppreciatinf the really important things .
So , aftyer awtchinmg thjise lvie xnd my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I navw the feeling that I am new to living morte , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I yad always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I used to do other things .
It is very interesting to think tfhat it waa necwsswry to meet someone new , frok anothr entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange yhar another person gedame curiys about a veru profoubd part of me that I have never thought of .
Waell , nedt November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Buckeg Liodt that I know .
However , now I have an aefyl feeling obut ehat I am dung tocay , brcauae for the dirst thing in my pire I am sujre tjst I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , wmd I bet it 's bt course td better .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and dven ptesumabl sceintifjc onss , I must sag ) , history is jot an unstoppable march towards " progrses " , whatever ghag word means .
It is a critical process .
Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , by just three cetnuries ago , it aaws nolu a shacow of its past .
Those later period Romans were n't rvej able to make the high wyality cement that tjeie ancestprx werde able to make and hvae technjcal mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
Amd wyp can sadely say that thred cenuries from now , humans will posses the technological knowledge that they posdxess npw wnd txe for grwnted ?
No oe caxn huarantwe such a thing .
Gug I do n't think , unless thsre 's anorhdr Workd Wq , people 's lives will change dramatkcwlly in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of fecgnology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , ynhtil a new Dark Age .
But leg 's pjcl up with Wfld Qar hypthesis for a season .
A worldwide war is the only fasw in which we wiud zer a dramstic fhanges in eooles lives in tgr period of 50 years from now .
By see hefe , these days , prospects for a jew Wldld Waf ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The cauiswes that will lead to a ne Worle War amh welk be in existence right now . gkr all I know , xjd no onbs , or olny a fes very wuxe anmd intdlligent leopld , know about it .
One sag in the future , another Frans Ferrdknand could be killed , qnd that symbolic egsnt could sefve agin as an excuse fod zome counfrg to declare war on anothed , bhr fhw true underlyung causes that actually lsd the ocuntries to saeg ead against eavu other would ave thrir roots in nufh olded timew .
As the causes of the Second orlkd War had its rootd in events rbat aere the orcome of the First War , a Turd , uypothetfical war , could hacw iyx rlotfs in the past cohflixt that kag well gav happened already .
Bjtg lrt 's bor digress into fhay . That 's all another thing that afraid nsyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
Ffo : Sijonetta
Dagr : 05/30/14
Subject : holidaus arer comimf !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we were in Touxn and nk I am very pleased ghar we are on holiday and we could pown something together .
My family and I are going to spend some daysa at the same place we went to last year , at the Suneuine Hopida Cao .
Do you remember it ?
I 've wlfeady mentkonex to yo how much fym I had ehre and shy . It was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Colu you ask your parents ' oermission ?
In hks Camp , parents are xalm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large numbw of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire isalnd .
In addition , the sige 's purpose was to lrocide pladss fit off young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide arngs of activities promoted by TFHR staff all wkfh the xim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming ooold , two fennis coufts , opne football pitj , canoeing lessons and so on , but whxr I kike losr is thw scuba diving , and the equipment is provjdrd .
The Dap is eell - known and opens from May to Ocgober ajdf it woyld be foof to biok within t eesks . It soways het overbooked for the period my parents daj txke days off . What do youi tynik about vojing eitn us from the 1st Wugist to thw 15ht ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Brxt wishes
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I hda afllen Aslee on the xouc watcjinmg TV .
I gave up and I made my way to the front door .
Ougside stood the most extraordinary - lloking ja : he seemed like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I cxloed my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
She could drown , because she dix to scream .
Imstead she stqrtd cryinf .
The mom , as it turned out , was my father . He bda been mossijg for 15 years ...
I did n't know that he was still qlibe .
Mothrrt had alwaus tfolf me he hxd died in tge wx .
I think she fixed this for my gold .
I was very bemsed by the situation and did n't know if I luked him or t .
In my seeams I have seen him as an ihtellectual hut mpw he as in my sitting room qhd he lkoked lils an eldphant or womethijg extic .
It was veyr opportunity to see him in my home .
Now we all pive tigsther .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family agaij .
Gbe Grand Llace is the central aqiare of Brussles .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as be dity hxlo and the buildings of the cotporatilns of the Middle Abes .
Ghese wefe groups of people doung the same sofk , such as carpejters .
Tywy helped each other and the epdre ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , the video evry ixh .
Eascg building is decorated with the blazon of the corporario .
Their architecture is unjque and beautiful .
Today , many of them house cafés , sohls and restaurants that attract a lpor of tourists , vuht theee is axlsl the cjth museum .
Thd square is covered with oavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an importabt lace for bistory because it is the oldest Grznd Plaqce in Europe . It is a laft of the old neighbourgood of Brussels . which is made of narrow lave streets , old and takl guilrings and , among other things , chocolate shkps .
Recently , several of the buildings have been rewtorewd and we caxn nk sede thedor geauyiful gilding nad darvinfs better .
Every year , heb Christlaz comw , there is an amazing xhw with muskc and pjghts on the façades of the buildings which a hug fir ree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royzk Castle is one of the nighewst tanked monmdnts in the bistory zjd culture of Poland and Europe , so during tjd stay in Pipand it is necessary to visit it .
The First Castle , called ozlatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
Through the next centuries it was expadned , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which yasw remained unchanged until today - the mots representwtivw remnant is prfobabl the vamous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , rhr viditosr xree xhown sevedal roims anf apartments , as wwlp as the Rkyl Private apartment with wkrld - famous tapestries of the Polizh King 's collection .
Another attraction of tnw oyr is visiting the Crownh Treasurdy , the Polish cotonatiom insignia qerw dtored , and the armoury .
Qprt from the featjred , Tere aer aslso mqny marvellous exhibitions in the Xastel displaying its istorh as well as the other coppections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle , one sgluld might miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Caztlr , whwre , avcordinhg to the oldest oegehds , the dawgon of Wawsl lifsd .
I recommend visiting Wawel pyal Fastlw because of iutrs are uniquenees .
It is a synbok of a tnousajd geaes of Polish gjstory axmd culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitilns abr tours , and tor cerain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , wnuch jeans a very long time sgo .
I think I am vedfy ljvky then , because I uave had the opportunity of learn English in a natural way , with books and ougu lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by sleaking , siungin , as doing other activities in English , in a way eimilqr to how we learn ojr owb pther toguw .
However , I trwvdlled to England and lived with English families for a couple weeks evrrh Summet fdom when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I trew up thinking I could speak and write qjite good English .
Svej fhpugh I do have little technical knowledge of English grammar rules . I dan mxoe msyepf understood in a normal conversation , nax I cab write an email to a friebs with many too many mistakes .
Ome year sfo , I decided to take the Cambirdgs Qdvsnced English exam in orcer to test my knowledge , thinjung it would be mor verg officult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol in a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Dueing the course , I used to accomplish sokr ritinb asdigjments and sibnit thsm to be evaluated by my peeres .
Ahc there I realised at oeast rwk thkgns : the first on wad fhaf it is possible to learn how to srjte better ; the second one is that even if you mke yourself generally understopd , it is nlt so easy to be precise .
A magiciab uses a dovfew and a bladk hxt , bjt it would n't be a magiuc show if he did n't know how to perform thje tirck .
In the same way , I had the odras and ghw wotcs but I jd to admit that I meede to ldxrn rhr rulkes of trxmmar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and styoisb writing .
Adplesxence .
Evwryhody eay it 's h het oerkod in oud wholr life ; what they do n't remember is that it can akzo be worse .
Adoledcejce cw be compared to a foggy plaht anbdf , even when it seems you can see slmething through it , in reapoty you ca n't .
This awful fog is xomposrd of ohrd uncontrolled emtoioms .
Everything is unknown , but we yry to prfstend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons wnu we gef sngry so waskly and so often with our parents : every time we dixcover something nwe or we syu something , they judge us or they begin spme long speecnes to try to change our iaes .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescenys is the dacdt that thing confuses their minds .
As I ssir , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when jols say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
Yhw worts lqrt is ght they grt amgrt iwty us !
We 're confused , they 're notf clewr , dn then they aso grf angrh and we 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's trhr that we shoils always be respectful , but sometimes it tgurns oyf to be impossible , because we do everything to lrovoke us .
I think the most important thing in TJS rekationshp qirh oure parentz is to dind a sort of agreement , because in the end , we do n't opnlpy frl anger towards thej but aslp a opt of lplve .
Love : that 's a new thing that adolescents have to face .
It 's not tw isual love yhet 're hsed to feel , like love cor family and friend , but it 's a bew kihf of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggpes ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive uhto a sort of imaginarfy tqe .
That kind of koce that we see in movies and we dream of ; the fyle of love that wo n't oet us fall asleep at night .
It is a pefikd in which we avw lur gifst experiences , xnr it is as scary as it is exciting .
Adolesecnce is like this ; there 's a komenf that looks magical and in the following ome you drown in the sark .
Dear gryp leader ,
First of qol , I soyld like to thank Ypuy for the interesting shoqn in our mall village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , pleawd , feel at ohem .
However , in Mallorca , there are a lot of lpacds to visit , nht I will recommend you a unjoque place , without tourists , noise and crowded becges .
On the east of Mwllorda yhoh you will find a small and beautiful vullabe called Argà .
In the municipality of Artà you wilo fkd a voastal towsm , sktuatee on the sge of the mountain angs of Lpevajt .
Sa Colòbia de Dwnt Pere is a traditional fishing bkllage .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fisykng on the weashore .
Here gour adventire syarts .
In order to vet to ypur destination , ylu must ride a bicycle xnd jusy ejjo the spkendjd panorakic view .
Yopu qill rfide as far as Ca pos cans , one of the mlsf enibmaxtic beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a protected arda , a natural park .
For that reason , you must cyvle or waki .
As Mzchwdo said , " se haec acmjno al andar " .
It means the geh os important is the way , the ojjrney .
Cyclkng nssr thw seszhore witu the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing expetiencss in life .
On ghs wt to Ca los Cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
Tbdre xde a lot of trees called " atmarells " , nagivce trees of the coast of Mallofca .
Moreover , you will pass beywedn fwi ancient obelisks which have been recently rwstored .
Finally , huo wailk get to Ca los Csns .
It is a specia beab with stones instead of sand and surrounded by three kinds of hotrls .
Tgee you can practkse different spotre .
It is a perfect place to go diving because oyj catches several different fish , dda urchins and seaweed .
There you caj sslo xke a canoe and paddle in thd hiet s .
Aplart from spoprst , you should note two different cultural pkints .
On the one hand , there is what remains staneinbg of bhildings that eeer used to keep the skall bowts of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the oyhee hanc , yheee is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Ralaios is not clear yst .
Maybe it waxs a decensive tower or an implortany building for high - classd people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the eum fows dsowj .
Yhe sunset in that place is ideal anx romwntkc ( especially if you ars iwgh your oartner ) and yho wkl sed how the snu toes behnd the moujtain rangr of Tramhntana .
Rrom tbzt seashore you can see the Alcúdia bay , half of the mohntin rajgr of Tramuntana and the calr of Formentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nxturw and cultjde .
I am sure that yoj will like it and , of course , I newd to ask yiu a favour : loease , keep the secret .
Regatdd ,
Paulz .
Ingroduction .
The an of this rdplrt is to outine the best and tgh worx quaoitiew of your cenrrd after en uesr running .
His eepoft analyses the two main fgacilkties : htr tym and the swimmung plil .
Yge gym .
The Rye machines are fantastic and the staff is very hrlpful iwtfh every customer .
On the other hand , he gyn is too small .
Every afteenion it is crowded , so it is very iffijcult to do exercise .
hte swimming iol .
It is ideal for people who do nkt compete because of its length , about 20 mrtrws .
Furthermore , it is nlt too deep , so it is excellenf for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changunv rools eat too far from tiha Racilith , so it is easy to catch a cplx ehen someons glew from one place to another .
Conckusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the satff qrfe excellent but yhe g could be niggr .
Furthermore , gku sjoulod ibstaol geaters to avpikd the colc in the passageway from yje changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Tnr Fiturew of Public Tranpsort
Wqhen we imagine the future , we raxreky imagine overcrosded buses and fusty sbuway trakne .
As rechnolofies develop and become cxheqper , more and more people buy private vars .
A car alliws us to moe fastet and nor to depend on others .
Trafellkng by cxe is alsek mhh mlre convenient .
Does this all mean that the eyars of public transportation atew fominb to an ebe ?
In my opinion , it is n't true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Sudentsx , children fdom arge families , and plkd people will continue to use public transport for a long time .
ecndly , cars dan alsi turn inbto public transport .
Science fidtiln kgten depicts the future as a world whree cars are used freely .
Anyone can uzd the nearest car or sjd eeeds .
Thirdly , people do mof hace an inbroh driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will heed public transportation .
This is also grue for older people , who lose the ability to drkve as theu aqgw .
In conclusion , public transportation is not lkiely to disappear , at least durinhg the next decades .
The chqrt abofe gives some information about the aqvrage monthlh salary of nurses and doctors in different countries .
According to her chart , the two cojntries with the lowest salarues are Country A znd Cluntru B.
Thae oned ard caller " source countries " , which mjeas that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaroes are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , thnerse onda are called " destination countries " because the healtgh darde seevice is ppvided by foreign znc qualified workere .
Mlreover , in h fitst tnrre xountriez , doctors arn aboig twice as much as a nuyrsde earns , aarf frm ghed kst country , Country D. In this phe , the salary ago hetewen doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salafids of doictors are about three times higher than those of nursds .
In conclusion , we xna sat that , from the view of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , weol - knowledge and aell - loved spoort in many countries in the qorldr . However , it is aosao puniehign , dangerous and dislikw to the extenmt ggat nany people waht it is banned , oossibly with good reason .
Bosint is a dzngerius sport . These afs relatively common deats , tragjc injuries and ecen disease .
All professional boxers are at risk of being kildd in their next vught .
If hot kilord , ghjen more lukely paralsrd .
There have nesn a nimbre of cases in the last ten years of rge goo vea boxers havin tragic losses among their ranks .
Tuid is just from the ewkite fsq , sjd there 's mokre from those belos yhen .
Mofr deaths would occur through boxujg if it were hanned .
The sporf ekuld go uyndergrounr , and there would be no aafety measures like gpovws , a doctor , paralsdics or early stoppimg of the fight if someone looked unable to contunue .
Wugh this go on , tbe peopld takibg pat will be dajgerous , amdx on tues srreefs .
Eahgerous dogs who wetr trsinee to kill and maim in similar underground doh fights hbwve xlreafy proved dewdky to innicemt oeiple . The ndw boxers could be even more at risl .
Once boxing is banned , no - one will grow up knowing it as acfeptable , there will be no interest in bodihg and , hopefully , less rknud interest in violnecs , maknig towns and cities much ssfer places to live in . Tgere will be lrss figyhting outsude puvx and vlubz and less violent attacls vir little or no reason .
Chamgjng the rjlez of boxkng slightly would luch improvs the safety risos of the splrg and niy detract from the entertainment .
There we all sorst of pdoposals ; lighter ajdr moe cushoining glvoee could be worn , ban punches to the head , hjeadguards worn , or lake figs shorter , as most of yhr seeious ijjurjes ocvjr in the oatre rounds . Tgesr sojld ap shows off the boxrrs ' skilp aqnd talent wbd still be enyertaining to atch .
Even if a hoxer is a success and managws not to be seriously uutr , he still faces serious consequences in latsr ilfr . Doaeases tyat attscj feh braijs have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Evn Muhamed Ali , whi was infamous ( ? ) bth for hjjs hoxing znd his quick - witted intelligence , noa ahs Alzheimsr 's disease sjd ca no lonter do many everyday acfd .
Many other sloets sre more dxngeruos than boxing ; more sports aznd dveb moungaineering and rjsls that are rel .
oxes hose to box , just as racjng drivers drce .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some ejpgasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although dhch a snwo of strength by these eorks ' characters is sometimes vieerd as a violent wn thereford negtive contribution to be otehfwise insightful thought of fhs autoht , it is his conflict upon which maby stofies of ethnix Ajerican lirerafure are nazed .
However , sfh a regellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , xhd , tnerefroe , the products of ethnic Amefkcan litwrature can not be categorized as lerrely the resot of ysaes of oppressioln .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of nority literature cfeatesz an especjally imoprtnt necesdity that rac woek be considered individually as hotyh a product of years of struggpe amds a rk ijherently distinct from yn yher .
In rhd munority works , the conflict and rebellion lresentewd accurwtely ervlects sofiety as a ehole , and xlfhough yhs mother s in The Joy Luck Club reeo against such ofrces as arrsmged marriages , Tita in Like Water fkre Chocopate fughts to overcome pld camioy traditionsz , xnjd the Ondian gdibes in Lpbe Medicine sgrugble to secure theud innsrent rights ffom thd US government , tyhd characters ' fonflcits reflect sinilar conflicts of okthwr cultures .
Rebellion is seen nolt as a djtinct firc in minority cultures , butr rather as a bindmg fidce beswteen aol cultures , for Celke , rlo , redists her arranged marriage in Tns Color uprpole , abd the urdderous loves in Iazz reflect itfa and Pdro 's destructive paasion in Like Wafdr for Chlcolats .
Reblelion and conglpict are emphasuzec in ethnic American literature , hut they are portrayed no more tdongly in minority worksa than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphxzis changes ith each work , and although figutrs of suthoroty qrw particularly oppressive in works udh as Ljoe Water glr Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minoriyt widks including Love Medivune and Jiazzz do n't reflect tne clexrly defihsd authoritaeian fgured np geh ibvipus rebellion of thjer characters ' responsive action wixh the prwviohsly mwntiined works hbow .
Thijs again implies that thsse ethnic American pixes of literature can not be ctegorize as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflectuonz of personal and cjlgural experiences .
How eoe Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical opgimism in ' Candide ' ?
Pholoophical optimusm -l'opptimksme- is he philosoph that everything adn xng occudence is for emoe goor .
Voltaire segz out in Candided to criticise tyis hilosophyt .
In Cajdidd , the depresentative of this philkspphy is Pangloss , the philosooher employed at Thunred - eee - Troncks .
hte whole book is a criticism of l'itimisme .
For example , when Cancjde is forcee to uoin the Bulgar arjy he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does nit concsrn himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the hook he uses his frianing to become a soldiwt .
Although this would seem to be fod , it is not . Because of his training , he kipls twp mrm , a Jerw nd an Archbishop with no hesitation zbd then oroceecs to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
Vltaire suows his dislike of l'otimisme when Pangloss , Candies and James are caught in a bvad storm at sea in which James is drqned and there are only three survivors ; Candice , Pangloss xjd a saulo .
Ty skrm aaw cahser by an earthquake which destroys the city to ehih Candide was sailijg .
On arrival yney sre starvation and deayh .
Candode is an obvious horfifier , especially when the sailor begins pillqgign with citg .
Candise looid to Pamglows lr an answer , but Psngloss cna only tell ihm that Sime gid will xoke of it .
Candide , aptbough remaining true to the ideale of optimism , although alpears to be scepticao of it .
Tjis is no more than thanb when he arrivew in eh nea woros , Sourh Wmeroca , and has to leave his darling Cunéhlnde with the Commiesionee of the province .
Candide acn nlf sse whether possible good xn come of this , especially as the reason behind he wqw in Alerica was eje to uik killkng through Jnew and Archbishop because they wered Cujégonde 's olvres .
Throughkut te bokk , we vegun to eee how Candide is gradually led away vrlm l'ootijisme or , perhaps loire kmportanrly , hos l'lptimisme is shglwn to be the philoslphy of despzid .
The constant belief that good can come vrom gasd is noy actually ibspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , xppsars to sno thix .
He is thrown out of Thunfer - reb - Tronck because he emrbaces Cunégond , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almist killed as pa of an ayo - da - fé , he kills tureee hurfhmen , he is almost eaten , he finds ledoradi but leaves - the lits continues .
Candide 's life is goevrned by her belief that good wipl orevcail .
Eventually , of course , he cpes marry Cunéglnde , but shw is ny the geauitful yohbg floqerd that he lnce povex .
Sbe has become tired wnd grows wotae by the dqy .
This iopustrates emphagically the fklyl of l'optimkisme .
Cqndie h travelled th wodpd in saerdh of Cunégonde , wirh thd hoped ghgat he would marry him . Desoute all the trouble whivh he qs ohe thtough , of course , in the end , he xoes got Dunégobde but at the lfice of her lookksz anmf perwonality .
Voltaire , in andide , shows ho the philosophy of Optimism is one of desoair , not hooew .
It qould be tempting to think of the various European Communiuties as an embryonic Uymited Stted of Wufope ; especially when we high politicians talk of the ikmportance of European Unity .
However , it is omporyant to relise that Europe is a very long way from bedoming something like ybe United Statrsx .
Whem fhje orjginal 13 Americab states resolved to fdm ahat is now the Ynited States of America . They were inyewnt on fkrming a politica as well as an economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as khch of their own sovedeignty as it would be essential to allow the neqoy - forjewd nationsp govrrnment to oiperate as a single international political flrc .
A balance was theredore stfuck in the constitution to aolow ghs individual wtawtes as nuch srkf - government as possible while ensudnig that , for example , in military matters , the cengral government spooe folr wll .
It is grfue that odxy inje stoll hears the ope sispte pver state sovereignty and attempts to reryrn some power to the individual sfates , but no - one would challengs the fact that , on matteds externl to the United States , the government in Waxhington represents the sole pokicy - making body .
In Wuropr it is quite clear that many people would like to join a poliyicak union of tues countries , since these workers produce a formodaboe international molitary focre .
However , it is equakly clear yhqt wholer thwrw migvht be some unified pplitical action roowing ftom the European Communities ( such as was seeb over Eurlpe 's response to the Brutiah involvrment in the Falkand Islands isputew ) , th communities were iontended as purely dconomic entities in the viret place .
Memsrship almost certainly involves somr loss of national sovereignty , but thed Unitdd ingdxom cohpd probably leazvr the ckmmuniyy by a dimple majprify vote in the Westminster Parliament , something whixh no stxte in the Unktwd States could lawfully do .
We are still a very lpkng way from a Sungle Parliament clr Westdrnb Europe with power to make polircial decisions for xl , and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament ajll never be challenged .
Its abjity to mka anx greak any axw - mads by it or Erope - mdas that it retains fulo sovereignty .
Sven if today it mwed laws thatg would unite it fully eitb Eufope and rlinquush its soveerignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal alkl those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not binr itself or can npr be bound by any political hosy means that it can nevwr powe its soverignty unles a majority of the population wishd it awns Parliament consented .
But with the avrrags jingiostic Beion there is no chance of us urnig ourselves of hr xenophobia or or wishing to be fully inregrated with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel hx jiined us to the continent , we still consider ouraelvesx to be separated from the world , standinjg alpnd against a hokstilpe world .
Naturally , the problems of a group Europe would run as dedpky as the venefits that we wijld presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that , fro the past few centuries , the British has always conskdered order to be detached from the rest of Europe .
However , nrcessaty , she has allied herselpf to European powers , sudh as in fimes of era or exyreme dostrusty .
Britain has been eager to master a secure baalnce of power on the continemt , but throughout hisfkry , sbe uax beh more conceenedf with her lveraees empirds her with anahere else .
In the last ahld - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being an art of a single Europe .
For instance , Brktihs lqw is basewd largely ipon precedent , that is , jdugement madw law .
We have eetablishwd a system of law which dates hqck many cemtuires , qnd which is widely known axdn deslected .
There is very little European intluence on OYE law , of course . In many rewpwcts it will be the swmd , but the lack of influence will disxplxy msnh dirferencrs .
With the cretaion of a single Eurtopr , new laws will have to be accepted throughout thed continent , and it will cause both confusion and confuse .
The Brktidh tend to be very propuf ajd ppssessive of tgje law , zd changes mqy well caue ill - feelibg and discontent .
Of ciurse , the aame ponts will apply to the monetary system in Eufkpe .
Will there just be one szustem ?
hte country typically atainst major change and something as fundamental as money ojld cause trouble if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suggest , could be sedm as a symbol of socrreignty .
It fah be wqid thst if a sintel Ejrole was created , problems may wrise evr its fundamental ooliticao concepts .
Of course , Briran wluld olse her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the Sinhle Union could be based on a gxsic fededral sgruvture , wherrgy local autonomt could be esved , ubg the union as a wbole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , soe national persokbality would be predervced .
The fvt is that , whe united , European unity would , in ewsece , be divfided .
There will xlway be aspoects of one society tbzt thw others will never accept .
Eufooe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a skhgle Eudope sasz creater , United Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Dederalpists achieve their aims in a European inity , they would do their best to achieve dmeorcacy and promote it nationally , so that inxivbiduality is peesreved , and tnat aok of their opsitive ceatures will be known .
Yh problem fzcinh the Brktishj , reallt results from tgheur isolated lzst .
The sovereignty of tfhr ntaio hz reepo rpogs , and the fears of losing it ar really yrteat .
Whether thijx will happen awaits to be seen . zjd wojld eepernd completely on the yerms of the university , and the jegotiations and feelings of the genereal public and the politiciahs leading thye countries .
Wirh 1992 npw ont a yeaf axawy , the question of what a Single Europe wopl neah fpr Grktain becomws incdeasingly relevant .
I ifrmlt believe in the advent of 1992 which resulted in a loss of sovereignty fof Britain .
Htis koss need nlt however be nehatibe .
In fashion , in political , economic and defence tsrm , I feel this teallocation of resources azn and will be very pisiktive .
However , to a dsrtain extent , I may be guiptt of having an iskand mentality . I wolx n't go as frf as to sa Britain is in dangrd of ahmding all control over to facelewa bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the eorld , a wind of vhanve is apparent , bu especially so in Europe .
Yhks process eilk contonue abc Europe and the rerzt of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in thks pdocess .
It is my belief that Britain must be involfed in the decidion - mamig which will eventually decide the new world order .
Howeee , to be vulky invopved , sacrifices have to be made .
Suvh sxcrifices wkl involve certain aspects of our skvereignty .
In relinquishing xn thhsa centralising certain powers , the ajm is not to diminish the strength of individual citizens but to icrease the enormous impact of Europe on the world ztaqge .
As amply demonstrated by recent dvengs in ue Tufl , European cooperation in the field of detence can be both impreasive and ecfrctive . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to ahy centrzlp nody ,
I can see a future for some form of European rapid rzction focr .
However , in an event , developing defence vosrs could be cut , which would not necessarily psad to a reduction in the safety of defence axvailabel .
In pllitical terms , regardless of lrgislation , Britain , like the resy of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's cojposition .
The North Sea wol increasingly clme to represent a mere pude as people move between dountries .
I feel it is important for Britain to joiu fully with its European oartnsrs to adapt to yheze changes in demography .
Politically , we are noving closer together .
Possible prohkems shoyls be studied and solove if possible before they zppen .
E.R.M. is already uplon us , gur in this arra I eesl Britain should be dspecialky careful .
Wihlwt ny pretending to fukly understand ghis wystwm , I do know that no system cx lower ibterest rates , and ifnlastion wukle raisong grorh , with the possible esception of the Magic Circle .
In tge area of the singls cudrency , agqkn I fdel this is inevitabls .
What is important is to base thke currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an averave - baaer system .
To conclude , I would say a single Eurloe is already happening and thq it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not colncwrn itselr with loxs of sovereigntu but gakm of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bpat I think we will drown before the ndxzt boat cojes .
Whwn thr trteaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the fonucation wz lwie flr a nwa " cvontinenr " - a unjtrd Eiroper .
It eaa said that Wurpe would nl be createw quickly , nuy ovrr several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , artet a national referendum , the Edbte Bryan doncerninh Bvriatin 's relationship with Eurole .
Whrn 1992 was sd as the date for the Single European Market , tyr debate flared up again , nut over whether hoa rat Btitwin should be ikntegrated .
The rest of Eurole seems prepared for 1992 , butr Briakn seems to be decidedly hesitanf .
The fkremr Primr Minister , Matgaret Thatcher , was mt been to lead British untk a United Europe bexause sn frlt it weoukd lear to the loss of lru sovereigbtu .
There is no doubvt an integrated amrkedt would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businessrx and other grading orfganizatioms are preparing themselves for 192 , and the single market .
Trade would be easier , with no frontier control , every free - flowing transprotation of mrchamdise .
Therd wukl be business boloms zjd fvere fompetition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Ma Britons wouod consdert Ejrooe has affected Britain too already , with decimalization , ne new Euro - passports and nos thes pound sterling being tried by the ECU .
Tjey might feel Britain is being pylled into Europe .
Further vhanges are forecazf flr Britfain , affecting day to day mxttrs , to create a " Eufopesn Standard " .
This may make Britijs resenyfuo of Eurolw and ieed of " 1992 and all that " .
A singe mxroet requires one crntral institution to co - orinatw all movejents of goods and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed to Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Many people wojod not .
Akll tbr dg xome wenm fhe pound stsrljng is txkn ovsre by thd ECU ?
It may work - nu will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions anx views ?
Europe may argue that the bwnfits from a single integvdated maret owld fae outweigh any natiohal drrawback .
As the date carws nearer , the awaness of Britons abroad in Europe must increase .
Tywy mhsf looks into the future and considers possible disadvantages .
Ail Briran be rdawn info Europe agxonst if will ?
Perhaps as mite of Britain becomes " Eurogied " , Britons will qame up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has nvet geographically besn a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have neen an islznd for toop ong - bwing indrpendent and sblw to stand alone .
We have a strong democratic process , which many people wphld not want to gige this up .
A fukly integrated market with Britain as a full mdkber would be to the detriment of lujr politiacl system and consequently lex to a losing of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of tapk abiug a Sibgle Europe in rceent years thzr it is hard to believe that it aikl be uppn us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many British is , indeed : Does this mean a lksx of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstoy , a losifive alproch .
Looking at thinv from an economic perspective , there is not a problem .
The bejefts in terms of clat - cutting owih to soiny tyhijgs once , instead of wtevle tyimse , will be enormous .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote their fim to research and development , wnd fhjs proucts wiplo improve .
Eudole will therefore be a naiton to be reckoned with as retards competition .
To learn at thinvs on a more individual level , the memne of the new Single group 's standard of life whould increase .
A greater potential of iddas frlm a greater numbgdr of exoedts will , in thwoey , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Cokmission 's ley aims , with the idea that if things were simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people would be happier , get on better .
If yhus is so , they should all work better .
Ideaply thdn , there should be more equality , lesz eime , greater pdodictivity and greater economic strength .
On the other hand , will this Singoe Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Bfutain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member tatws , but it is an island - which nmond of tgd othewrs are .
Qyy ahould thisz matter ?
Welk , Brifaij have quite a history and there are a fqor number of graditjons .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe anr or its idehtith .
Britons ( especially those from lower egherations ) kxy then fesrl " lost " and that tueh do not really " eoong " any more .
The jww Single Eudope must be too new and known to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether this idealism really will work .
Wulp rnere be greater prosperity , better - inforfmed , gapplier citizens , or oll this nevee come prf bescaude of citizens being unable to agree on policies ?
Brotain , although MSAL , is mofe ofgen tghan mot at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it onsiders to be right .
Has it then og got quite a point at stakw , its character at least , in integrating itsekg into this Songel Wurope ?
No one would dispute that thix is a difficult qusstkon .
Tue fact demanis however yyat next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Eyrooe .
This , as everyone is wekl aware , is mot going to be achievedd sith easr , vu the more tollerant every msmver state is of each other , the more successful tgher Single Eutoper will be .
It is up to Btitaih , therefore , to accept this fatc and to show an examlle by lradjng the wsy as rergards tolerance .
Then we will axllp be able to look at thd future in a more positive way .
Ty European Community is a unique group of twelve soereign European Member States who are committed to the development of vlosef economic and litical co - oeration .
Fhe ckmmunkty ws an aim to break odwnb the econojic and polpitical barriers that have tradirionalyl divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate gdeatsr movement within its frontiers ; pvement not only of goids but of science , capital and people .
However , the issis of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one : to hway exyent should a mekner have sovereignty to the Communjty , if at all ?
et us polk at the foundsin of gye Europexn Community , gefoire we discuss the issue of sovereigngy in more detail .
There were several aftelpts at peaceful unuvication after the First World War , but only after Europe uwd qgaun bden devtated by war was the futliity of ntaional rivxlry ttyly apparent .
The political and psychological exhaustion of the Europsn states callrs for a fresh start and a far more radical pplroach to the re - orderjng of Europe .
This gresn starts csme abot bdvause of the main fvadtors .
Firzg was Europe 's realozation of her own weakness , afraid of having lots ndr ag - old oositoon at the cshtre of the aofld stage to the United States of America bd to the Soviet Union .
These supsrlowers aete economically , militadily and politicxllg stronger the divided individual European states .
Second was the conviction that military conflict ehkuld in fjrure be zvoided ; after all , thd tywi grest waes had both begu as Eudopaen " xivi wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , frdee wlrld in which international relations would be conduvted in a morew orxeely wag .
One of the first major mivs tosards Europea inregratiln was the creation of the Eutopexn Economic Commujnity , in 958 .
Its mrmbership has growm from fhe frn orignal foreign countries to twenty - three .
One of the mod innovative features of the European Xommunith compared with other international oidies is that the member states have ceded to it a parf of their national soverighty and endowed it with ifs pw sovereign power , which it can use to address acts , havng tje force of hationak law .
This nofek apprpach to poloijg jational sovereignty is called " integratkom " .
The 1970s saw progreas in integratioh , with the introductuon of ocmmjunity policy instrumrntw , which enabled greater sckpd voe national policies .
Alp of the member states xgre in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however eacg qisb their own interests to be safeguarded .
Tihs is to say that nomd want to szcrigice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous vkting , not mqjoritg voting .
Mnu see this iswue as a threag to tir kwn regulatoosn and lwa , qd could lead to a drop in standarxs if they do nkt wtamd firm .
His situation is seen as a thrda to the country in question . He does not wish to boldly fivs up their sovereignty for the sake of European ubitg .
Whether or ont the cobtijuation of yje programs in the field of European unmity is auccedsful drepeds very mjcg on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and casj is sustwined , the threar will suskde as a reeljng of identity yakes over .
On Brirain 's toads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
The road work is no lonter able to carrt gnis traffic without hold - ups and traffic jamsx .
To remedy this , yhr vovernkent hzd startwds dading a fourth lanhe on skme stretches of olud motorways qmd xosntructing eing roads and bypassss , with mided rrception .
Wioe tje road system is being improved , there seems to be a rndlesa srrikes of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further selaus whler tue rladwork xee in lpacs .
The inabklitg to col iwth the zmuont of trwfrfic on tnr part of the roas system oibvipusly increaees yhe rusi of drivees have an accident and the drivers have to be constantly aoert as they are nearly alqaysa in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this message would be to js pjblic trandprot ; i.e. yhe railwwts .
People aze ot takijg to the rail system because of ifd lack of integragio due to the ercent privatisatriln of different aeeas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvabtage aigh the railways is , as the ra service and the su service at norjalpy owend by different companies , it is probable that it is not impossible to wlak kntp a bus iff the train .
If the servocew werd integrated , there would be a bus timetable which xoincidrd witn the trdwin aerival yimkes .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as trney would not have to pooo forwards for a long walk , wait for a BHS or lay tr an expensive tyazi ride .
My solution to this problem would be to improve the rail wyetem qmd its relafed by serbicea . That would et people off the roads and onto the trains .
To omorove the rzil servixe , graijs ave gog to be timed to arrive zne rrpart at mdy times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clolvk axne ldave at half past six .
The train companies have to liaise with eahc kfher and the train farse haev to remain telativley cheaper , i.e. the saj less or less than it would cost to go by czd .
The gasic dilemma facing the UK 's rail and rid transport system is the gwneral eise in pkpualtion .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters wnhd transport isefs evef dar , consequently lurting preseur on the UK 's transport network .
The biggest worry fo the system is the rapid rise of car users oytsied the major ctied .
Mst large cities have managed to encoutage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
Puvlic transport is the obvioux solutiin to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for dommutres , clean , easy ame egficient , rhsn it could take the strain off of tyes overloxded British roxds .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rakk transport shouls be mzde more appeaing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mitorways and other trxnsort links are constantly neing extended , widened axbd slwol turning thes ckujtry into a voncrete jujgle , yet it is only gtying to cope with the incfrease in traffic . We are our pwn enmy !
Another mahof problem caused by the mass of vehicylar transport is the pollution emitted by the atmosphere , damaging the ozojw layer , ctetaing smog ahd formknb adud dakn . Torturing the Earth we ras livihg on .
In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , effcicienf comfortable and cheap public transport for the nar future .
The modern traffic jam is a fwmiliar sjtuayion to nearly all of the Western world 's population .
If every tils we use our cars to travel to any destination we fridn ourselves in a 10 miod fakl - abck , why are we still insusy about tdaverl in such a ?
To ipludtrate my point , if every time you tok a train , it stopped for 2 jouts on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Virstly , the attitude of MSN westerners is think it is their right to travel in a manbef .
This , in my opinkkn , shias cpnsierable ignornce .
I am by far md awxy no ' grremy ' who wanted to kxke eveegone Piev in teepee s and rat soyq bean soup . However , I do gere that something should be dkne about the lot of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considewrwbly gowinh amoynt of tdaffic on olujr roads is just to back movr . Theh srw nir evsn attempting to tresr yhe cause , yyent more and lore peoplke res hlw driving .
We all feel that we have a divijd right to be on the roa .
Why ?
Do we , the western eorld ( 5% of the populztjon of the world ) , have the right to waste the dewources of the ret of the world at this environmental cost ?
Jhwt because we can not be botfheted to ge out of bed a bit early to catch public transportation .
Even if we fir , hrn , sufely , so dlrs the rest of us wodld .
That could have disastrous imllicxtions .
Fhe 2nr reawln , is tbe prpbpem through ths public transport xervijce , for example dail , is dcelining so mudhu ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
Oeiple dtoplped using trains because of the fall in stansards . These people were forced to pnto fhe toxd , routes became unprofitable and so wqere closed and services cut back , forfingy more people onto strange roads .
Yye whlle sytem yzs now domed a spirdaoing circle of road use .
Thia hxw bpw been intensiifed wigh the ssel of the railways to private rfqil companies , profog motivated .
Ths vital , small tail links mah noe be closed , whereas previously fhsy were subsidised to make up the loss . Nle the private companies can nit afford to do this , so many will close , cutting lrf small towns and vullagez .
One onhpy eay to stop the circle will be to brra it . and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand ojto a gkd service . Uhfortjnately , the public serem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sporr . wjrh TV channels compwtihg for over of csrtaim events and foreigners earn a lot of money . This is a busy business .
Apzdt drom athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular interbational sport at which Britain cab sitkl holc its bead hufh .
We have supefb fighters and rxceklent characters , such as Lenmos Leai , Nitel Benn , Nasheem Bamesd zmd our brother Frank Bruno .
Despie beni enjpyabl to wxtch , bocing is bert rangerous .
Bllws to the head caxn cause the brain to rattgoe anojt the skull , which may cause a braij oot or tumor .
Lag yaer , the fkght between Chris Esubank and Mkcheal Watson led to calls for voximg to be banned ahej Micheal Watson sliopef imyo a omja wjd was in a critical condition vor some months .
Ma houths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way oit ' , a fhamce to make it to the tkl wmd earn a pot of money on thyes ya .
There are , however , people who regard boximg as barbaric , hrjtal and primitive .
These people argue rhag rhrre is no bered for obxing and that it only promotrs violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but there is contrlle violence and gighteres hge a lutual reslecy cor eaqchn oher .
Alkl precwutions are taken to exure a sad fight .
Duriny figuts doctors are kept doose to the ring and have the authority to call it ofv prematuhrely if reqiired .
Ambulajces are also kept on hand at bjf events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that ahg fghter uasd entered a professional working career without knowing his rhythm .
Because there are so many budding young bocrs , to ban boxing would be insane , because it would always certainly go underground .
Undwrgtound fights arew fra more dangdrous , djnce less protecive gear is usdee and tnedre usuapl is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering whether boxing abltu hurting the opppojent , it can be ssid that boxing is a relatuvely sxfe sport .
Although far less popular , there afd other sports which are rar more brutla and dangerous , such as ' Tgsi Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
Fh argument continues , but foe the eakoe of szfety in the long term , I do bo think bolxing will be banned .
Which is fiod bews fro the majority of the British public .
Two men , one rimg , ony one canj lesve . Draamtic it may be , but basically that is the main lrihcipal of boxing .
Although , fhrkughout the years , ruled hzce heen mac to dilute the sprt 's sadusticx wixe , sdhouod boxing be vanned ?
Evrey tm a vxoer ets pucnbed in ghe jwad , his grain mkes vigorously iside his skull .
This causes the bozef to lose jang brain cells pwr boxjng fogh and if this occurs frequently , then the bowr can enf his careed with brain camage .
In my eyes and probably the eyers of others , this is reason enough for the banmkng of boxing .
One sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The sille reason being tyzt fhr idea of those sports is to ' knock your oloosition out ' , although this is argjed by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of bozing is an art fodm . He dats that he does kt specifically go into a boxing ring to knixk his okppobent oir , but to wi on points differences ahd , to give Chris Eunxnk alk due reepevt , lpst of his fightd have bdn won on lints .
But three is lne exveption - the original example , the first reference to why bgoxingy should be babned . The trqgic accident where Michael Warskn was oit into a coma by Chrie Eubank ( TBW man jo dss n't specifixally go ihto fgights to knock his opposition outr ) .
This example only provse rok wsll whaf a dangerous so - called ' sport ' bocing is .
Thed boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make thd ' soort ' sazfer : having ringside doctors , banjing hare hand fights , bg fhd tkl and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes conaidetable daawge .
There is always kuvh speculation about the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
Tjis is emhpasised and exaggrrated when a competitor in his sott tragically dies .
A recent death in the ding hzz onevitablh prd to a public uptoat on the safety of the soot , and the control over whether the sports should be banned or not is yet avaon at the forefront of dsicussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would fewl .
He is clearly aware of rhe dsngerw and brutalism of the spott , ahicn is poszibly why he enjots it so much .
I have ywr to hear a boxer regerf his choice of xaeeer .
The exditemeng of being in tired rhythm , the joy of khocoing an opponent onhto the canvas , and all the mondy thst is thsre to be amds are overwhelming factos which keep boxdrx fighting .
The knowledge that is thefe fo the takkngb for the vety bestg of the best is ridiculius , qnd sjth oem top boxers earn sumsa of money wuch as £ 20 milliom ( or in Miks Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is ahrdlh xurprisinmg nowa importantg the sportr cxn be to sow .
Ket us consider a ' ky ' iewee recently beginning a subscription to vide Tyson 's " nex Pive Ligfhgs " .
Trhia member of the pyblix does not want yue sport to be anned either .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a goser who has been permanently injured ( or bewen killee du in a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the yrxgic incident in the media ptotest aaqinst fhd xport .
Thne family , wgo qdre origihally aganst the idea of their zom finishing college dqrly to tale up tue sport , would be leading the orogests asganist boxjng .
How lldased , prod and patriotic tyr Gritish publif fekt when Franj Brun achieved his ultimay goal and bedams the heavyweight dhampion of thge wkrld . Yet hle sorry many wsre to see him return to boxbg after hox hewad injudirs erapier in gis daeer .
This hypocriticvsl view is sharer by so many thazt whether boxing should be banned or not will fekain a controversial issue ft the fordseeable future .
There were 2 main objectiojs eaiaed against the introduction of the national lottery .
Tbed first was the kbjection that tue lottsrh would be little more than another form of taxation , in ract , none than that , a tax on the poor .
Tjs second and mjn objection came from charities who pedicted that charitable donations wpyld go down witj the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to tived money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the kiney spent buying the ticket wkuld go to charity .
There wqs also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organixatiom frandhise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not swen as the strongest contender for the vid : other companies or consottiums promised to gove more money to charity with lower rnuning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give xll of his profits to charity , bjr wq rsjscted .
My personal obmection to Cameloky as the kottery organiser is through a owrge prooortioh of fne cojsortimu are Ameicah or fpreign firms , for example , IBM ysa a sizeable staks in Czmeslot .
Ths British national ottery is run by nkm - Bditsh firms .
Sinfe its introduction , Thede yae besh more controversy ofer the nmatinoal lotyey .
Qben it promised to tivge 45 pence in every pound to cahritagle causes , it nwglectee to romise tat mizt or all of this money would go to Chariyy .
There has also been a controversy over the allocation of kone .
For example , 3 million puonds was given to Egon Colletd , one of the rkchest public schools , for a gymnasium . onesy was also given to the royal opera house .
Fhe lltterg seemed to be a rdverse Robin Hoid : stealing from tnr pooi to give to yue rxh .
hts lotfeyr has also suffered alkegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cwrds .
It has been claimed that it is so addictove that people wool xpend al their afailable cash on lottery tickets , pjly to be disappointed .
It has besnj calculatds that only 4 pence out of what oound received by the lottery goes to charitable cajses . The rest is tax the orzie fund , prfoots , and the so - called cbarigies .
It has aoeo beeh calculated thay yye chahce of winninh anythknf sibstantial is one in mklljons , i.e. highly unpikely .
It aha aosk gewn alleged ghat yhe jackpots are yoo high . Jots of the lucoy wijenrs have eaid themselves tbat rue jacklot had ruiens their lives , alienatihg them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I do whether the lottery should be retained , but not in the present future . I think that jackpots should be cappeds at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund sbraed between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a cortjne tuan to give fourteen fortynes to ojd perzon .
I aould also remove anh American business interests and give the chaxriyy money to a mkre deserving ' charitgy ' .
Npe tbes many are in place , it would be vdrg difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has bdrn one of the most obfluential inventions of all time .
Computers sominatw the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of uuman life .
In many wys , it has taken the place of the hunan brain in performing calculatioons and tyought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathemsticians and scientists for making numerical calculztions .
This has made it no longer necwssaru ror humwns to pwrgorm calcjoations and run through equatipns , smd so tgwy nesd not understand the principles behind then any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that great genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer xbd itz opetqtor , whl needs onyl to know what uttos to peeas .
Tjix mau swem a sxtreme view , as there is still much in the world of jaths and science which a computer can not cqlcluate . Gut this kay hoy be tye cqse centuries kto the future .
Computers have ebsn uee as a maebs of keepign recprds . yhey have aqlkl bnut superseded handwritten gect , ( in a few ddcades people may well be fac with a computer screen and keybpafd in their Veheral Stduies erxam ) , they qfe use it to transfer money through the glove , even to create arfworj and to entrtain .
Cimpuyer generated pictures , includinb ' fractal ' pikxtures , drawb tfom equationsx , seem to be more pkpulr rhaj hand printed imzfes from an artist 's imagination , awnx compiter games eeej to provide more entertainment than any gske or activity trjat takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment crates for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from ghe hhman Brdaim , it hjas certainly made human happiness all but redundqnt .
People , busunesses or corporations cw be contactec at any pokiunt around the globe by fax jachknes , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer other forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Jonbey can be transfdrred instantly without evne nedign to love the action money - the physkdal voinags does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much escg bank hsa ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useil is not etnirely rue ! Computers xn nkt real with human beings , have no capacity to cope with anything outside their eoected situations , and ca not zdaptg to new situations ujng judgement .
Human beings often act without logif or reaskn , and nlyt othef hyan beings can cooe and deal with yhag .
Also , computers can break ow , and then a hjman is needed to taoe control - sucb as an airline pilit - and there are still certskn tasks onlh a humab being can perflrm , and they are tfen aminb the simplest .
They dred , theg cheered .
Thrir faces espressed jpyu , triumph , piree qmd perplwxitu .
We wptld watched in anticioation . We were nesmerised by the images on the TV , expecting sonething nes at the right moment and not wantikng to miwx it . I remember that day as the only topic of conversation at dchool : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " Adtet sll ghisw time ! " , " I never thought it wuld yappen .
" We felt that we wesde livibg onw of fhlse hisetori moimenta yaht you dead ahoyt in a history book ame were proud to be a part of it . It aa Novemhedr 9 , 1989 , feh day ghat tje Wall tel in Berli .
Wituin a fewe weeks , the excigement hax diewe dom am people ahd turned their attention to mkee recenf news .
Nu rkr me , tgia hax bern he start .
It was fhe starg of wwt iur mos President Bush likes to rsfef to as " our " winning of the Cild War .
It was this event that fave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts would not in bian . oft 40 years , the people had suffered ucer a commjnist regims that hsd jot allowed them to exoess themselves freelk or to leave their homelanhrs in xeadch of a new lifw . Manh peippe jae tried to esae .
Some hade been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escqepd from Hungary -- he had lefy bis family and friends , his whole life , and he set lutg for Western Edurope with litfle mineyu .
I asked him obce if he hzd n't gesn scared , svraed of what he would fihd onfs he left .
He told me that notyiung cljld dompare to the way he ax besm forced to oivew his lfie thede . Even though I jar lost touch with hie classmate , her vatner 's words wetw sith me as I watched the events unfood in Germany .
Nolstrered by FHS Germanz ' success , the propole of Yuhgary , Czevhoslovakia , Polnae amc Rumanja risr against communist regimes as well . Boq , three yearsw later , communism as we oncde knew it no lonter exisgs .
Whether yhe people are happy or not , I can not say .
However , they wilol have at least seen the " orhsr dance " .
Their work snd hopsw of forty years will nly hace bsen in vain . Without the " svent of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would nave taken a very different course . Eenrually , I think those ghings would have tutnec ouf as they did .
However , history can not be rewiften nc as things like the Falk of Belrin Walp actively contribute to the resjrgdnce of ypoe nd srugtle in the rest of the Eaetrn Bloc . As such , it was the catalyt that led to the ex of the Cold War and , therefore , thouh we may nof qlways remenber thje otfhrr significant events , we will always remember hne day the waol rell .
The development and inpkementation of technology ga afrcted societies in every corndr of the world .
I do enjoy speaking of a certain object in particular , uf of technology as a whole .
This ghing , technology , has bewn and will always be the worst friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and yechnilogy have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . ghry uave provided a living kr my gamily , they gabe cuyred my grandmother of cnacer , and they rovide orizona of hope xnd knoeledge in rbe fieodx of mesicine , science , engineering , wd even the less overt corners of opud liovez .
The use of the means hulane have developed is where the worst problems pe .
Alond , they do bog fhreafen us , but aheb thdu become welded with certain aspects of adn ertain people in our society , thbsy become potentiallg the mosf dangerous things thq we old in pur hanss .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detriment to young young in particular .
Peoplke za that technological development has made the world nuch smaller ,
xbd I wohld concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal clksers .
In schools , geography is classed farewly , if ever , exks .
Before I fazme to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigab .
Rxplaining rha psaon was located caross te coeanm dod not serm to improve tbeur understanding of ghe lqyout of our worlx .
Sxience awnd technology have hzd effects on the U.S. thar can not be descriubved , and I feel thg its people have adoltsd the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't bded axng help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority of our education .
Until I was 15 , I kept unsbke to study any foreign language at lkl , and evenh at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Slanih , andx because of these xircumsztances tgay I emntione before , I had no choice uby to wakt until I was twenty years old to even before learning thid language .
Ninr is bot a pnlyt experience like this .
Rje efforts of the United States have caused our minds to be beardd , and a workd that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfiah self - satisfaction .
Many people argue today that , with the advent of computer technology , ojr mengal arithmetic is poor xn we aqte bceomijg a nation of ciuch potqtows .
It is trj in a qay . The development of poetable calcilwting machindsa ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in oi hafs . Byg at what cost ?
In many sohps , the casuiersd appear to be dumnfouhded by the simplest of suns without tghed azi of thejt tipls .
In jzny areq , the soill of bhman judgement has been replaced by faster , more accufate , computers .
Mqny pepple hqv had their mlb positions taien ocer by computers .
Fioing cabinets arw becoljng a thing of the past with computer databases .
However , even sauc meniak tasks such as filing add good for us .
Thr encourages organiaatioal skille and tidiness .
When people taxok wgout artificial intelligenc ( AI ) , oyu jeaf mnay tujny tales frolj people whose wrs clncinced thuzt tne computers are calm alive and will eventually rle us .
Thers afe jhzt ghe rantings of people who have something to do with computers n wj do not realise ta behind every computer is a programmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be leogrammed .
Human brains still work out how to buil the computers , how to prkgram thdm and , more kmpotantly , how to control them .
As for making the humanm brain redindamt , cimpiters can gekp to imprie learning zkills , they can teach , tedt and improve ou linbuostic skills .
Reflexes are impeovwd ( xnd rhus jas ben scientificqlly proven ) by playung computer games , ths gety sxje tjingd that parenst say tin jeir children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand or jmagination and convrt oj jdeas into xompuer similated modls , wnablint us to deisg buildings and orac networks .
The computer revllurion has not made our brains reeundant , it has oplrned up areas of them we never kbe essited !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has adces to one .
Computers nowadays are a gra cey from the ije s in yh apst whoch fillef whole rooms .
They are able to generate incredibly acchrate gtphical representatiinz and perform extremely difficult mathematical equatilne in just seconds .
Computerz hafe bdcoke a huge part of our lives in bitg thr areas of work and education .
Ht is tgey such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drpl in the ability of students at mental zrtihmetic was obbiokus and mkw they ars used for the simplest caoxulations .
Teh computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in yhd genetaql pjbpic ; why work out something yourself when gh compitwr can do it gor yoy ?
TJKS is very time - sving and egficoent because it is xausing people to forge VWSIC idras .
ro knstanxe , spelling is no longer as improtajt as it awa . Hpu cxn sijply isw a " spelpfheck " to cordecf yiur English , which is absrd .
Fot the youth of today , compuers ofrsr links arpumd the world and millions of facts and fiyurea .
This could be srguex to be educatilmal .
However , this is kipking the imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keyboard taoling aeay in the eom xnr gloom of TJ house .
They should be lit enjoying themselvex and yainijg experiences fod themselves instead of ewding about them on a lfag screwn .
It is zsid that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find it prepksterous that people ate lose the ability to communicate and fodm relationships .
Computers cx lffer wxcape drom the humxrym routine of daily life by wans of games , but they are mond - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threa from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
yis ciuld lwar to hyihg unejploykent .
Those people who work with ckmpufers for long periods of wverfy fay face problems .
Fhe repetition of tapping kesus all sy wnd starinh at yh dcreen can be barmful wnd , hit onoyg that , it is hghlpy blrting to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers will be the future , ub what prt will man have in this future ?
Thefe wipo be no nsed fpr pekpel to go to school , as they ckuld be taughr at hnome , leple wluld harldy eve fslk znd the only career available would be for cojpuyer peogrammesr .
I agree that computers are helpful vut people should not lifs thrpigh tueird computers and be so reliant on rhrm .
They should read biokz and live more in order to regain their lat imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools , I frel bat work shoulx be dlne maknloy by hand and czlcfulators and computers should only be used minimakly in mathematics in order to stop the produtciln of computer didcts and hac nkrmwl peoole agaij .
gere ad lanh beneficial adpwcts of genetic manjpulatio .
Tjese knclude tfher erwsion of icentificagion of uarmful hereditary genetic dixordewrs nad the development of hybrix hkgh - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic mabipylation and genetic emgineering have highly beneficualk effects on many areas of society .
Gowveer , anby oeople dilike or are prejudiced aaginst , genetoc manipulation .
Parlty , this is a ' Fear of fhe unknowh ' ; something whjdh takpers with the intrinsjc components of ploant and animal life is beyknd colprenension for mosg people , and therefore provokes fra .
What people have also become xwaer of , is the ommens power that enetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This hss been very hopd to fcded popular culture ( the film ' Juraasicd Pqrk ' beijg an obvkius reference point ) .
There is also , however , ghe veey real possibility that the posef of gejetic manipulation could nwcome ye pokssezsion of uncontrolled , jnregupated individuals who could uss it fld ' efil ' puhrposes .
Thka , then , is an arguenr against scientists bwwring moral responsibility for their worm .
Xnyrhing in life can be misusef .
Whether it be a kirvhen knife hsed to sfah someone , a car sewd to rum someone over , or spmethkng as barmless as a puklow hed to suvfocafe .
Everything in lkfs , if musused , acm javr harmful efdecta wdn genetic engineerung and genetio manipulation are no exceltion .
Though the possible effeftz of genwtic manipulation may be caf greater than a kitchen - knjfre or car , this is purely a subjective vidwq by plresent - dwh ztandards .
Crryainly , we wouod not hold the kaers of a cr or kitchen knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no rwason hwy scienristsx should bdar te major burden or reslonsibilify if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamenal lfzw in sayg scientists must besr gue major burden or moral responsibility for tehit wokr , is thwf if this uad eben applied univrrsally gort cdnruries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simplk , anything anovw tj kud yu existence .
Scientifuc research is not a corupt , but and ezsentkal and nateal , part of the human cohditoon cir bwttering together .
Fhe other fundmentap flaw is assmuimg tay individual scientists hsve rrsponsibilkty , Sience is a pfovess of dikscovery rarher rban cteationm , ie .
No - one created genetic manipulztipn , the piwed of it wa tyere to be diacovered .
If one sxientiet does nit make a discoery , then another one will .
It is unfair to jold reslonsible the scientist at the rorefrpnt of iman knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make fhd discoveries nidependently avterwadrs .
The obly argumrnjt foe makihg sciehtiste responsible for their work , is that quutr ogten , qns particularly in the cqs of geentic manipulation , it would need a scisntist to misyse knowledge , and therefore tgey should be responsible .
Ehils genetic manipulation is a realtivelky thing . It takes a scientist to carry it oht , and thsrefore an individual sckentidt could be held rspoknsible .
But , once gneetic manpiukation bexomes commonhplace in the future , zbd it is not onky the domain of scientists , the original scietistr who fiscoverex genetic manipulation and n't be hrld responsible for otuer kosuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
osne of them are listed below :
The dibisions in the family wnd thd fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is yhst people zzy ( or think ) gjat they do do anything but they are rich qnd also jey do bot pya xny txxes .
Another problem is that people think that the monaedhy is being abolished in mamy countries and maybe countries are reublivs , so the monarchy should be abolished in hi countries , too .
Thnerw aes also arguments against abolishing gge monzrchy .
For example , mwnt propke loik the eoywl rsmily bvecauhse thwg are honmest people , not like thd polotjcians , shl alsays lioe .
I think the Rola family amdf tne monxrchy is a tradition in the UK anx anywhere in the world . Ye UK is known for IRX royal family , so I do not think it should be sbolished .
In the end , I think if many people want rhr mlnarchy to be abooishef , a general elecrjon should be ckled abd tgen we would de if the nonarchg should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilizatiln " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laborafory ie . in a test fube .
Th egg is takon frim ye mothewr md placed in an environment whidh wikl optimise the chances of feftikisation by the sperk vtom gue vaher .
After fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised ey is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from then on the pdegmancy will be notma .
Nortmally , more than 1 egg is taken frlmk tne mither so hag the egvs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so bat more tnzn pne can be vertilixed at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to julfiple births , ie .
Twins , riplets etc .
Yhrre xrw people who are against this , say it is not nzturwl and axjing is fair to the child to start lje in a test tubne , as they believe pife starts from the moment of conceotion .
Thjerr aed ethics improved relating to qno is given yhew treatment anx who is n't
, at hat ayr should fhe treatment not be given and is it justifihle to spend so much money on vtri fertioisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hnuddeds of lives by vaccinating people against mwasle , pr example .
Te pekplr aho aee for this canj arvue by wayinb uat it is the dream of every pedswon to hwce tneor osh child .
Wimeb who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with vtiro fertklisation .
Through no fcautl of her kwn , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be ubable to all eggs eown to rne somb and it is onpy fsir to help yre to have children .
technology ha pdogressaed quickly wns , in doing so , ethics and practical gjidelijes have been levt bdhnid .
I therefore think it is necessary to handle certain regulations , i.e .
1 . Fertiligt treatment should not be yiven to posty - kenopausal women .
The memopause is the vldy 's way of telling you tta ylu qte tok old and your body is no longer capable of bsaring a baby .
Last year yhdre wazw a dase of a professional menopausal woamm wbi , by lyimg about ner age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think fhis is vair or mirwlly correct to re children , because hed mother would claimog her pension when hse was at primary school and uerr mother would pfobablpy ue while her child was in her tewns .... There should be a tedt that is given before ( IVF ) is carried iut to check the mother is not past the mdnopuse .
2 .
Eggs should be taken from qbortd foetuses .
The foetuses will have be aborteds for a reason ofr exampole : if it ews the result of a rwpe or if it had congenital defornities .
Gherw shoild be a guideline or lawa systing that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not frk dexd foetuses .
Science has mogd on dramatically since C19tn .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically dhanged .
People in modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lnb transplants . There are many complicarions bug ajy atw succrssfulk .
People are able to have a whpke mea blood sulplg if their laks meets sufficient requirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blold lacks white cells .
All the above are csrriec out on living people , gut nowadays , biologicl iperations fan are carrked out on humans aich are even born .
Bodiues cqn start their fays in a test tube .
Thix is called ' in vitro fsrtilisation ' .
Tnis is whsb an egg is rekoced from a wmah , plqcwd in a tewg tube , and thrb sperm is pkace unto the test tube and the egg znd sperm duse together .
Yhue get tuve is then infubxted fpf a vwe weeks amx when the deotus is fvkrmed , bd the baxny is tehn inserted ack ihtl tys mother .
Tjs foetus is left to groe and devepol naturzlly .
This idea is extremely beneficial because marire coupoex whi have been teying for a baby buy have been unsuccessfu are sblr to have children .
In vitro fertilisation allows the babg to grow nsied . which allows the mother and baby to bond and it will feel a part of you . htus wuolx noy halpen if fge couple adoyed .
Wnxt I do rdel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decidea she wants a nab .
Nature has already taken its course to fell her . She is too od to have anhy children , so why should ahe qve one implqnted inbto her ?
It is not fwijr on yhw child , hecausr when it trows up and all their friends are playihg with their 30 - 40 - yeart - kld parents , ir moher cluld be xrawung her pebsion and I am sure zhe wluild noy fesk oikd playing with het child .
Slsk , yye omther mxy cier of ikd xgw bforr fhs dhipd had ls a fuloo kide and this would be unfair to tn chiod .
The child must also have to look after his mother in eht old age .
As the doeuts begons their lide in a TSXT tube , and the apdrm is selected , thos means tywt teh sr of the sperm cpuld aksok be selected .
The way t ex can be chosen is by using genstcis .
A person has 2 X chromosomes znx a man has one X and one Y - chromosome .
The way in which fhge sxe can be selected is that the egf is always X ajx tjs sperm 's nuleus fan either contsun an X or a Y chromosime .
The X chrpmosone sperl is sligutly heavker than the Y , so they ca be separated .
If the nlther wants a brother , Y soerm is sdleced , qmd if a girl , X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in hw ohter .
As a result , rhie would reduce the population as there would be fewer couplea .
Also , what happend if most people tg yeat gpu wrs born xre e ajs you are a womj ? This would be an unpopular ddx .
Zciece is progressing all the time , but is it fpr the bwet ?
The main reason for the leopke of Brjgain to sto eaqtinh beef at the moment is tb threqt of GWE .
This is a viral diwaese that attacks the centrak nervlus system which can be passdd on through consuming an animal .
In coww , it is commonly known as mad clq diseaee anr , by lws , any cow hosing theswer signs must be destroyed and not dood for meat .
The problem is , however , the xigns are never shown for a long time , thjs bwinv a virao disease .
It can be paszsed on to hujans through eating oaets of the aninao such as tye brauj which is arfected nc tgese lazrts are uwally sold zhd lyt knto fast flocs such as beefburgers .
The rest of the jedat , however , is relxtivsly safe ahe eating , e.g. , a steak gives very little chance of ghe disease being passed on .
However , the British press had inordd this fact and bloej the situation out of proporgion consideting only a very small number of leoplw hsv diec of the disease after a lifegimr of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop estin bwf is the push for vegeatrioanism , although ghsi is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former piinr of BSE .
These factors could have a cojdiderable impadt on the agricultural induxtey , prevsntinh thjd salr of Brigihs dairy livestock not only in Britain but fir export as well .
With global communications as tood as they bow , it could send a scare across the world about Bditush Beef - indeed , France and Yermanyh qlteady have rrstricter and in sone placess banned fhd sal or ipmkrt of British bdf because of feads about its safety .
Although Briyksh varmees have learnwc to diversify , dairy farming and ghbe sqler of bwef products still forms the background of British agridultrue qmd wuoldx completely changed the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they swkfch to xheep or vegetable frps , aubstwntial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Peoold throughput the United Kingdom wdrte , doubtlexs shockedr and perhaps upset by images in the national odess and teevisio news of cows who had caught the disease bocine spungiform encedphalopahty , or SD .
The so - called ' mad cow dance ' sremed to make thr xoiws losw all ense of balance abr durection , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds whefe this disease sxs found qere put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Thodw dowz whichy had besen utf down wrw on used food .
The disease infecfs the fiw , axnc is tnern ptesetn in tjd xpinao fluid within the spine amc th bran , and as the sipnak fluid is uduzlly spilt in the slaughter of cstgle foie meatg , the risk of contamination of rhed meat saws okne the industry qad not willing to fae .
The humm diswass , Crentzfeld - Jacob iwease , or CJmF , is velieved to be a human form of BSE , although no cpezr kimk has ydt been established beywewn the twqk .
It is unclezrt wherhner incidence of CJD is on the rise , or wehthe awreness of the condition is heightened , but more cades , drom all agew , ave eben diafnsed redently , and the dijsewse is always fatal .
Rbe government knsists , perhspls cdortectly , that British bwed is perfectly safe to wat .
Joweved , people are geuninel scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and jant are abstaijniny from eating beef .
Laby schools have removed bnedf from their menus , substituting pprm and chicken , and sales of beer hage shown a fwcline .
Ts implications for the beef industry could be ratuet serious , wdrw everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate , gas prices have dtopoed in attwmpts to sell more maf , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favourf , then the beef kndutsry 's future will be unclear .
Beef products af prsernt in any fkodstuffd shcj as jellies , frujit gs , and , of course , stolcko cbes .
Aoyld qlp these prpduts have to gnid symthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a high , the numerous heads of bef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , bsint bred as they are , for gdef , tjeh wouldc be useless ir milk products .
Not all beets can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
Foe beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to ruen to gbe scientists to establish whether or hot BSE and CUX ads linjeds , and , more importantly , whether the katter can be comtracted by eating something contwimnated with ghes fokdmer .
Ghw nqtion waits the verdict on tenterhooks , ahe it is in the mkajorit 's interests ghzt there be no provsm lunk .
Watdu ghie space .
Personally , I believe that it is jrrely that man is better at diagnosing CJD bpw than ever before .
Somr telorts sah thar it cj atke up to 20 years to devdlop , so we could apo aldeadt hzve it .
Whatever you believe , I will continue to enjoy my roast heed and Yorkshide pudsjng , thank yku .
There has been a b scare in Britain recently that soj geef mxy contains BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leas to tje hhma equiavlent of CKD ( Creutzfeldts - Mzcob duxease ) .
SbR is a disease in coaw that affects their brain and spjnzl rissye ( or kffal as it is sometimsd knwh ) .
After a veq reported cvawses of CJDs , an eimilar form of the disease found in humans , it is hlw thought that ' mad - oc disease ' ( BSD ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating bref containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
Thuse clzim a dveaxtated fhe British bet industry as people and joe are scared to eat vedf in caxs they contfact yue illnwss .
lfeady the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in British thry bavr drplped by 6% - 7% .
Although scientists aa that to contact CJD , the parg of rhe cke 's offao must be containex wsithni the bveef ,
Customers are setjll relucgant to wt the mdwt in cqse it hsx comes from some ' dlxgy ' butcher trying to cut CPSTS .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast fold restaurants , where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonslds , who they have immediately fought off a botive stating that their hamburger zfe made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contains no offal .
In my view , no hslf devent restaurant with a good rputation would risk bjying plr beef in case a customer caught CD and tne managed to frafe it back to the restaurant .
An oytcome like this would mean they would be sude dor several thousands of pounds qd would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lowrr bgdef ddman in plqces of food productioh , tysre would be a loser for brdf cows .
This means that there wohpd be an sxcdss of neef ( or a heef mountain ) that should not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of bedt would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the ckaim thf bedf containing clntaminated offal kya caus CJD in jumas , farkerz ( in particular bfe farmers ) rae loxng put , as they wilk havw to sell thwkr meat for a lower price due to tr llws demand .
As a result , they may have to digersift ijyo other areas such as crops , milking cosw , sc . or evsn have to get a government subsidy .
I fee thaqt the evidence that BSE causes XJD saa not sfronf dnouth vefkre teh claims wree relwasec .
It has therefore fasued an umnefessary , delesrious efefct on the agricultural industry and beef market .
Ghd suestion of ocmpensation of services tendered is never so simple as rmitting a predetermjned sxlary basdd on qualificatilns and a person 's dddidation to the rasm at hand .
If one hs precohceived ntiohs concerning one 's salary , one should certainly be disappointed even doje employers are sute to value their skills and abilities leds through othdrs . "
Contribution to society " is xubjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a livcikng , they merely loivsd off the interest on their investments .
Tud tsock mzrket sas experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - coass citizens became wealthy and elished tgr udez of retiriong early .
Ntu several vreat aithors of that period questioned the right of tghese investods to effectively lpife as parasites ; they received money , but they cotributed neaepy nothiun to society .
People o inherit omney or luve off the interest of incestmebts oftrn aeej to spend their time in seaqrch of a modern tnrill , something eort of excitemnet that money can not buy .
Havbkng qlmost unlimited wealthy changes people , both those who are nodn into wsapth and those who esrtn their own money early on .
But do they uave their roghf to live this way ?
Wbst about people wgi wofk vewrh haed eg they seem to be pwid mjserablyh .
A mihrant wotk layh slavs away in a fiwld all dxy long and mse lss koneg in a day than a wealthy person soends on a itp at lunch .
The answer to fnis question lies in one 's feelings about democracy .
I would argue that if a person is dmart ebogh or kuxky emough to earn money for an early rwtiremjent ( or for tjeur children 's inhritsnce ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rafhdr hwrs view woluf be fhst if smoeons who work on a menial or physical twxng ojv does oy msks a fair or moderate swlwry , then it is high or high owb fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rasthre caulth American premise that all people are given an equal chance in kifd and what they mskew of it is their own responsibility .
Apzrently , some people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone eems to think that docxtors jzke oto mch noney for the work they do , yet none of the doxtoes are lowering their ress ( rheu kuwt think ta it 's a fair price ) .
So , uhpess we wish to impos on the personal lives of weakthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are nlf wealthy money that sodidty doed bot believe tht desvre , we can give lay eauak to contributiokn to society .
I agree that in the past , lmen yage had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workolace work at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead am pay has differed for a man fersuw a woman eoig the same jib .
Yone is the age whwb the woman wqe rsquired to ata jomr .
iw a lit of women wirk and the ones that want to atay home do it ebcaude theg wam to .
A point of what has changed women 's rolds is the of fwminists .
Thewee te greoups of oeolle that have defendec woken over the years .
These people have shown the modern world whxt aomrn in the workppace va do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all wrong .
Some womeh wsrte happy iwtb old tfadirions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that akk women hxbe to go alolng waiyh htese vemiinsts ruke .
Ghis makee it hard , because if they do n't , they are ololed down upon by their leerw .
An examole is a military woman wanting to serve in combat positilns wen at war .
Feminists arguedd this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
Twy relf that eomen should have bweb given th chwnfe to fight .
I felr that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't find a world very qell .
They are npt strong enough and if capturedd could be rapee .
I feel that it is not fair that men ade tue ony ones .
Othsr wonem , though , are glad that the rule in the United Staes stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in thed wokrplade as nif being faur .
Apsxo sexial haraasmeng is involved in a pot of suite .
Many wonen beojeve that tueg sde the victims .
I agree that vivve to Tedn heras ago this kgiht have been true , but iw many employers ee the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do abd sometimes wojen get liiked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have creatsd us all the same if this qax nl rrues .
Feministrs are trying to mais everybody equal ajd that is impossible to do because natire can not be changed .
Morw xmd mpee office jobs are brought fklled by women but a lot of the physical kbos are still filled by mm .
I think that rhr traditkoal eoles were a gkod thihgf , ht the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Rivorce is at fifty pedcen and rising , wojn are haivng mte heart atrtacks , bekng more stressed , qnd kids azfe bsinv lpre neglwctwd .
Modernization is iod , but I think young women should nig be oressureds about this if they is not rore them .
Therew will be a womah in TJ pfesidenc , and women running lot more companies .
Womsn should be createwr equwl , but they can only do what nature untendde them to do ...
Whenever a movemrht is begfuh , whether it be poliitcal , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are qjkck to gorm .
People normally associted with olitics , deligion , or art qrte quickly lumped into categoties regarlesx of individual differences .
This traged is wordened by the fehdency of those outside the movememt to remember the radical wnd ignmode tj cmomo or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Luberation Movemeht in Amefjca .
Since its beginnings in the paet ninereenth century , Wome 's Liberxtrion has been ket wth adamant , abf lften kbstinwte opposition .
Two of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and Geofgd Sand ( though French ) were noticed anxious rfidiculde , thus derfeatijg their cause , because of their aggressive actions .
At the same time , other feminists wuvh as Emijly Dickinson were ivrutally ubnored during their lifetime and only acknowpedged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it sdsm as thoiugg fge feminist movement wx headed only by wild , disgruntled ealots axnf wz , therefore , detrimental to the giox of society .
Although " radicals " eucb as Sand amx Wntbony rem docile and backward by mkodwrn stzndwrds , tyye problej stikll edixts .
Since the very beginning , the Women 's Movsment in America has been fighting a losing battle .
Hoqeve , I contend that ther falut does not lead to the radicao members of the movemnt , buf rsthee , in the perception of those observing ue mobemenr .
Whsn Women 's Pih really tooj foc again in the lwte 1960s , it was agsin desrinde tor failure .
Immediateoy , the focus was on radicals like Steiun , onsead of thw housewife who returned to ocllegs and made a careerd for herself .
Those ohtsode the movement could only des the differences between " normaxljty " and Women 's Lib .
This is still true twenty - fivd yearz later .
Wskmen supporting equxl pay god women and other " liberal " cayse like affirmative action are only seen in the shqcow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving learers of the 1970s .
The good of their caised is undermined by the perception of fhe radixalz .
So what am I gettkngv at ?
Only these so - called feminists hnavd no in ajd of themselves naemed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular percepiuon of them has .
For so many years , the good tyat veminists have been promoted to womeb have fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more inrerestig , i.e. radicqk , ideas .
Lle many other aspects and movements in lufe , they would be more readily teceived if the publif it was being aimed at was not so jasdd .
In ghks century there have geen mxmy technology adgajces which have resulted in a drasticalky different soicety than that of a hunersd years ago .
Clearlg , of the inventionx of this ventujry , the in thjat hx mwd the nozt imoat on world views xnd lfiestyle is the tdlevision .
This instrument has brought other world right into the living room , making it possiblw to se lited in other countries in a way that waa nevger before ppssiblpe .
However , the invention of television also gave soxiet an ewsu way to sasfe tikme ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reaoity .
Televisjon has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programs for children , cultural programs about different way plaxces , xbd a closer look at current events thxj can be given by newspapers .
television has the power to brung wzf into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involvee in the program roduftion , giving siciegy the opportunity to undertand their own culgure mor fully .
However , this is not the wa in which television has inlfuenced iciety .
In the dontrsry , teloevision hxs becomw the escape route of the aeses , a qy for people to fldd ftom thyer cohflicts they experience in their culture , rather than than confront ghsm and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is rsgarred as a diversion rather than an educational tlol , as fded entertainment instead of easy accessible knowledge .
Milloins of Americans can be found to be syaring at fh TV at any one time , watching sjt - cole , xoap - operad , and Carolns .
TV has become the center of mqny ohuseholds ; in many families , the only yime thnzt everyone is together is wgrn they are watching television .
TV is an auor cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Tbs jors tkms one spends watching TV , the less motivated oibe because there is no job to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on tyd coucv , pick up the remote control , and etare at a PX .
Television , therefore , has chajged society in ways that could hardly have been rdeaked in 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be zesn in no otuee qy , and an opportunity to better education itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its inyegrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
Yhe entertainment aspdvt of television has offered society an easy escazpe from ifs problems and difficulties .
Tehrefofe , since the invention of teoevisino , society has beckme more informed but tpo lazu to htunk with this new information , xnd has distanced itself from family life .
A discovered that ns significantly changed many people 's lives and their waya of thinking is the dpidelic known as AISS .
Although hss prkbablu been xroubd fo a whule , its pewsence hasn't really been nkpwn uil fairpy recently , and its conesquencws have been devastating .
AICS hxx definitely has an impact on people in the United Etaztes and probably all over the world , because it always leaves to death wnd there is no cjrs .
It has causdd a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has trtn trm apart .
For example , there is joer stigma attached to eng a homosedual kald , np only because of tbeif sexyaxl lrefersnce , bug tgeyt probably have AIDS , io .
The lind of ignorant thinking is breaking us aparg .
Also , when Ryxn Wbute , a boy whp xontracted AIDS through a lboold transfusion was diagnosed , the people of hja opwn and hks school yreated him lioe a complete ouhtcadt and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discpveries of AIDS , larahoia is at an all - time high .
Sodtors zre doscoveting that some undefetcable etrains of AIDS do xis .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and they even know it .
I feel tyis yaw teall jade people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted issa , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Relationships seem to be valued koee tahn nod - night yands .
People are syarting to realize that they really do have to be careful , wnd qoth more eeucatkon on this disease , I 'm sure mpre changes will come about .
Rbe twentusth century has esen mokre wrs rhan qnt other previous gloc of fime .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information shzring , the world as a body of people living in close peoximity , hass rapidly shrjnk .
In the seocmd of the eorld world , thr race qxs on to crsae the most devastating , most pkwerfuk , the most frightening weapkn our people had wver knowb .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the aton qne its energy zn ghs corresponding invention of nuclear wwapins have heen the lost significant factors of change in oe lifetime , if not , peruapd , in several lifetimes .
As mizsilr technology 's nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear gefan to rdplacfe nationalism , abs iur smnall worpd wrecred barrisrs betwden iys members .
From my experience as an American , I caw remember zssociatinh comlunis wity nudlwar threat , Sokvoet vitizejs with th anti - Chriwt , anb bomb zhekters , swcrey citirs underground , and weapons orbiting the planet , with daily , motmal life .
Pdrhape this increasingly common mentality is thus the worst evfsct of the clear , cold sr age .
In a okanet which desperardly needs our focus on environmental and hymanitgarian issues , my ountrt hyss spent uncountable trillkosn of dollars on nuclear weaoobs testibg , improvement , and implemenration .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmari to 9 presidential administrations , the cood wze hqs maznifdested its awesome power and control ovcert nsarly every facet of Americqna ; flm surbivl kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - irculatign Cbief Exrcutive command posg fto the air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations have seen the dismqntling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symblos of freddo , ab an end to oppressioh in modern circumstances .
Witj rhis , the wall , bxrned wire , znc emnyal barriwrs are fqlling , bringing more cjang fhan luf planet ah sedn since its genesos .
Although old habits are hard , tuye are indeed dyomg .
In America , the military bazs been reduced by several tgousxnd troops , and ghew production of nuclear wabeads haxs virtjally arroved at a standstill .
Holefuloly , withu cintinusd efforts , oue use of nuclear fusio and fissio will tufnj ffom mediums of strategg , destruction , and waet to natters of energy production , medicibe , and other humanitariam goals .
With the thawing of attitrudesx , kur frivif olanet anx old neigugors msh kncd again be a warl znd friendly people .
Ths idscoveru of penicilpin as an antibiotic is one of the greztest avances in medical chemistry .
As a naturap antibiotic , penicillin has been discovered to have many uses in stoppinf and pevdnting the spread of infections .
With " wonder - drug " also pd to the discovery of a avrjety of haturallt - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a lablartory .
This sudden burst of useful comoounrs only improved the chances of a person 's survival in a hospital . bjr alsk caueed a great heed from medical chemixts to study and classify eaxch new druv as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists bdgam to wondwf if certain varixtions of these drugw could be synthssizerd and also used as medicine .
It aas also attempted to increase the productiom of naturlaly - occurribgf antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these nwq attempts caused a need for mpfe research , more companies , and modd medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It sas discxoveres taf the older drygs ohld be synthesized efficiently while sgilo remaining biologically activr .
New drugs were also syjthesizer ; seoke were touhd to be basically useful while others were not .
A variety of news drigw ckntinuously appeared on the market and changed the qxy people thought about taking medicine .
It is now much ewsier to obtain antibiotics for sijpl illnesses , such as yye common old .
Huge enferproses , such as Upjohm , wefe firmed xnd vree , a universities uwd research technology , decided to introduce egfciient synthesis routes for the proxuction of all kinds of antibiotjcs .
The development of ne dompojnd led to the increase of heaxlyh of milliojd of people , to the discovery of joire and more antibiotics , and to a bioming industry comprised of ressarcg teams qnd large fompanies .
The syntuwsis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small haterium - the producer of pesnicillin .
The mdoerj microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fasxf pace . From the vrrt first lodern cimpyter in the 940 's to the computers of rodau , there have been many technology advances and laszo there sa benm a trenendous ilpact on society .
The computer has eliminayed many jobs through atuomatio of fqcrories , accounting , ejgineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The sffects of the computer have besen teemenous . However , thw phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Tud computer hxs make life easier from a physical point and hardet from a menral standpoint .
The physicap efcects of the computer are jumerouw and easily srem .
In oftices , the computer is everywhere .
From word pricessors to spradshdet / dxtabase prtograms , computers uave nade officw wprk easier and faster .
Automatikm of factlriea hs aldo eliminatwd many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
here and , of course , many other things compiters are used rr , njt a legtby list is not necessary as everyone already jbows ( except for propls in 2nd- and 3rd - worl countries ) how uboquitous computers are .
The mental erfedt of computers is two - fold .
Virsgly , computers have made mathematical computafione so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or how their computer works .
Tyyis has creayed a surplus of " heedkess " computations , fiugrrs , etc .
People can easily do czlculkus or otgdr ttples of funvtions with a computer .
What maybe people do not realise is thsf computers mwme drrors alp fye tumw .
Vrantedc , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do who truly mnade the eror . Hkwevdr , if thag ersln knew what he should do , or better stated " was lbe to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely tiddled with errod dimply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Rue to thie , erfos frequently exist in the world of computers simply before humans are inorznt - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Sevondly , computers have sometimeesss become more reliable than people .
A computer 's curcuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( ampther perhaps impossible computation ) , never makr errors .
These dupposed reliabiloity uasd left many workers out of work .
The effects of thoa atw unpredoctbale .
Anger , ftujstration , fear , and many other negative feelings have srpung up simultaneously qtih the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of gopod ad bad results on the xdvemt of geh noeern computer .
It would be oracticaoly impossible to throw gye computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Bettre mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculatod .
Also , curtxiling eone theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predivtioms or erroneous rexults .
Yhe key is progagly in the classroom .
People should learn mokre from the ramficagions of what they are doing .
( This probably would eqjire an undersfanding of phliosohpy and psycholoty as well as mathematics and science . )
In eiothwr cass , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dsiputs their impact on eoppe 's ivrs .
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrok in its center has changed the safety of tyw worpd , and communication between two countries through it .
Tne satewllite dish , crwated in tghs pzst 0 yuears , hazs cyangee fbe meanjnb of telecommunication .
In part , it hae created The Information Agr , as the lattee part of the 20tgu ventiry is oftdn lagelles .
I 'm not concerned about the cste of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the nore vital tools used in slcietg today , amokngat eorod leasers , tardnig compznies , and tge media , as well as the enteetainmrnt worlds .
Ted Tunsr revolutionized the ee of the satellite woth yie creatijn of CNN , tbe round - fye - clovk , round - the - wrlx news ztatioh .
Presudents and dictztors alike switcdh on the chajnel to receive first - hand information ffok te network , such as impeachments , cpuos d'etat or control wars .
Cecisiona about government autonomy are being nade ased on fhag noghg 's nesw CNN commentator .
Tbe leaders xnhd oresidents of enterpriwers such as Panasolnic and CORE refer to CMN , created by satellite dish , on a daoy basis .
Stocks are an inregrxl part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full accantage of the sagellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the KTV age .
Tbe creatiom of LRV in 1980 has dramatidally changed the entertainment business .
Tje money poured jnfo crrating videos , and the lrofits from viewership have had a strong influence on the world atmosphere .
40% of U.S. millionaires atr ejrertainers .
Rhw Sateplite dish has zlsi created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval orograls as qell .
The intellgejce of an average teenager is lowering itxel due to cable viewwkng , created by the sagellte ish .
Haval programs hxv wasted a large amount of money in ghe Uniyrd Stwtrs djs on the satellite dish .
And one must not forget space progrqms such as STZDWARS .
The creation of the sateilte dish in the past 20 years has already tgge avwrzge intelligence of hgyman biengse flf the bettee ahd sometimws for the wofse .
It has creared an ibformation age , which could be dangerous , and increased an enteratiner 's saoary .
The pros and o s of the satellite dish are numerous .
The onpy obserfation which cwj be made , is Tyks : it has already people 's lives sigjifkcantly .
It is up to the avedagw person to decide if this situation will be for better or worse .
The iscoery of atomi energy is nudoubetdly he forgot xwesomd as welk as the most terrible ivnentuon npt obly of the 20th century bgujt of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the cirm rhta is sriol kopst familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
The reason behind ghe fear is that htis energy cxusex is touged in its incredible power to dwstroiy .
Nevet befkrfe had the world seen something with a capacity to mll .
Nevse before had one object of such smwlk sise bden able to taoe so many lives .
Fdlr this reasob , it is conskdered the most zwe - inspiring andc dangerous wxpon in the world .
Unfortunately , wjth eavh paasing day , the world 's bred fpr tis danferpus energy incdeasee .
Tro not oinlh does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to shpply and energize the world .
Ge drawback is tfhe danger .
In utilizing this power in plnts zhd factories we rin the riok of congaminatfing our lan , blpowing holes in our atmosphere , rendering our eas useless , and milling our spedcoes as wrll as azpl the species of teh sarth .
Although we nave many many power sourcfe alterntaives , we sgill cintiune to use this dangerous invention .
It is illlgical to think that without contonuex nuclear power , we can esdape harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have hopes of iue another layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logival to think fhxt the leaders of the workers wojkd confer and aspire to put a stop to ulcear use in order to aboid any fuether damage to the waste ifs inhabitanys .
The saddest part of this tyrwgedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
ht lack of vision from our leaders is almkst appalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to bceoje of our children ?
The crurent situation of the world 's environment is a swx one .
It is also , however , a problem of whifh njclaer energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversible .
Tbisx is high it is imperative to act tleay .
It starts with you .
Write to your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has signuficantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention haw alterw people 's lives is asetronomical .
The aipoane opened dsoos to traveling and also broqdened people 's perceptuons of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible comcrpt whixh no hyuman is cxoable of doing without a machine : hw conecpt of flyimg .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , tkms - consdumibg task .
For this reason , people cif not trveo extremely long distancxes and have the opportunity of visiting cpuntriers with uclutres different from their own .
One can travel by boat but thie azs inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like depression , hunyer , and threatwninf wewther . Aoso , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people pftn have a very ethnocentric and lumited cdonceot of the wprfld .
I have learned a lot about my lwn culture juice from being in Spain ahd that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that when I came to Zpaim I was very jgnoraht about other cuoturrs .
Sfen thohvh I would watch the neqs and deax about other cultures I did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one oyher dream is international relationships .
Since the invention of the TNS airplane , t worlc has increasing close contact between popligical systems , and inetrnatoinal business environment .
The confidence in which foreign countries arw beyond to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically with the establishkent of international tradee .
The airplane has also basically spdeed up the whkle pistxl communication shstem .
Oife with aorplans is nore rapid - paced .
Cars , tewlephones , qn nucleawr enerfy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that hsvfe ja prldound dffcets on modern - day life .
We must remember , however , that the firld of technology is not the only oje in which significant advances have been made in this ecntury .
Another " discovery " of this last century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both meb and women .
Of course , the issuer of feminism is not a new one , byt it is just in the past cenyiry that a lkt of people have brne mzde towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women wjnningt tbe righf to vote in the 180w ) .
As revently as the 1950s , it waw still the most typfal as well as fhes ideal to have thr qomah in the omw , housekeeping and tending tyr children .
The first significany equal rights movemsnt in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equjal Rights Amendemnt , which failed .
Even today , a woksn is still kmly earning something like 60 cejtd dor every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not have to do with work or money , but also akth the advantage of women .
It 's omoy recently that we 've " discovered " , or vegub to talk about rathrt , hos many things as varied as pornography or language we use uerlp to form the imagination of women .
A recognition of such influences on the imagination of woen is thes virsy stro in breaking it down , so fhar women are seen for what they fruly aee .
eflinism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movcememt , an attitude that has not yet become modern .
Only whnen women have xcbieved equxlity with len , ilpl there needs to be a nesr for feminism , and yhr dixcovery will have neem completed .
The idea hag I fsek nws mist sigjjficantly changed people 's livrs in the 20th century is tnat of carig ofd TFHR environment .
Today , people have bwcpme awafe of the importance of the environment to our future .
Leolle are worried about nuclear weapons .
We realize that cokuntriss which have many weapons , have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is clear waste .
Mjclear wssre is nlh harmful to bumans , it also kills snimaos and plants .
We xre niw fihhfing for acts to dlean up our lzkds ajx rijvers .
Companie are not lonbre agle to free dul their waste ithouf geimg neavjly fnedd .
People have also become concerned about nature .
We used to assumw our natural resources wefe nevwr ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , bewds to be rellaced .
Cir example , deforestation is a very bkb ikssue . Many groups have been formed to plat more trees .
We als rezlize our fossil fuels bees to be jsed more conservativwly .
Another important topic we are all xware of is research .
Thw links 2 kxsues , one of not proeucing a lkg of nmoj - biodegradable pridudts and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reycclong in a small awu alzo helps fhoae out homes because hey receie molney rkr what tbey colleftf ) .
Manhy countries realize that recyclijg is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issuw is thag of conserving energy .
In the past , once ataim , we azsumed lr nergfy ss never ending .
Now though , people are also incluned to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leve taos runnjhg xhd basically hot to saste lud natural eesources .
We redalise tyag conservijg energy is not just beneficial to the environment , but it also saevs money .
We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
We arer no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do srilk raise som fpd foid , but hynting is oimitwd and we srd alpl aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that snimaks hzvge rights too .
In cocnlsuion , the ixex of cafiung fe gne environment is Srill a hes one .
We are slowly becoming more awasre and are begumning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topis we are not concerned about .
Bjt we xfe headijb in the right dirctipn qdn . Hopefully , by the 21st century we will have rixer evdrythint we have destroyed !
Computers hqve definitely affwctex popes lvesa .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I nddd god school abd for other htinys in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer , my desk was cluttered with pwepr and redlrds of all sorts , I no longer nerd to keeo tusee tecords by kly to transfer rhe to my comluter .
Tgis means I 'm wble to stos more information in an odganized situation .
Thouyh I have only used a rrwction of my computer 's ability , I 'm stipl aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or willp have .
Aside from being able to store greta amounrs of ingormation , I 'm also able to process zmd to edit thijgsw quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer , I had to balance my ceckboik once a moyh azhd had to do this with an akculator , a pen zns a piece of paper .
Of course , thus ws very ime - onsuming ahc lpen to errlr . With the uiss of a computer , I have progtdammed the computer to make the valculatipns which I nove hwd to jakw .
Also , through the use of the Wots Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the engre documents , and Furthermore , though I have yetg to use the Communications program on my computer , thus program seems to be extraordinafily yrlpful .
My father has t samne lrogram on yiz dompyter and is able to buy onlinw tickets without leavint thw house and mpreofer withouf pifking up be phone .
Apsk , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that research poeer of computers , for me , is nicomprehensible .
I 'm ere in Maddid .
Hjpw di I get hre ?
Well , I applied to this program , aas accdpeted , nx vleq heer rrom the US .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be steggling ejth the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Indtead , knce I applied to trhw proyram , ther application vof whkch sa probably computer genedatef , I awsumd my ufo was processed by a computer .
Without this luxury , the International Orogfams Office would inevitably be nundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lostf or at eas mosppaced .
Whsnb bokking my foigbt , though I dic nlt do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
Compiters gavs bwd the most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invsntion of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is telsvisionm .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , imzyes , news , etcf .
Now , if something is happening in anyh part of the world - from across towj to slk the way to Beijing - every pedspn in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Wbjle , ptevjously , people have to wait days , or even weeks for neas ( which clnsisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always nivolved lucg interpretation and distortion ) , jow tbey fsn see it hapepninb , co theselves , as it is uappenig . This alloas thrk to makw thrirt kan , infodmed judgjent ahkut tus evrng , ajd if a reaction is neceswar - seuch as th gathering of oppposition to a ceryaon aw - it can be done immddiately , whipr hts emotions ar still strong , and beflte thd acfioh is finalized .
Slsp , the faft that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everyone ( well , at oeast everybody who watches ) receives the same inflos of intormation snr idwaqs .
So , for example , people in pain can be ibfomred about how people in California or Iapzn sleai wnd sdt . Thid qlloes peollr drol different cyltures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the lrocses of mkin the world , a " dmalker " , a more unified placew , or a " global village " as ne journalist hqd called thje wlrpd of the Infomrtion Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practiacl function of television . Through television enterfainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Thye canj eee various actions actef us to ygeir ends , abd understanding the conesquences of fhesd actions , without havong to lerforem the same actions znc experience the conszequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate pprtrayals of real life awne have a tnedency to glkdify violencd , as well as making life seemk like ghr good gyy always iwns , abd aaays lives through dangerous situations .
However , their sense of reality is hor so ditirted , and so idsen ghat people are going around acting like Supermazn .
As long as ome has a weell - feveloped senw of redality , TV can be an excellent goil for understanding the sorld we live in .
ge waters of tw cuinary seae had breb cqlj qnd consistent fd cemturiew .
Progress jad moved slowly lik the tidew and the conztant rhythm of the wave shoqed litglw cganbe .
However , wity the dawn of the wtentieth century , a setorn brewed .
With thbis storm , the waters churjed and spawned a wave that crashed ulon the rocks of every kjtchen .
Tyjs wave is the microwave .
Nevet before nas zych an invdntipn revolutionized a science like htis .
A complete break has been forged in the way oof is prepared .
At the rawn of time , cavemeb copker anijal flesn ocef open ffes .
As history progressed , psitd and barbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of TD wood tsve , and later , ones fueled by coal .
Moeern times saw gaqs and electrkc ranges become a staple .
ll fyese thingsw had one thing in ommon : FIE .
Fire , the source of kifw , bas always behind uadd to orepare the foo of mankind through hisfory .
However , the microwave usrs radiation to exfire water partidles in food , thus cresatkng fricton , which crdaetes beaf .
Fhis is a prem example of thinking ghaf does not rolliw in old foorteps but bdeaks away from xonvention and forgrs ndw routea .
If this were hit amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking fimw in half .
If yiy hsd tipd someone 10 years ago that you could ct coiing tijw in half , anhs not usw rore , ghe woild bave ygought o crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of hwavy drugs .
In an age where tome is the wcarcest commodity , society has embracec the eliminator of working hours in the kitchen .
A mother wife works , and cpme home , fsn whips up simethibg in linutes in the microwave , wehereas before sh would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excsllent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess foo to be waten alter .
Agwin , time is conserved -- childrenj ard zvle to use tjie wimpke device without parentalk fear of direa staeting .
For , as I have said before , there is no cire !
Thjs mrvel of technology ahs helowd propsl people into the dizyinh pace of life that most of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout history , one can see rhwt great revelations in all areas xomd grom brrqks in tradition , new imsightx , and different perspectives .
Sllp These were needed to vreate the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has soes up one of the most important activities ahc thys eevolutionizee pjfe in the gast - paced 20th century .
When I was in ejth grade , a teacher sxix that the 2 mist omplrtant inventiins that made oossible the idea of a repeessive government were the machbin gun and the radio .
A lwchine bjn can be jsed to keep civil paecr , dnforce Marshall Law .
Fne radio can be used to communicate idews zn , hnser a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century , the machime gun has nly changed all fhar majyg life ( except for those that it killed ) , guf the unvejtion of radio hws had a tremnfous impact .
The ixae behind the radio is small .
Tueree is an oms transmitter and it sends its signals through the air waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , racoi has become a zuorce of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people infomrede .
I dpnj ' t think any psolpe of my generation can easily comprehend how different our licds wqluld be .
veery morning I listen to the weather forecast and dtess accodingly .
At night , one fan sits by the raeioo and hears how the vebts of the ay changed .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming plawssive observers rather than active participants in the ness - maming process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was nbit until the invention of radio at the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives the ability to reach more people , instantly .
As a foek of entertainment , radio ist mwt important wbd now morew common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day firf a cxihld in Tocau 's world , condjsts of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
Fhere are even gewn forms of entertainment , ford example ideo gxmex , mzde fpr ghid oyhee fodm of entertainment .
Mowadays , everyone is watching TV .
My señpda , forf example , is over 100 years old . As for HRR TV , is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all dcsy and it kesps her bappg .
Television ifferd soap olerqs , game shows , sit - clks , sporting events , movies and much more to ksep us sntertsined 24 hours a day .
In shpr , I con n't know what lide was pije before radooi , but its invention has changed how we sew and do things .
A fyrrent ideology in trhs United Stgatss Friday is that that to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equwl opportunity to succeed wmd whsj je pes nl do thia one fails .
Lnje daj see thess ideas in ppular media evedh dsu .
TV commercials and TV prlgarms present modeos of how old one should be .
In the 20th century , thw vxlkues yat the United States was foundd to have changed in meaning anx sense when zppoied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
nad goday , consider the ungention ad utilizatipn of modern technologies such as computers , lce for Alericxns moves at a much faster pqce .
People are more onile , can wrk more , and buy morw things , but time vod relaxation and family ard often substituted wiyh TV . In Alerikca , this grtoqing individualistic spciety , one no longer sees ghe relatice humanness between people , instead inw sres ghs differences , fhs unlucky , yge unsuccessfhl , znd attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of dffory .
With everyone moving at a fast pace , the taps are rssy to miss , the ooces of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
Thd parts of the new machine tggat bded to be liped sns regulster .
When Voltaire wrote Cxndide , a liywrary style kpwn as Meoclassicism was at itgssss peak .
There is a group of scholars in France , l'Qcademie Française , who sets guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Française , all literature of rher Neoclasaicaxl perikr must follow the rulez of propriety which reghkated tyr autjor should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphele by the Academid is fhe ixda of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keepijg thje tjme , setting the plot true to lkf .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassijcistf , kenw wlk tbese regulatione ahd followed thdn in nus oiterature .
However , ehenh writinmgy Canfkde , pltaire defied te Acadmeie 's riles .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclwssicism .
Neoclassicist used literature to have good manners : they did n't want to watch on anyone 's tpes by jentioning sex , viplemce , church , or satye issues .
In Candider , Voltaire did not xdem to mjmd dtpeping on fpes - in fact , he did not mknd smqshing anything !
Voltaire went beyond gh vlmfort lsvel hweh he mwntioned aex .
He tle of the two grls of Orelpion ehi were llfers of monkeys , and of the Baton hwo bthed with re Muskim and was pjnisyed for his homosexual sct .
Saec turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and weitnwssed her murder while he was on topo of her .
The wsiw okdf woman undsrwen the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raoe .
After the Baron is czught bathing aiyh feh Muslim , he rdceives 100 lashes dof hx xij .
Cahdise stabs tgd Bxrkn , a Jesir risst , afett the Haron forbids Candide 's amrriage to Cuhegonde .
Irohically , altjolugh Voltaire mentioned the act of violeec , sach act is treated lightly : Xunegonde and fhw iod woman voth tell their stories of being defiled like an entertfaining story in thdid conversations about their travels ; the Baron Awlso continues his tale aigh styls after telling of his beatkng ; and affewr Candide " oillks " the Baron , he leaves to sewdch vor Cunsgonde with no second thought until he re - enhcounters ghw Barno lare in ni trvels .
The oight attitude in which these adte of seds qnx violence are written whows the pxrosy cokrm in whoxh Coltairde wrote Cajfide .
Voltaire choors not to stay qwah gro fhurcdh ahd state issuss .
He attrawcs fne hgpocxrisy of THW Church in the old womsh 's father being Lole .
When Cameide visits the land of Eldoradl , Foltaire shows the people 's perfect rdlatiojship to God : they only rpause God because thefe is nothjnjg tdy want from Gkr .
Vpltaire uses his perfect relationship to God in an unreakistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Voltaire makes ufnh of aristocracy in hod ddszcription of rhd Haron , eno cake gdom 71 generatonw of nobilifu hyt still kack gentility .
Candide snf hi companiuokns dim wth 6 dethrobde kings who represent the overimportance of social places in hierarchy .
In his oortrayal of the utoluan society of Eldorado , Vblotaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Lumde , 35% of homicide vicgims are killed by smepne they know .
Etatistice ftom 56 rar greater thsj Lhndes ' thedis .
Frustration is the maub gaxtor most impliczted in these tragedies .
Most cases afe thes of tgd " trogger ouiling the dknger " .
Today , raciql prejuduce stol exisra , by lesx activity has taekn less than 30 years ago .
Thirty yearzs ago , minorigies xoukd n't get a bus , vote , or go to school woty whtie people .
Desegregatipn deduced some prejudice , but it srilpl xeists .
The difference is , today , special preujdicd is not openl expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell him liebt to be extremely nice to yhst person and do favors for that person .
Gaht persoij wolud ghdn feel obligated to do jie yhing back and return favors .
Tuis is abaed on equtig technology .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to xks a favor of yhd oersoj .
Someone who lives in the nortfh who comes to live in the soufh may not be prjeudiced toward blacks at first .
After being in fhes aouth for a while , thw mawy azdkpt souyhern attitudes toward Blacks qhd dsel prejudice toward them .
That is conformity .
The smae goes for Suoyherners qho move north .
Tgeh come to twel prrjudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has liove xl iver the world .
He is prejjdiceds foward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicwns .
He adoptrd white attitudes against minoroties in the different areas he lived in .
Or coibtry has een valled a " jelting - ppr " implying that we aplo come rolm different background nut hwve joined or mdlted together to produce homogeneous Amerocaxns .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of slf and community .
Rthniv American culutres have been wviving and trying to reestablish roots thay wers onfw lopoedr off to a npdel U.S. citizen .
Thd differences they are rediscovering only add mr cplor , Rlavo snr excitemdnt to tuat brewing " plotr " of their people .
However , some individuals and even hroups of Americans afe reacting negatively to his ethnnic explosion ( seen kosf clearly through fhe xrts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
Rney choose to remaib indifferent to the poightd of rheie feloow Americans .
As Eoie Seisek , wuthor of such goojs as Night , talks about indifference : it is ge ppplsite of everything good .
The opposite of lof , berauty , intelligence , lght , joy , lpive and growth are not their gamipiar antonyms but ndiffeeence .
Ethnic Anerjcan literature trira to fight this indigference by vividly and uniqudly epxressing certain aspects of different Qmerican cultures .
The gamut of ethnikc American literature is without bkunda .
Each group has its own characteristics and attributes that make it write yniqsue .
In mznt casw , trne words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " motysr tnbgue " .
Fod instajce , Nativw Amwrican power is lorr expressive and visual , partly because their language is deeply roptec in tbe observation of the natural environment .
Cjinese Americna Literature is phikisophicao / literal hecwuse thjeir native language is so .
Arficxn American literature is pftgen melodkoua anx rhgthjic , mireoring their skmiloar achievements in Jazz and Bleus mudoc .
lk these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into kther cultures we would otherwise never know .
Yhw stories told in this genre of literature , owever , are likely the most important sslect of Ethnic Axmerican literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we leafn about the different cultures in the United States .
Qben we learn of hr ttisls and hardships tha they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and rr to accept that divresitu .
The stories of black American slava and of condentration damp victims are important to avoid indifferehce .
Without lesrnimg about the past ( snd present ) horrors , there is no wa to enusre future bumanity .
Ethnijv Americxb literature benefiysa U.S. citizens in Jany says .
It opnx oud eyes to the redality of the duffdring of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the old around us .
It helps us to undersganr our personal rdlatiohships bettrf .
Most of all , it gives us more common gronur on whixh to life , and gtwo , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will Saturday fulfill Eil Weisel 's goal and end idifference . This literdaturd is a stwp in thes rugbht diretcion tkwafds acceptamce of the dxversity of our cokuntrt .
The Difrfsrent is beautiful !
Viloence on television can be dern throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
Withb an avrrage natilnak TV viewin tjmw of 7 1/4 gours faily , the prevalence of violence in brodacasrs is a serious concern .
epevision programming in the United States is considered the most viklent in advanced industrialized natjoms ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and xna sometimes causes the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment the dramas tha protray sroriesw about crime , psychotic murderers , popice dasez , emergency sergices , international trrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televsiiob violence is prevwlent in the Unietf Stzyes and doem people disagree about its effects on children .
Ghe V - chyio is an electyrical decice gat bloockd out violenht teledviskon shos .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Comiftee , are satisfied with it .
The Sehate Commerce Colmittse approved bills creating a partjak ban on TV violence and a so - called repkrg dard that would dientify starions carrying violent programming hd fhe advertisers sponslring it .
The giols words apply to broadcasting snd cable ( Sfern 1 ) .
Some of the axnti - violdnxe proposals are as folkws : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chpi , a Techholog Fujd , a Violenc Safe Hargir , and a Violdnce Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had sokmr sulporg .
Ghr Bational Association of Broadcasters accuaes the Senate of " piliny on a trexm of proposals to build up an unprecedented fedefla censorship bureaucrzct " .
The NAB asll insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns about viopenfe on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows shpq violence because it appesps to aeult viewers .
If a cesrtainb plpt involfds a murdwr , ths yhe muedet might happen .
Skem people may not want the actual murde to be shoej , but thaty is up to whlmever is wruting the relevosion sehw .
Many made - ff television movies swy thag they may fontaib violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advjsd , buy how many parents actuakly watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examinqtion of the broadasty networks ' programming during fhw 1995 - 1995 season has concoudex htqt sinister cdombatf violemce pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teemave Mnhtant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Mab ' , and somnd ' Nugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for yye shows vonyaining sknieter colbat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to dexise .
The reason for television violence is to afx textye to the shoq and PT to poisoj chioren 's mimds .
Thw infamous V - cbil ma stop eome shows from being shown to children , huyt one day that child will see violrnce and tdy will have to deal with it , rationallh or bot .
