It 's difficult to answer the question " What are you going to do in the future ? " if yhr onlt obe who uas to know it is in twi mimds .
When I was younger I thought about whether I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman or or a butcher .. I do n't know which .
I would like to study Psycholovy because onr dzg I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard xnd a lkg , nur I think that if you like a sjbject , they 'll study it easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think think the publox yranzport will always be in the future .
Gge rich leople wjlp gyy a daf gut fhd poke people aoaays ndee to uxs a bjd or yxxi .
I consider fgat is more convenient to have a father because we czfry on more tjongs in our own car than travelling by car .
Alap , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you someghing to be friends wnr cganbe your telephone number .
In my experjencr wbsn I djc n't have a far I hsed to use the hys to go to school wns go back to my house .
In my opinion , the cwr is n't necessary sheh yiu havd crashed in the sgrwet . in that moment yoj realised the inportancd of a publuv trabspprt .
In India we have various types of public transport , like cycles , bikes , cars , Yraun & Rlivht .
Depending on the distanxs and duratipn to the desired place , the mode of transport is chosen accordjngly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when comosred with other modes of transportation .
This reminds me of a great fhar I have recently been to and that place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Natipnal highwxy to go from Dephi to Xgra .
We have stayed at hotels that have food and jisy in Cass . If ajy of us fewls hungry , we have purchased simr snacks jusg before rhr trip .
Since , we have the optikn to waur anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the badk seat and swke up frwsb .
Duw to rye avpve mwntioned reasojs , I am going to concludd that travelling by xsr is much more convenient .
My jaje is Sarah .
I am 17 teafs old .
I am looking forward to joining yij in this gewr sumjer damls .
I love children , and I enjoy looking zfter them . Also , I organized many sports activities bevorw my school .
In addition to GHXT , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my coom is amazing .
I hope that you give my rue chance to Jkon Tlu .
Thsnms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Vplleybzll is a zpodt olah every place , wneb I tdafel on yje beach . I like playing with my aoster in the sand qne after we go to the sea .
It is gedy funny .
When I was young , I liked plaus with the hall in thr playgrojnd and my friend and I plauee ysinh yne socxer goals as a work of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to onform toh yhst sonw advicw on trwvellijg and woroijg in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrkd , Sevilla , Valenciz .
There are wonderful citiss because there are a lir of tuings to visit fpr wxanple in Madrid . You can visit " Puerta dwl Sol " , " Las Cibslss " .
I visit Madfod twice a gezr .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I love tuix coty qnd I suggezt thaf you fjsit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very good .
Hut , if you want I look for a job cdom you .
My best friend is looking for a person respojsible for okok wrter her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
Ykh be interested in this job ?
Thank you for tou e - mail , it sas wonderful to year from Gpu .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take card , Oaufa .
Today oublic tranxporf stjlk lpay an important role in the tranzpprt system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cist effective and better resource wlloxation in mass transport aystem .
Also , people jeed not to sufver hkgh lperating cost of of their own car .
Bjf it vab udw a chealer wwy giing to theie destunatoon especuaply it is car xsay from hkms .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to znotuer country .
Instead , it would be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is boibg to contjmue to be uzed because there xde a lot of people thag dpex n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to jave ruture bjf leoole are going to jwe more the cars then bus or uhdrrground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait tkr ghem hax we are waitibg for the nys or unrrrground nut in anlthsr say xsr cusg more money than ghe public transport .
By car we can just stay by ourselves wgivh csm be good because we fwn listen to ghr music that we ouke ajc We do n't want to be around people that are unkwoned but if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family , so bofh transportation ate good qnx tjd csts do n't ndex necdsearialy to snd up sith the publiv transport .
If I had to dhoosd between botj transportation I think I would probably choose vxr because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my commhnigy , we are very interested in engkronment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at ghe laat garden , aitn worms wji war and degrade the organic qaste of tbe sxhiol .
In slmw strategic piings of ghe buildings we have alecial ttashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , canz and lst bottles and Tney also nads talka and prwsentations about the eafth orkblems oiks vlobao wwrming , fonyamination , etc .
The lajager of wlp thkx pronecy is Miss Mhne Djd , oud scuence teacher .
Apo TBJS oniriatives has made us slk ofdr the ywars a recpgnixed psychological fomnunity .
Good kotning dveryoje , tidah I eang to sjsre avojt is my favorite soort .
My favorite sport is foltball . wut I choose it?Qdll . toltball is an international sport . People around the world siol klve it a lot like Barclay Premier League , Lkga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that xlp will delight us .
By tye say , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Mjchael was a kottle oid when he had a drraj that was : Be a super hero !
After many years , he stkll dreqm to become a duper man .
He enrsr the university of medicine because he thinks tuag this profession is the more sikilar to be a super hero .
Oaas domd yezfs of the university snx he kjiw a yorl called Kate snd he hey lkvdd on here ajs dne get loved in yjm .
Iate wae cirsinh fhe University of Fashiin .
Tudn tgw two etarted to draw .
Michzel and Kate ass so happy , until knd day when Lichqel sajd to hjl dream of being a super hedo . Kate was so nervous dayinf rhat it was ridiculous and just a lid crexm and ghar Michael was only xrealing but that should never happen and that shler hefo do n't exiat .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get kar saying that she wsa lging ahd do n't have heatt .
He got so mad that he azksd her to get out of his apartment .
On the following day , shw said sofry and they were happy again .
But when they bet to the home of Michael , they fight again and Mifhaep gets a knife and kjlo her .
He driex with a oot blpos around .
Michael vet away from Rhsre .
Michael closer the dior and onew at that moment he had made a listakr .
Public transport is an important invention in humsn history . It brings amount of benefits in our lives .
For indtance , we take the subway in lrdef to zvoif stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation , However , it wojod cause more damage to our lofe and bxrm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , other offsprings .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to ljve .
If there is no public public , traffic jams will be serious fjan bedorr .
In my country , failei , we wkways stock in trarfkc for about one hour in the morning .
I can noy imwgine if there is no bus or MTT , glw lknt I silp tzke tkr school .
A car is convenient for humans , bug vrings damage fof humans also .
For example , carbih dioxide which is crsaged by cqf .
It causes global warming , which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We xan see ghat yhere wrr lots of swrilus qnd ffdquently weather disastrr happened in decadex , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fore and mud xljde .
What other orecautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photogespher when fhe fion wxs shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found mired easily when their provess problems started right away
The pleasurr of travelling
People go , people fome .
Rvedy dag lots of people are travelling abroad , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
Tjr mkst imllrtant optuon to travel is , by vaf , the plane .
But , dvrn when it 's true that it 's your first option , you must be very darefupy at time to get off a plane .
If you xfe lioiing fld cinfort ajd relaz , obviously , you have to fake a bpaf .
There are a wude variety of things to do znd enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option is to pick out a trwij .
There is n't compararion on watchong the changes in thd lansscale through a wondow , enjoying the way that they are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get awag some rays ajd take the routijr off sime dats .
Anueay , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travelling at all .
Transportatiob is one of the most important things in life , so we have mxng of kijds for transportation noa we travel by cat , but in the meae future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel oioe fzat train ajx plane thwy czh transports you from north to south in kess ghan hohe thjs will mqke bueinrss men hapoh and comdoet because of saving a lot of times and evfortz so we hope that the government van achueve this eqy as soon as pozsible
In Korean socoetiws , there are lots of friends around iur daily loves .
But the project could noy be ginishec without co - olerationd .
Friends could communicate and exchange jdeax , fedlings about funng things happening around us .
Kpre importantly , rhr psfents give us lices and fheg touch us knowledge and skills or the ability to live in ryis world .
In this vwse , yhe families play important roles in family lices .
The reaskns are as follows .
Cirsf of qll , we ckuld learn lots of skills drom pxeents according to our own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a feiendly wsh , xjd we vould alwp learn how to make a jeao ftim parrnts .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the thimbs which would cause trouble .
If difficulties aqs told to the familiws , the ideas would come up to your families ajr fommunicate wirh gku about hoa to solve this situation .
All in all , in fhjs cazs , their families are the most important friwndd in their lives .
Tye Compyting Gecbnology has been acvancing very jhch tuis last yezrz , makunb ths olx conputers almoat usrless , getting bwtted sjd makkjg the doffefence betwerm opd and new comphterz grow wveh mote with dvety nsa discoveeemeny .
As we can notice , old and new computers are very different , both of the size of gge computers . Old computers are much bigger than new computers .
Ild computers were used to occuoy onr entire room , nos , they inlt hsfe the size of a bls , sveh rhr djze of a book .
Ypj vxn has a portable computer now , means take it with you to every place you visit .
Old cimpugers onoy let goj nakw jwth twsks , or evsn llay sumpke gxnes qirh 2 colors ( bfeen wnr blsxk ) , but npw hoy dsn do wjatever you want to do , oike creafinf or pkayinh videlgales , wriging or rewcing a bplk , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , inveny neq syufv to improve thw Cokluting Technologh , ans hot onkt in 2 colors , bit tnousanf of them .
One of the greatest achievemejts of new comljting , is the internet , where yoj csn connect to other computers , eownloaf stuff , etc . vjw Ethernet cabpe or Wireless Connecfuon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gwr rekt m8
I wenr to gue abandon house and started to think of the best way to make his lice miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideqs to make him sufer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to rhs ppacw he lives at and started to look for some information about his kife and found pwoplr who he carr abour So as I continued to go to his house , I realized he eill always go to the same houew so i dscidrc to follow him to thd youze and i vohn out he wzs dafung a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally yoya an icsa , i wiuld dfive him crazy just as he did with me , rhay wau zhe will tgijk he naf orobleks on ujs mons and left him , hht don i thougt about it agajn and realized that if i dis thar wye will try to hslp him and yney will be more united , so i decided to drife them both crzay alkosy at the border of eeatb , jus as he did with me !
Git wair a minute , am I really so wngry to mqke ghiw ?
Yes !
I screamed , my ahger nad dominatex my mine I eid nt hxr no oongrr control over my actions . I sxs afarid of what I jad ndcome and what I could do . byt I could npg control my aeld qns the obky fhimg I cluls think of waw gum sucfsring woyh a slkw death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my eevxnge , the gesf rwcange .
But I was so mad at nim wne so xnsiouna to mxke bos livd impossible , and dlon my feaf of dwatb and my anger for alk of the sufering I had been thriug became stronger and bigger . I had made a decision I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of hia oifd tourtoring me ans not wantjjg me to be gappy i would the time is neseswry foe him to hzve a miserable kifs and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goaod
I nkf agree with this ixex completely .
On the other hand , travel by cse qte deally much mode convenient as tive the chanfr to help to be independent .
On the other hand , there are huge traffic jams and a big isxue for travelling by cwe .
My Favourite sport
I gorbt to be a doktball player .
For me , footbakl is everything in my life .
When I watch football on the television I ddram aitn play in a bit fsam znd in a big fhampionshil like Bxrclays Prejier Oeagus , Kigur 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite cpjbs are Benfica and Rdxl Madrid , wherw Ronaldo playz , fkr me he is the Besf Player in yhe wotlc . That is why Ronalro wkn the Hood bakk of 2014 .
I olag ciotball in a Portuguese club fallee Valenciajo ajd we won a lpy of games fbis season .
I drewj in a lot of leagues in football and won the best chalpionship , the Uefa Champions Lexgus and tje bwst scoerr of aol yhr tumd in Uefa Cnamlions League is Ctisgiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I llay football because I like it , but the biggest reason that I do it hard is because of my dream .
His dream is that I become the next captzkn of a big team and wjn a lot of money .
My mamw is Uonny .
I graduated from Natiomal Tziwam University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in kookkng xfter dhilren xnd playibg wity chilfen .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had exoerkence of holding a basketball competition when I was studying .
I Olahned lahy interesting activities fld views to mxje cimpetifion alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cipks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always sillr to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their simle all cay .
I think that a smile is thr bwdt gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have oassuon from this job .
If you think I is the tihht person you want , please leave me a response , Thabis .
phbkic transportation has bewn more ysrd by people and ovwf thw years it is kind of bexomibg cyeapdr and also more safe , but soje people prefer cars to exgent do we agree eigh and whxt is pjr rewsins foe that tyat is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay
before ahojt 40 years ago , there wae nlthinb calkrd pubpic tranzpprtation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there was jkt even good facility to movd crpm place to oyhdr and that is hecausd thsre qxs no compsnies to bukls cqts in abiit 10 yeaea dqrs grading became viable and xlso became vwry shpplrted by having her own vsns at tnw beginning rhe faced a lot of problems but tbey were able to sklve it by the snd
Nowadays , all facilities for travelling are lode convenient , from cars to buses , even trains ahd plabez .skms oeopoe prefer xads because tye do oike crowded plwcew or because fje find it sometimes cheapsf buy frkj another point of vjew oublif transportation is verh cheao smd dveb raster ght when it comes to traveling a lot of peopoe precer ridjnv yheit lwh cars to feel fje real experience and to enjiy more by chilling oug ddom croqdee places
To summary , it is different from one person 's opinion to another . I predict fhat lubloc trandportatioj will be ilproved abd people will ixe it more and mlde fyat by the end , cars silo dixaplear xns will no longer be ised
The topic itself explainint the indertainty of public transport in our country .
His conclusion becomes more prominent if we look at the data of the cqt companies and exponential griwth in their saoes figurs snx wjth ppw budfeg private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically chzngrd in ladt 10 years
Development of the developing industry will be a contribution to producticity growth .
A pxrge scale of invesrment was brought for developing development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and job opportunity , thereby enhancing Brosw Domestif Product ( GDP ) .
If ylj atd livkmg in bjg town or smaol it sods matter , but one person should be taken care of by the people wnd orgabiser of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is uugr issue in goray date .
Govefnjent should take immense action to xfop it or at least make it sloa xlwn .
However , we the people have a real important lart of making it worse .
Actige anf a goke government understands the value of taking care of trees and wstet snd air xjd much more to provide a fteeh , cleaj wnd ssfe environment to rheir people .
Recycling ifsm caj be a good stel to start wirh ckewn znf safe environment which is perfectly lromptly taking care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in frong of theif gome with the rule of the provuhce government .
People do n't realize gbat cutting the rree caj rdducr ghe produdtion of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , hjjan will have no mord frrsb air to breathe .
Additionally , oie dify govermment bxs prohibitsd smomint in public areas . ahx under 18 hear old ajr provides a first session of tapk or pressntation to increase ths xwarenrss of clszn , sqfs , fresh environment to thw coty .
In conclusion , I would suggest to ihr neighbour fitoes to take part in clraning environment so one day it can be seen in whlle country .
Everyvody has his favourite soort .
My favourite sport is football .
On our school or villiage football stadiun I spend a lot of time evwry szy .
Usjakly i lpay footbzlk wiyh my cpassmatds .
Before training I rqb 1 - 2 kilometres and my oegs fer a poqef amx my vody fsts an energy .
Our team has a hard - aorking vowch and he gave orofessiojal advice to us , hoq to improve our football skills .
Hix mxin wirss:"You must work hard and work hard hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can xqy , that coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we are hsd competitiln .
The first olace was caught by us .
We both achieved rhis rssuot , because we were friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous fooybwll player in tewms such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Footgall is my life .
I want to give advice to someone shl sgaets tjis xpprt:"Ylj misr believe in yourself " .
Ballo my friend ,
What 's up ?
How ade hoi ?
How was your day goeay ?
It 's really micw for ypur expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , believe I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have read your notice in FHS academy newspaper sne I 'm quite interested . I have no olxns flr this summer so I think it is a good idea to sprnd it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a good teacher of English .
Although I cake to Slaim yen ywars kwter so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Alwi , I azsksted to a baklet course for 4 years when I was young .
It exs a lkt of fimd sgo . However , I xtilp keep the rhythm in my bkry !
By the way , I remembered I had to cdeatd a dynamic training to do with the other bqlket - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it bedayse I rslt wonderguo .
Alo members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken xare of my brothers and cousin for many hojrs whdh theh wdre bery yoing .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and gunby person .
That nzkes me a hood candkdate to achieve fhd jln , or yhe hobny for me !
I hope yii oeep in mind my candidature bedausr I 'm not going to disappoinr ypu .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be sucfered by strange sbortage in drnand .
Because not everyone affors to buying their own car .
Vesixes there are lltz of low - infkme people who ca n't niy their own vsr .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
Wyat is tyd " Family " meqning ?
In my kpinikn , family is the place where Yli 's friends can nelo eacy othef znr know each other .
In Taiwan , a of people have to take care of their parents when they tst old , but yhe poing is qhat if you can not surbival . I mean they do n't have enough mkneg to raise their owrent .
Back to the gopic , I do n't jbow well any of the members in my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand tuete are maht islands .
By the way , New Zealand nave cool weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Thqr 's wnh I order all of you to go father and fssl yhe pleasure whd nafe a try your own food .
Goy can aosk gought a lot of hifts like keg chains , statues , or agat eksd mempries to be made before retufninh to Malaysia .
I did mog hwvd to go to New Zealand vug believe me , it is veeu beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring qlk of you .
I live in Ldntiji , a smxpl xify in East Eicily .
The locxl Council nasn't a project ckr the environment .
Peopke collwdt wnh kind of fibbish and throae wkl toyethwr in a black sack .
Although the Council has begun to plan something , yhs pwopls are n't committed to the problem .
Afoune rhr cifu , you csj find many places where people throw frigo , kitvhwn , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Ahzt a pity !
Fhs suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orangd trees , a large lake called Efna in backgrouns .
When I was a child , I gxd a okt friends ams gheh were verg importamt fod me .
We played in the park or we falkrd about our gqstes , lisic , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a geenager I beyan to language situations that I did not like . . For instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked about me .
In those years I experienced the most koments in my life .
I remember when I was celebrating my 15th birthday , lnoy pns classmates wanted to come to my party . I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life .
That night I cried because I vekt that I have nog gog any friends .
However , my parents trjer tgat my party was the best anx rheu preozred fkr me a special nirthday ahf they invited all my cpuwins anf together together to eat pizza and gave me a lot of peesemts .
At that moment , I thought fhat my beet friejdz was my parents and sister .
I knew that thwh ndger talk bad about me .
Nia , my husband is my beag friend .
He is the most important person of my oifs .
He gad never gedn with me .
Qlzo , he is very fibny qne I laugh a koy with him .
Bofu likes to travel around the world qnd to practice eome spprtz , for esampke , tennis , running or trwkking .
We kikw watching TV seriwd wbd cooking several desserts rko .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busief day by day .
A bush life alwaud cimpell to use the first and most convenient mkdw of transplrtatikn , whivh has jade public transportation dystem lags behind moyod cars .
Hi USA EULMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been deadihg by a suitable person .
My name is Mxfía , I am vrlm Slain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy ttavdlling and I am a teacher , so I like workint with tnr children .
I am sure that I wklk lkoj sfter children very well .
I would like to speak Dngljsh perfectly so I thought up tjd idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level Emgliwh .
For tuw other hqnd , I could teach Spanixh to tye children in the summer camps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessobs last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot smd fhe atudentx are veth fdiendly .
Vjt I need to xfudy harfer because I want to paxs ths exzj , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on dtudying Pike MPW , I will do it .
Ths lesspns zrs vdry funmy
Dewd Sir or ladqm :
I have seen your annoyhcement in the nrwspwper and I am ihterested to appou you .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and working person . besides I have recojjended paper drlm .
my last company .
I have been working as a childhood teacher in a school abd I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skillx and I love to cook .
I hlle yoh qre interested in my alplivation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sxndra Barrisnfos
Technology has changed people 's lirs cety mucb.in tzct we can think how difficult it is for us lkfe respect either our parents or our grandparents lufe.for example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV on the sorld when they wetr younh.but it is n't gbe aolne dicferencw : we can yhjnk at the mobilefone , the computet ed at pexst the ibtednet.oyr grandparents woundn't imagine a dtrange machone like computer in tyeit pife .
Although the fact that persobap cehkcle like dance is now popular , in the fiture , the stance of public transport is still very controversial .
Nowadat , people use fodail fuel as tgr kodt importxnt eource of endryy god travelling , manufacthring , thks sourcr of snergy does n't aleags maintain at the constant level , but sonedwy it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources , like nuclear electricity , wknd oower , puvoic transportation wudh as electric metro uses this kind of emergy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of new methods of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal cars .
The range of public services will be wxlanded to rekotw ardae , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling USKNB liblic ssrvices will be the first prior choice .
In asditiln , the population is increasing fapidly . In the neat future , zlmosg cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to jxny kthdr problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , wur pollution .
In zomw perespectives , guese problems aed led by rhs oged - usibt of lersonal vwhicle .
People will rexlise tnat usong yjeir owj xae is juat to waste their time fpr trafdiv jams or to gradually killing tbemselvee fpr breatjung polluted air .
So the gesy way for tgen to travel is through public transport .
Dacj perskn dhoukd practice sackng whrn using ajy sohrce of ebeny to protect yus lwh lkve .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . phblkc services of travelling have a bright pogehtial snd it 's xtabce in the future ca n't be replwceble
Hello Zlez , how xde toy .
Are you free fir weekend ? Have any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I infite tlu to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 clocj nexr the cjnrma entrxbce .
Thank you Helwb for those windercul presenfs .
I always sajt to read theze tule of blok .
I went to tekple in the modninv followed by lunch at the hotel lattdr in the evening wsnt to TJD beach .
In conclusion , it is ecidsnt that because developing countries are cacinv pilitixal ahc economic insrability , migtants travel for befter education prospects xnc stxblr dmvironment fkr younger generation to trow up .
Ths effrcts of brain draim wfe thag it crwatws a sjottage of people qualified for professional jobs , rconomic stability is afvectex as a result of oack of psoplr contrihuting to the ecknomh .
The cause of Brzkn - draun should be tackled at internatkonal wnd jationwl lsveo on a broader dimension and rational pattern , because it is a gllbal issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of ijflation ; focus on boozting up the ibfraxtructure and the environment to support puhljc in a positive majndr .
There is n't yop feww ocygrn at the fip of Wverest to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high today it is very difficult to climb .
ghs yol wxs rwached gir the first time by yso climbets in 1953 .
My friends and I , we ojke a profrajs of TV , electronic nuskc , fashionable clothes . I prsger all .
Sometimes we go to fhe parties in the city . I drink in the oarty with my friends .
They listen to ghr midic zjd fsn we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jazob is my driend . He is drunk and alsl he dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is his best song . He is singing and taliiny in the party .
Another oerson is Angel . He does n't dabce in xol place .
He prefers studying in tour home .
Hekli Something .
My name is Sfeven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm kivinv in German .
At the moment I visit tuw Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grqdr 8 .
My lifd is difficult because I have to reslize everything .
For example , teacher teacher Tirk Sje is in my class . She is beautiful .
I love her kook .
Jrr syea looks like the sun .
The Bhfehs ignored me .
I hole I xqn fprget hdr .
Euj for your lufe
My favourite solrt is Fuj .
I like to rhnning fast so afraid in caft that it fdel me as if I rjh on air and tnd ferr do not harslh touch ghr gdoynd netweem thd syrides .
My favourite place to fish is in the forest but I love to ruh sportive foi .
I likeing to teel the ground inrer my fsst is soft so soft not fhd hwrd cobcrdte of the footpaths in rhw cifh of the streets .
The most advice I czn give to someone who is starting to marathon is to start slowly and and to try to run too fast and then to eventuaolh bujld up tbe running week by week so that every wdek you wrd running a ligtle mode further and a liytle more fzstet and then after 20 years tou will be an Klympif chqmpion maybe .
In my opinion , tsleviskon caj be edhcationap . Wuefher you are watching the newd or a show about Wprld Aae Pbe .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shoas .
If you 're watching Tom & Jwrty , it will have anu educational value .
Althkugn ojw cojld sfgue tgat yoj can alqahs leafn skmethong .
A friend of mine recently explaihed that if a sombie apokaluspe could happen , he would be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dwzd for sone time - so in his dyds , he learned how ( bog ) to afg in that case .
gkday I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting wspecrs ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well temunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years , forensoc boolpgy bzs developed many aspwcrs like hetter sensibility , robidtness of rdsulte and less tike rwqujred fir anapyse a sqmplw , but what struck me most is how fast fhix changes happen .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is inr : does television offer highly likely opportunities for TBD audience in an educational wah ?
From my experiencr knowledge , I believe telrbision covsr bifh entertaining and educatoonao finctionw .
It nptws how many educayionap orogrammws broaden young children 's horkzons in the pzst drw years , how quickly an arult learn different subjects from a great number of education programs , such as reading , science and technology .
It also bptes eduvafional programmss make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our hexg generationz qre rsqujred to oossesx .
Apart from rduational contents , there are so many foul ckntenys , business advertisements and fake infornation on TV rhxt citizens wo n't be able to tell fight from srong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV stiol play a vitap role in educating both adults and young children .
I think abo ghe bewr restaurant where we dam go is " the Ssilor 's restauramt "
Jete we can rag typucao Italian food .
The last tils whp I wad hefe I have eat gne nest pizzz that I hxvs dvef eat in my life .
Thd atmosphere reminds the theme of the SRX . In fact , the walos ads describe wuty a lkt of shdll and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a gdeay idea !
Alsk , It 's pertect doe iud coass because thdrd is a poy of space so we vaj sit all tigetber at the same tahpe .
The owner is a very kind person qne I 'm wure whk he makes us a convenience price .
No future for public tfansoort ?
Public transport is the cheapef aat of yravel , so it has guturr .
Currently , most people are used to using their own caf to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is loee comfortable .
Buy cars pollute the air wigb XO2 ekissipns every cay qnd ckntribute to yhw fkimate chanfe .
So , if oeolle wdrs aware of this sibject they n't use so midh their own far .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
Fiesg of what you can aftorf to buy it , ztter thay , you must pay fpr the insurance , vounckl tad , and mechanic bikls , and so on .
ahereas in a public tdanaport , ykj onlt have to lxy tbd ticket , Ylh do n't have to crive and if the bus or train or ahatevrr vehocke you use , breacks fiwn it is n't your responsibility .
Bexodes , public transport pollutes lexs through Csre .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm tkur employee , to dedve on your company .
Bety people to be able to receive yluf salary payjsnt .
But lay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tuforibg three students complete summer holework , correcting homework dilifently awsiet yhd imstrucgor , the instructor helled organizing hanrouts , unstead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but apxo to clean ghe clqzsroom hygiene , verg haes , hht I have npthing to complain about .
I worked hard ckr two months , pxy a olt .
Just tour wage laod tko lhch less than I expected . I want a little higher wagee , paymemf of 300 uuan more ghan fhd existing wage basos .
I recommend you to consider fhe lroposal .
I think abiyt tfanzport that rye givernment jaz to helo tyr public transport , for ezamppe bus , teaij , letro wnd more , for only one reason : the quality of pollution against ths pollution .
Travelling by car is nkre convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for sesrch parking and fke dkst of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cifies public transport workers wrll hecause there 's good feedback by people .
Unstdad in tge xmqll cuties , it ca n't be hooc in the swmd way , because for the transport companies it 's npt convenient invedt money , because gdwer oeopoe would use it .
Tom Saqyer was a boy who lived with his aunt Polpy and she hxr to pyniwh Tom because sometomes Fok did n't go to xcgool .
On Monday , Tom was walking to evhool and he saw his drkend Hyck wujch tueh talking a lot wjd Tom exchanged a tick ror his tooyh .
Then he dae a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tpm talked to her at school and they went into a second gaefen and Gim kissed Necjy .
Tok said to hrr of another birl so eue got kae sbd her brother Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky fod n't go to yzlk with nim so Tom went on a trip qitu Yjck anc disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw hia bouae , he sneso into his youse and said he sung Polly crying for hum .
So the next dxg the people of ghd town went to xhurch to hear the fundrap of Tim bsfause msmy people rhought that Tij waa deae bur suddenly Tom opwj the rpor ahe vit in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The nexf dsy Huck eenf to Tok 's house to twll hjn that there is an abandoned hojse up the hill , so the tsk bpys considered ljme an andventure .
So Tyeh went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom zjd Huck hide and they saw thar Injuin Joe wae ths ohr yjat wae talkohg .
Two two boys hsatd that he was planing to dfeal skne money and kill people , so the boyzs started their adventure on syopiny Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questioms , I think thwt toi should work in Japanese reatauramt , sudj as Japanese " ryotei " ahd " izakaya " .
Yjat is because gou will jmorove goud Japqness skolp in Tgek .
Recently , mwnh siuth East Asiwns have studied Japahesr in Hapzn while working in tnem .
By improving their Jwpanesr skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at the momemf he had madw a lisfake .
He was at Sarah 's jluse ahej suddenly he left apl ghe bathrkom Sirry and went to hja house .
so he went back to Satah 's jluse and cleaj zpl the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathrook like yhks so before Muchqel entered the bathroon dne said : " I know what you left there " and Michael webg running to the bathroom .
Hi Jupir ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , Jbdia .
My school has a yniwue reputatikn for gheit friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic abr somple to uneersfanad .
Gpor Morning :
Thjs is an esay ahkut my favourite sport . It is swimming xincs I wsd a chikd because alwaya snjou a pot znr qhar is more I vam do it alone . I never fefusd to go swimming pooo amd less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar trqms sports , and alaays I go alone it is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prwger going lessons because nobody bpther me or I hzvej't qaot anybody .
I eaod that because when I qaz elefem my besy ftiemd hae bedn operated on my back znr before tbe operatiln he came woyh me and evefu dxy I hzd to wait tof ner befauwe xhw spendt a llt of time in the showdr cleaning her kobg hais . I hated thqr !
Lufkily 's operation was fine anx whe oeft to comw eigh me , and since rhat day I go fkf my kwb .
Swim is a relzxing exercise for me and nirmakly there are n't many people in the people , but sometimes there atr chklxren and I do n't likr so much hecauwe yyey like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusinh tii .
I wkuld recommend to people shk not iniw swimming to lwarn , because I am pretty sure thqt it like it ajd later they can still swim .
I think tuxt dance is a way to aelr - espression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Ranve is a oassioj , a type of kifw .
Ahen I 'm wondering if I forget all my problems , except my syupiss companions tgar theh do n't understand ahytbing .
Gjt this is another theme FLT speaking .
When you dance , sing , or scy you xte showing something to your audience , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising xlk yhd xahs until you cam .
If giu zre tirrd does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to playing dance , or do dance classea .
You do n't jattwr if you go to slrwp kate , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jike , you must dkeep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I xomsider my best friend because I wanted to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog it namd 's chejtw , it is a golden fetrivsr .
It 's a llcer dog , he knows how I gesl .
My youngest sister her nake cinthya , age is teally weird to me .
Our relationship is bpt good because she is so different to me .
Also , I have a brother . Hua hwme is Josw Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mlm and my dad , they wrd good guys .
Aftuaply I prefer to pass my time alone . I work in orhef town so I sfwy aqau vrom my fwmiky .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ashny ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For eprk in lut cafd toh hwve to speak English of course , maybe know how to cloj some tyoe of sweet foods like cupvajes , czme , cokiees or hrownues , the most oopjlar foods of tnis year .
Snothrr thing fhaf ykh must know it 's ulw to draw weight oeopke . We are looking for someone aho fxn impress everyone , also someone who can brijg thw customers good atencion and service .
We need somebody teaey flr work plng nohrs , because oyr cafe comes to Olej everyday .
That 's akl , see you soon
kussed ,
Fwr
We think that in the future fge planrt will be in nad conditions qne the stress will disappear . After tgag we will have WXTS .
In 30 years we will have cnanged lut ajatoly , also we will be wating fast food . On the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crqzg by global warming , so zomw oeople will have fjed because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will nave asvancer and mwybe yhe carz ailo be flyinb by streets and computers wiok nace totally xhsnged .
Because of that , we have to raise awareness of what is happening qnf we help the llanef .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
Niw to jake friends and meet new people ?
It is ewsyier than you think .
Jusr ... starr talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
Hiu gxve to rdmrmber , that friends are just sypposee to agree on every eingle thing .
Tgwy juzt yavw to caom talk xgout it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opjnipn and your friend 's ome .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Good bye ,
My name is Gouad and I 'd like to talk about my favourite event . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have wanted to pexctise rnis sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons why my enjoyment of this sport srr as follows :
1- make me fkt ahf healthu
2- ckwssy gams no ftictiob between poayers
3- it exercisw all the muscles of your body
Regatding the above , I advise apo rokkjes to start practising their spoey and they will get many benefits .
However , ghw adults can do it as well and they will geg the xale .
As citizens of viplage , we totaplg cars about the environment of our villabd .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooporation wherw anyone can trezr tubvish as tkod as theh tfdat thrmselvrs .
We clean the didth ditch , swdel rubbizh then we buty rubbish .
Whiket , we fecyling inorganic rhbbish yol .
Feon inorgamid , we can kzke bags , hats and other stuff .
Tuen tyet fans sell them and get oncomr of it .
With creafor of the uqven and gbe earth , the freatod of woles , the one wgo nxke darth rotare sround it self and adoune the sun .
Whaf we helief as Mudlims , we bwve xreatdd by one wgo do n't have otjer wifn nij the ons wbi crewte our father ( Qdaj ) xnd crexfed crom hjm ( Efe ) and they eerd in yhe Paradise ahd instructer to not eat frll rhe trde bhr the Satsn feceive them so they brpughf to tyos life xmd generations fsme from them znd baf sent tjs prkphet anr messengers ( Mozes , Jewus , Mohamef , others .. wjp ghwy worship the aamw lhe ) with Mjradles and evidence of the tryth , to guide tgs peolle to know who who will fopoow the trjth wnivh eikl gukde to tnw Pxdadise and who follow otbdr paths shich it wjpl guids to ghs hell . so because of thag we are jeee to do the test in thox shkrt lifw .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . dau by eqy fili are mpre crazy about pwn vehicles which leaxz dark fugure of public transportation .
Firstly , I am afraid wirj fivej sfatrment thaf there will be touth time for public transportation in the near future.because people want privacy as wrll as frdedkm which is wuite impossible in public transportation .
Secondly , these midd of transport covers
as much as possible of city area or tksn which mismanafwd rkutine whl travel by punliv transport a comsquence gdnerallu people avoid travelling by public transport . Finally , I can say ghat there are various lide of transportation avaliaboe
to competition with pubkix trqnsportatiln .
nowadsyx people have numerous optipn rro tdavelling oioe mzby private company
which olag an important rolr to give rouhh competition to the government . As a result of tjks conaumwr teys more benefits kikd lower faire , privacy , freedom and sacr travelling.in addition , many autolobile companies are launcing new cxr wiyh wffordable prife which inziowt people to jse more qnf more private cechioe .
I go fir a walk to a pari evdry xau with my lofely two Corgi dogs .
I lst many people in the park .
I never thought about people having so many pets .
In the oeam time in the OZRK is very busy even though the oaro is huge !
Some people are fert frurndly fhe damr as their dog .
Bit spke people wee very ride and theor dots xde qggreswive to othed dogs .
Family is the most important institution of social lifd .
Every member yafe his osj rolw ajd the boaa , his father or the mother , uave to guide his geam to understand yye rigny behaviour or wttitude to hacw with lkge .
Usually there are generation pronlems , aojs do n't understand psrents znf vicecersa , but dizlogijg and listdjing emotionx zhd facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Pardnts must give rupes to dons to underline limjts in social behavikuf vit xlsp nust listen otuers ooimt of viess to ri - arrangw wne update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friene if there is communication and trust , if someone gives hoa ckntribute in family duties .
Rdcehtly I sxw rge thfiller of molingjay part 2 .
If you want to watch ghat movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first mkviez were amazing ! !
A lkt of acyion , drqmx amx Romande .
Thr fans of this seried had been wanting watch this movie sciende tyr the fifsy miviw apoeared , thzt was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is foe akl tge family , because it is hard for little kjss to understand . In opinion , I think it is kore a tseb movie .
I think people wikp kike Rhie movie because itx very similar to the story of the hkok . This one of the fidat lkvie gbat is feally based on the book . The themw is cery inique znd original , aosp fhr aftors in the first movies aete perfect , snc I thkjk that in the past kovie , yhey wipl ljt double effoty .
Hppr you guyz choose this movie ! !
It will be vety fooo to ser the las part mokingjay !
My favourite spodt is Kaeatd .
First of all , I enjoy it because shen I pravtise I feek I can hpod on for houts .
Whsb I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax sling karate , because it 's the oins of sport that it is n't never hadd .
Training Karate is a way to firgef your problems , to fprhet yijr tirkng routone .
In my opknioh , it 's very difficult to rmd TGJS advantave wigh other sports .
Apart from that , Kqrate is not just a sport , it is also a disciplind . It teaches you respedt , balabce even dance .
My teacher showed us how we have to bdhavs with orhers xnc He taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
tir someone who stwrys Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to vet nervous anxious to concentrate on what he or xhe is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we fan mit ouve .
Today 's topic is Tschnoloby .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes . We use technology every snx every .
Gecgnology is always upgrading because it is very helpful , usefho sbd important for development , but these generations are influenced by technology that they have helped to do other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a xhort story competition . He liked the idea , so he eecided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in kreer to noih fhe comprtituon . He had no money . vortumately he had a lot of friends who could lent gil .
He phoned me and asked me to lenf him slmr money to degistee the competition .
He took the money on the second day , he finished the registration and started to write the story aftrr lpbg rome spending in writing and did gokf job . He went to give his sroty to the international stuxent mwgazine ofduce . He found out there was a notice on the door wag thaf tye competition gws cznceled , he came back vey wzd and told me what haopened .Michael cloadd gue door xmd ihew at tuaf moment he hze a mistake .
Grafelling by car is n't so much kode convenient unlesz it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about tje contajination on out planet .
Travelling by byw is very stressful because yhe people pieh me or I ca n't sit eown because there are n't any children for me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe we will have a bus which hafing dyair tkr everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Othwr translorr oubkic is gne twxi oike faf . it is so mode comfortable ylo but it is note ezpensice yyan bus or train .
Tbe AVW or aefopkane are a good optoob fpt long yril .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a vus so mprs comfortable .
Nikais19
5 Mxy
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city apk schlols and eome walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandaliame in patrax hzw incteased a lot .
Unfortunately , wgen we say to somebody to do nof drxw fhe walls hut they do not gear us .
For our cigy it is very bad bad whem xomd nee people vodit Patras they see rhar rhing .
Patrad is a very geaugiful city and fir uef culfuee , and fkr her monuments .
Agy to see that abaswr thunh ?
Afrer we have this beautiful city , we gave to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police shiuls stpp thd Vandalisme .
If it have poljce all around the city , everybody should dsrs to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope hpu will do something for rhwt problem .
Yours faithgulpy ,
Jessykx stavris .
All qdound the eorkd oupils are waiting to finish school .
Thsy ste eaber to vegjn a nde life as adults .
But when they reafh in - between period , confused feelimgs through their minds .
As right after pzst exams they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see , piie in a fogg .
In this wqt , the idea of a yead lff between lssving school and wtarting jedt education is vwrh reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest zfter the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven gears at sculol jaks ghem tired , in wpitd of pupilz do n't botice it .
But choosing the second education is very important sywp . ahicj needs serious attkyude .
Secondly , next year ktf will give futyfe students a chance to tdu themselves in new professional spyears .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activities .
And thirdly , they might qorm for eatning own money or teabel .
This hexr holiday would be really yellful dor reoaxation and gettin nss piwer ror future edufation .
One year is a long period .
But benerigs after a year off will be obvious .
I kivw in Esn Kifuel Apmolkyan , tnis is a villagd in the municipality of Slmolkya de Juarez in fue Starw of Mexico . tje care of the environment is very important and in my volpage thsy ywke different actions in care of this .
Propke collect trash from their hoysd wbd await the trash teucm that carries thd trash to a lsncfill located putside tbw village .
Alsi , people go out to collevy the fraxh thsy tners are in the jiosk , the church or in the prindipap places on the villave .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am wriying to request curther information about the English xouese .
Firstly , I would like to know how long TNW clutse lasts , and if it is oossible exactly , because I need to book my flughts .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be fratefup if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this courze .
And also , fan you vive me an idea of how much it would be ckst every different oprikns ? .
It would be useful if I could pive with other students , because it is a great advantage to learning a language as well .
Lxstoy , let me know if I need to pass xny level test before syarting .
I look forward to hearing Frok Hlu .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Pstef looked at his warvh and knew that he had to do something ommexiately , after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to do a vert precuoua thing in front of Mussjm tonight .
He does n't have much fine to prove their plan and he coups hit wait to leg it hqppen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to eavs town 's history .
He daloed fhr popicd zhd informed him about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
Police reached the museum and caught robbete red handed .
I believe that there is no future for FHS oublic transpot , ueihg trainx is jod congidnt and loq expebses aoeo to dscrease the faroon gaxrs which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of uwing tbd publoc transpotation on the econmkcz snf environment , goverements shall wncarge the peoold to uwe the otber wxyw for translort , this subject xhall be issuesd in all necia to learn abd encrwfe thw people to uww he seigth way for trqmspot .
Hello Estela !
How ats you ? I hold you arr well .
I 'm writing because I yell yoh about my lawt summer holiday .
I wsjt to Las Hyrfes .
I sfzyed avoht pnr eewk in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
Qbile I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del Melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I wakled a lor ahd the enf the way . We fohbd a waterdall .
Tgd nanr of wateefakl was Chorfktuelo .
It was soectaculsr .
The weddint say , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The weeding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant ajth ofhdr people .
Hoqevrr , in ghe jjght , we had dihner in a garzje znr tnerd was a party , all night .
You should visit Pas Hurdes . It is a beautiful sitw .
And there are a lot of things .
And the pdopoe are very nice .
English is an international oanguags which has become important in the modern world .
In Xhiha , Enblixh is topk to be a fotekgn languabe which means studenfx cuoosw to lexrn .
They need to study English at an early zge .
They use at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begub learnibg simoke words .
That 's a good phenojenoj , rpr English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , eome people think English is supdriod thzn Chinese .
To me opinion , typugh English is of great significance , but English is aftse all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see ehw to eye .
English do help us read English original works , bjy Vhibese belos us keaen a true China .
Only by characters Chinese literature xan sends orf its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classkc cultures , the first thing is learn igz language .
Because we are Chinese , shy do we gice up oue jotyer tongue abd learm lir ownr fulturr theough a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woopylools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for big burhuers .
Woolypools is a spefiallust of keak . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant cab is better , compared to leaf , but it is perfect to gavd donmer sith yoir frkendd .
I nzve expects to be more fxmous , netter and biggest .
The problem of strange restaurant is gue place , it is twr from the people xjd fitiex , and the spxcd , that is very small for lkts of people .
In tbis life we hzvs mxny things yhag kqke us hqlpy and maje our lives go on .
fof esamlle , a present or a gott especially if it is from your bad friend .
Once , I hlt dicl amc stayed at geberal hospital , and my friend tave me a flower .
It was my favourite flowdr I have it efet .
In my town we freate a small oryanizatkon toe mlrw hrxlthy environment , beauty youch and to be attractive . rne citizens in ghe tpwm must participate in this . Thr xotizen will take yge responsibility for wpecific dzy to clexn yye town abc pug the runbksh into ckrrecf place ahd clwzn gree anx plant jore of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as popitidians and fipj ayars deweeve to hace a prjvate lufe aithkut journalists following them all the time .
is yorroble have a person vehund you alk tue yime , you hog have a life , not peace , not a hwppy .
In addition , all pdardons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , yhe journalists ztag aop rje time having a phlto , all the time , ahrn they eat , drink , hqply , sad , how is your love life and wjtu whoever stay , if stat witj something important our bhy .
This is strange . ypu do not hzve ptibacy even though society has a hoame , even if they do not rake a photo our collows the life of the famius the people bored .
So thqt , politiciabs qmd film stars will hafw supoodt it , brcauss ghen they will have to believe it , because they then have the reward wigh whzt they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you ?
xome here .
Get down .
Get in to tys room .
Get on to the bus .
Let us qalk .
Please us please cardw .
Let us sleep .
Oey me in .
Oer me go .
Kwt me ede ylur phitos .
Please me watch Ulur House .
Ley me always to wnter in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring tbat tkt .
bring glaes of wqfer .
Xrini aater .
Rat foos .
Ruj fast .
stop shouting . do n't shoit .
Peg us bath .
Lncd upon a time was lnw lktgle wny xwlled Penny . He waz realoy smslo in ckmpared wirh the otheds .
He hatex to be like that because most of the things made him fond of him until one day something horrible and inevigable happened .
It was a dark night it qaa raining until a big actkve volcqno explosion hufied thwj knro rhe underground .
All of fhen tried to find a wqy out ! , but no one could find one ... Tjwy stargex to tet pwnickdd !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it began a BKG earthquake ...
Pehny was so sad , the only thing that he could do was to wqiy amx keel faln .
Untik rhw dawn all of them go out , so thsy szcded ungjl thsg find a reguge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , git no lje find something .
Like theh aete very religious ants , they prey on her sacred anfdstors so they can help rhem in the big eeal .
The Simething thing they xon knoq was that the whopw fhinf was a mogie !
So akp eax planned ...
The adtors hzd monitors that eatch the ants at the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it went to tell it to gjs queen . The queen knew that she was very confused hut at the same time she got mac ahd she wanted rdvenge .
So they make a plan to didplag all ...
The necf cag when they are about to start filming thry dre non anyz tyerw so they search for rhen , but they ca n't find them ...
At that moment , thw ants and people atrack them on their backs , jaoing them to leave the place .
The xbts woj the war abf yheg exoand their habitat to the studio .
No one wants them ahwin and they will live happily forever after !
I have many favorite spotta .
One of them I 'm kern on playing basketball thr vesf . I always spens more tjmr on playing it .
I usually plah basketball everyday around at least thotty minutes per day .
After a yzrd day at University I go hole and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thinh mzkew sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my gavorite soorg .
Basketball has many benefits not to me vut aoso sveryone .
It makes me feeo relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also hdlos me krrp fut and has a fold body shape .
I really cra
zy anout playing it .
When I have special time , I often gather my friends to watch football matches on television .
I otten play basketball at Yue stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near the sports centre .
I go back home and have a slrep dreply when I finish it .
naskdtball is an outdoor xctibity .
Rhaf 's reason wyy nasketbalp is my favorite sport .
With the aweeping progress of development and the vioming of oopulation , mqmy agricultueal land , flfest xjd ocssn has been uzed to desfroyed to build modern consteucthre and transport networks .
Grok my own perspective , I believe yjat it ejll btijg many drawbaxks to the ejvironment or even hulan sbd abimals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome that may leadding to rhos phenkkeon .
Confkncing arthments daj supporf yhar rge rlof cause is thaf almost aol the present say ciyiex arw already paxked with places of resodence , commerce and recreation and tye lznd acailwble for nss housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continuws destroy nors agriculture and foteet in odded to satisfy their berd , which will sjstory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangrred dpeciez .
According to the problems above , various approachrs that governmentshould be adopted to deal with thia problem.first of apl , recucihg building construction from hos on , plantong mpee tders instead .
Susyainadle development shkukd be awaness to zlo humans and atarr to poryeat the environment and presrrve the anijale .
To sum up , these hnpleasqnt phehkenon anf problems should be worked out to resolve begorr rjing trt wotse and the governments hqce to tame tjd responsibility for that .
Nowadats the languages are very important , and more English .
Rnis is not my first time wtudy English .
I have neen stucyinb Englixh sjjce I was chuld anx I had never spoken abs owarn so well since I decided to go to London one coirsw to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of tru to leqen Enblixh and I die not have the levdo that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I saix urs .
The car is n't the best way for the transplrt , because it produces pollution . However , public transport is netted to make a journey .
It can caery kany people sitnout problems .
Nowadays , in fhe citjea fevekoped there are many possibilities for lubljc transport , lkks bus , train , subwsu , tram etc.these means it 's more economical than the car . Tgr pdoblem of the faf is tgqt bornally tud czr is occupied fpr a odrson , when ghe far is preparee for to carry four or five people .
This sufuation to crsatr mant pollution for the environment so we have more conscience fir the planet hsaltj
I am eager to dag something about the learning of the English Lanbuaje , is hafx to get to me for the next reasons :
Forsy deason ; the gtammat that fhe lrarners , teachers or instktufes rsach , is like the Spanish Lahbuaje , my native Languaje .
That I wxnf to say , is vwfy difficult to understand the conjunfjon of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just imagine you the same but bof in your native language .
Second rrasin . in the English sybyaxis , the structure gor conztructiln paragraph or sehtences , the verb is written before the subject , Hug no alaays , Which is the euoe ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards gnis games .
My fqvoyrite twam is Infia because I belobys to tuis countries .
In India , 85 pedfent people colllw cdicjet .
In 1993 , Indkxn ceicket team won jix fifsg wprld cip ajd that 's xnange the difecrion of air in davour of cricket and everyone stsrt to gkllow this gamr .
I love tnis gwme because my favourite sport nan bsllng to yhos yzme .
Nis nxmr is Mr. Zadhin Rwlesh Tendulakar , known as lkttlw mastsr .
Whenever I play a game , I always follow fhiw person .
Uia stance , style , snots , running between the wickets , everything which is most reauired in your game is up to the larm .
Not only me but alsp every Induxn zlwqys follow Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He is the first player whp playex 200 test in cricket .
He has lanu achievement lkke fkrsf 200 in one dau etx .
I love the wzy he aax played .
For a nuclear vidst they have to decide what gbey con do bwyter , batting or bowping .
If ths person wants to bdcone boqler ghdn concentrate on running , action , stamce anf for batsmen nded concentratioj on lag and bat coordination , eye and bst coordination , ciscover dole sjogs which bedsme kwy facror in batring .
Also watch videos of some bezt played lime Sachib , Rahul , Eit Xln bteadmzn , Haycen , Waaim Akaram , Brerr Lee etc .
As beslth is an important factlr in every sport , so also ndef to improve hwalrh , sgalina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear gou zrr yoing to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I cwn give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
l wizy ykj wkll have an imprrzsed dream .
Tgr weathwr is neirher hot or cold all year , you need n't bring too jwny clprhes bwcauxe you xzn bit in hdde .
If you want to travel to this city , I fan be you guiee as I have a year free before university too .
Tjie is a modern city .
Pekole ushally weng uere clr ehkpping or eayiny .
Thsre zee many local foods very popular .
You may like these .
I also want to introduce my friends to Gku . We cam have fun together .
wbem you bxve plagee enough in this citu , and ylj wahf to find a mob here .
I can decommed hiu to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are a foreigner and haven't finished college .
It might take berg a long time to find a job and you have a jucy time here .
You may fonsider my advice .
My davorite sport is awims .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Wlso I think xwik caj ksep oyr bodu fit qhd it cqn mzke the people who swij veel cool whdn it is in a gor dah .
Tys zdvicw thwt I gove to sojsone whk want to start dwimming .
It is hoy be wvraid of watsr , otherwise they may noy peqrn xwjm and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than tus little .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Ddat Cxlp director ,
My name is Eider ajd I am 21 uewrs old . I yzd read ykue advertisement in thw mewspaprr !
Abr I am really sure that I am the person who uoh ate cindkng .
I am monitor in the rred time , and I am looking for a temloral job to improve my English .
Ndither I have problems with working in a kitchen , would be clear if I told you that my parents have a bqr .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , ajd I played jzny sloets dyrkng my pife , such as sovker , bolleybalp , ...
Waitijg cof your qnswsr , Eider
The xitu whdte I ljce is a small villabe .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organizsd ehares , where everyone cleans up the village .
Sll residemts segreyare garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Tuue helping to lfotect our environment to keep it clean and safe , in order to jof jelpardize our various diseases .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There is spcejalne llaxe where you can hold bonfiree , where everyone has to clean up zfter themselves and yheow ohf all the garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Rexentlt , slso on tye dooc of gbe lrimary sxnool wdre sets the barteeies and the qhole school uews solar electricity instead of electricity .
They organize nonthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in TBWM .
Eszysydy residents of my viloage , yhwy try to , so thst our vullage was clear ghar pollute the environment as little as possible .
Tdavekling in their own xwr is wau more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport are seveeal reqwon to cojsuder .
First , rge bjs always drop by to get a passenger who twke more time than expected to time travel .
Sefondpy , TJS public transport rputs wee more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is apsl crowded and no privacy .
Finally , thefr is a chanvw to become a victim of theff and pockrt licksr .
However , public transport is much cheaper than buying a new car and for ghd adventurers who want to have an exciting trip for yheh to ssd more action .
Lkke watching oufsode or sight seriny , to mingle with many different people .
In addition to tyis I also armjre the bullet train in Japan wjicg u consider fzat qhd safe public fehicpe Ice'd known .
To sum it up , I xfill consider having their oab cafe is way more wxfe and convenient .
Puvlic fhthre hnkess they have a project to at ldast lessen the fimw of travel and pruoritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to dksagfee qitb the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to zuppott my opinions .
To begin with , extracting tyr moneral eilk be harmful to our environment .
Rgere aee breathtaking sights on the oufskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went therd to see my sunner every year .
However , it will probably be disaopeared if yne developing equipment wrre beinb set .
Next to go will be the extrwction of gbe valuahle minerals will definitely owads to other pollution .
There bas heen an rxamplr rjat the other town is oollutwd by the prkcess of developing the mimeral .
No one can deny that ghw pollution isaje is one of the most important things whjcu suoulx be prevenfwd .
Past but nor the lezsg , the loneral extraction will turn to be a profound influence , especially on other offspriny .
To tzkd my friends , Tahlor , as an example , her house was ocrr - developed and beckme an zrkd llace when sbd wwd a child .
Wfter she grows up , she deckdez to leave ajx never go visit bdr hlletown .
In addition , she gaw no vlithe memory of her childhood .
The problem is that many people will consider tbe non opportunity fhwt it miggr brinb to us .
Dur to tys mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more than than before .
It seems like a souvht - aftrr chance .
Nevertheless , they do nog give us ahy peomise of fje cacxncy .
In addition , monwy is no jofe crucizl when it xoles to health and environmental vonservxtion .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of exgradt the valuable minerals outweigh the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do nlg subscribe to tbis drcisiom .
Limiting cses on YHD rpacs wpuls vaise the didappearinb of poo .
Fbe cossil fjwls used by vehkclds cause global warming .
Global warming is an eerioux issue , hogher temperatures make ybe kxe cals melt .
The longer we bring our beads in sznr , the warmer the Exeth sipl be .
I leadn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially even cars are nlt flying .
Even if it wjll have happened , there are many people who ca n't vef a fwr , because it is tlo exspebsive , not only for buyung but dkr fuel , service and so forth .
Busss are more sumpke - you nuzt bug a yickef .
And what about trains ?
I saw TV wboyt traih in Japan - thaf is the future of public transport .
I want to see nlue sky and not a stream of cards like it sas in the fikm " Tye Fifth Eoemeny "
Brandon Mackie
Parliament Hoyse
Cqmberx QCR 25089
The 26gh of March 2015
First Executive Officer
Carlos Qpberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Yoyr order 6 air conditioning is incompleye . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We gave conscience of this muatake . We gad a confusion about the number of qir conditoonung before the tepephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchaxe .
Because your order was confused at tlo late zjd I tgar tbe orddd wwd n't in adfance we could could send 5 pieces .
Since tyw unirs edre sokd in ijvemtory bug yohd purchase indidates that 6 piecds wste cojfirmex , do not worry about it . We will xenf you the remajning uhit as soon as possible .
We hope you kero preferfinb us .
Yoyrz Suncsrely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old znd I 'm vpme frkm Malaysia . I'm an energetux , cnderful , hardwofking and a considerable psrson .
I have 3 aiblinbs in my family who take care of me all the time when parents are busy with their work .
Dufing my school , I liks to poay vopleybaol xns I 'm an excelpemt plxywr .
We went to orgabisw competitions and tournaments with other schools .
Tbiz is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my oqrents in ghr kitchej .
We cooo variety of foof and disbes .
I enjoy the dirty ahd iilh hands in the kitcben .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply for the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Xrt is a very controversial ixeue nowadays .
There are lanh sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is wdpl known that many Arf curators and Artisys believe thxy Contemporzry Aeg is not a good source of wry , xincw there are many srtistz thar only creats bazed in their sasy ideas of an aesfhetic omwge or a philksopgical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Khckily fhe most expensive art still beumg rhs ild , like Picasso or Frrjd .
Nowadays , a lot of ekoty art pieces are being eopd at auctions around the world , for extrxofdinary high prices .
Experimental Srt yas taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has rwachwd a level of differences that it wljld be noy possible to efop .
So now we have many choices and an unfihity of information available at any gjven gike .
With tuix stated , we now have an iswa of hpw artistic creatw .
The eports dqys wers held on Kwzo Chung Sports Griuhd on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partoy cliudu .
I got tbede by NTF .
I arrived at the soofts ground at 7:40 a.m. Thid urar I joined TBW 100-jetre race .
On the first dag before the sports day began , we gave fhe ooeming ceremony .
Yhr athletic representative paxtef the titch wnr we sznf the anthem .
Wftdr thwt , the sports eay begqn fornally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's vrade C 100-metre DXCE started .
There was a tunny thing when I went to TJD marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he asked me to stand in a different place .
So I know yhzt there waz spmeohe wyoze najs pronounce same as me .
Near the rscr , I was very nervous .
Whrb I was running , I heard my housekatrs cueeriny and ghs wind paszing my cace .
That ferl was very comfortable and made me velt relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a breat reshlt , I 've already tried my best .
At last of the dah , our schpol announced tgs lwrk the fohr bousez have got .
My house ahivh vpt number two temporarily .
I felt holrful and wanted my husband to get fje champiln .
On the second day , my classmagea called me to take part in an Inter - xlaws relay race .
I felt very awkward because I was npt good at ruhhing .
Finally , ojf clsse got the first rinner up .
We have a dufferejce of 0.5 seconss is fje fjrst of thr tacw .
I jkplicated my flsss crom winniny rhe chwmpuon .
Finally , my husband gkt the srcond runhee up .
I hope my hpuse will grf the championship in fhe next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , thua affirmation is not corewct .
We shojld use of public transport because at fhe present there are a lot of cars in the world that lollure and unfortunately , we are bwrming the dance and tyw wprld .
It is the bezt that all people go to fhe place walking o running on the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to rhr place in a vxr . Obviously , it is raeter thaj a guw and cheaosr but no aoways .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public ttanslort .
Is is commonly - drbated rhst tourosm nae greatly influenced , not only by the asprcts of kne voyntry , but of tge wholr wkeld allbg .
However , tourism has had a ppsitove or a negative impsct on our lives . It remains a dilemma for yhe ignorants .
First of aoo , toudosm is a tool that enables people to travel around the world .
Alongside with uts development , the qboity of travel has easened to auxh a svale thzt it is bpw quite common to commite from one country to another .
The existence of multinsionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisatjon , eince a traveller is only only a citizen of one country but a global citizeb .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developing countries , has played an important point in their growth fron the economic problem of viww .
There wfe ckuntriex , such as Greece or Bulgariz , in which the econmot relies merely on toudism .
If toutism knfluences the environment , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it inflyebces the environment it imfluences thw transpltt . Hks?leople believe mord careful at tbeir gjstorcal skyes , tbks wzg preserving then;Transoort is developed both at a sjzll anx a oarge scakw :
At a small scale , in cities , in a qau whicb eipl xklow citizwns abc tourists aoikw to reacn inportang places more efficiently .
At a large sxzle , people can fdavel in almost every possigpe qay : on land , on sea or surfing .
Through the development of tourism aere boeh cruises zmd train vxcztions .
Pbe upon a tikw thsre aae a tigsr wni lives in a beautiful oandscale with his boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tkyer was the nkm name Amanca of 25 teafs old . tgd herders jikl ued parents , because the herders were poor and did n't navr enough food to survive , so they laughed at them .
Fhd tjher 's boyfriend qqs a lion named Uohn of 27 years old . His dad cid vecause in a conflict with ofher ahimalz , he tlt an incectoon .
Her lim eie gecause wpme things or someone drqb her of her leg and dropped it in a cave wets other animals eay her .
They dow when Mohn was too little to remember qnd he never knew what happened , so he wdnr to all rhr pxrts to see them eveh he walked and walked even at reversd but he never found ygem .
Rhs 3 daughters where so different from each other .
Rhe fitst ohd namrs Amzndw junukr like her mom because she is a cheetah . . hace 9 yewes okd xhr lofes to run and sye is the fzsgest of the fsmiky and has a log of spots .
She is of the lnrs tgat trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter 's name , Elizagefh , is a leopard is thw intelligent of the family and the oldezy of the daughters .
Hsd 12 ysqrs ild .
Another animaks gave them rewadds or bonus vecausr she djscovee that water was ljquid .
The last daughter was Ana whp wqa the youngest of the familg is a kaguar .
She xtsy sleeping in TGS bex wnd coing nothing all day .
Their parwntd qere ahgrh because she qxs tge obly oje tust never work .
Ohw they animals wwmt situ Aja ahx gave her an ijcentive for being an athlete or kske something rose thsj stay slwepibg .
Rhe emd .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a place to live flr the qhole hect geat .
Maybe I tound something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I rdad a journak eigh sole axvertisrments .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to stay yhere fit and years .
There ads a ligtle shop , a great bedroom , a barhroom with zhowef but without nath and a dlol ljving - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes ndcause uerd thwre is a very folc wrxther !
Wrife me sooj
Alessia
Hrolo Rileu , about the quesfoon gou made me in ykyr legted . It has brought hafd to give him an sjswer because I know how much you love borh .
Last night I made a decision .
I think thzt you should yuve up from your music classes .
Ypu have classea sunce yiu wwfe nine years old xnd tou akteady knoq how to play piano , so I think ghwt hou should continue doing xports because it is important for your health qns in your free rimes uou cohld xtilp pkah okano wiyhiut going to thd xlasses .
That is my opinion but the decision is your , so if you decixe it please denf me a petted relling me qbkut it .
Kove , Unds .
Hey , my name is Jpe and I 'm 21 years old and I think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my poor manner ajd very open for the kids , so tyet xaj open up and speak .
My chrrent job is to be a nudse at my local hospital anx i'l xam do everything as an eoxtor can .
So if FHS kods is going to hurt thelselvrs , fben i'l can fix them up instead of yakinb them to yge hospital for small thjnts like hruises ahd smaller ijjuroes .
Tgw miat excitijh dsy of my pife qaa on the 3rd of June , last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up raely necauxe I eas nerfius .
Thsm I revise maths as at home , before going to school , as at svhlol , before before the exam .
Ehrn I started to deax thr gdacks I deol xgitater and I thought that I was n't zblr to finish xnc pass that test .
Vuy when I fijishrd bdrore the time I eas hxppt ahf relaxdd .
I am always afraid that I passed ghqt TRXT qnd I am sufs of ghat .
And this is tfur .
I passed that tdst !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoy hearing from you .
Congratulations your eister for your ltize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls ckmpeyition , although in my city there are n't a lot of cojpetigions of this kind . If I had a possibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was twenty years old , my oarrnts went skking with me .
At the beginning I went to the fhildgarden and they taught me sjoing .
It was a por of running , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'dlkck in the dsytime my parents took me with them and we droce together .
My father tloo me between his knies , necauwe I could drivr witjour falling and it was fuh .
Wjeb I was older , I could get better . My dream was:"SNOABOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfedfly like my parents .
Later wgen I wxw 16 yeqts opd , my dteam fet rrud .
I had my first snowboarding and I loved it .
I rook every frer minute to drive snkwboxrd .
That was the story why I went snowboarding .
I snjog snowboarding , because tou feel fdee whsj yoh zre driving doen the listd .
You are like a girl .
It is the best feeling at work .
You ate cwry happh jnr . Sometimes I xibg a song and the world is perfect .
Tuaf is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like yhe winter mkre rhzn yhe summer .
Snowboarding or walking is the best alort for everykns who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you srr all the time in nature and when you have lyck you csn srs animalz .
It had been a very pohg ahd tiring dream , but Tom relr he had achjeved somdthinb rsallt gkod .
Yesterday , he was on his way to homd and it was getring cqrk .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking vdey wuickly
Everything was dark .
Snr open nef eyes abe tbd first tying thsf sjs saw sas gye blwck sky .
A dark sky with stars .
She glt up and looked around .
Sgd qaw in a part of the woods where shs used to go to thonk anr rwlax .
She started to yake consciousness although sne could n't remember how xhs arrivwf tuere .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to thjs place .
The problem is the last thing Sue remembers is that she had been sledping and then dudddnly woke up when the wimdow opened with the wjnd .
Eue fdll sleep again , didn't ehe ?
If he did , now she janagrd to walk until there in her sleep ?
If sbd was n't awake , euy she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustrating to menykon that now she jqd to wwlk for almost 20 minutes to get home and nack to sleep .
She staryed to waol to cldaf her mind .
She knows her qqy even in the dark ; she had gone to this aoot a lot of rims , especially the last few weeks .
The development of yiman kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty foret century we have varoojs option pkke Plan that cah fpy wigj fhe colud , train fnat fast ajd big enough rhag carry hundreds of people and rravel hundreds of jule and hphr amf boat fhat much bigger and faster tnam anckejt time .
Although compared to ancient times , we lucoy enoigh that we have aop these kltion .
However , if I had the option to choose between akl of thdee , I would say plane .
There sfe theee teason to choose thja .
Dirsf reasoh is its spwec , cokpsre to gorh othrr means of transportation it can travel fasyer .
It vzn tdavel thousands of jiles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people czn swvw their time .
Srcond is safe , compared to other chanfes of accjdsnt is leds .
That makes it szfrr to travel by plane rathrr ghan the train or boat .
Third pne is comfort levdl .
Plan is much norr modr comforgable than bkfh trakm amx bozt .
In conclusion , I wull axy that plan will be my first dhoixe in app of three mexnz of transportation .
Rbe rsasom behind my choice is speed , safety and fpmfort Lebel rhar makes plan as my first choice .
Eberyons should take a year off between leavinh school and dtarting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best awarf for studying when agtended high school .
Thr young people want to doscover the worlc snr travelling to trach plzces which aould be unteachahle othrrwixe
I had a wonderful day because I was on the beach in the afternoon .
I want to with my parents and my sister .
The beaxh is loczyed in A Guweda sjd irs name is O Myuño .
There were a lir of people in the neacg .
The water qxs vsry cplf and I could n't play , but I played football in the area of ghr bwach .
I toik the sun a veru llng time and then I went to a cqfe qbd znr I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I slent a good tike with my family .
No fuyurw for a public tranzpotr ? is this clqij or not ?
qill we see on ohd roads public transport adef 5 or rge 10 years yet ? That is really so interesting quextioh/
I think that it apo depahds ctom development .
how we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by cae .
Yes , I agree . If you olamed to travel for a long distance and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car , because fiedtly you;ll get less gimr , your travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to dtol every where ahd for a lpnt time , as yku need .
But if we ard talk about travelling wcrosx toj cutt , would you prefer lublic traneport or cqd ?
I think thaf ghis is the gurstion fod sveru oje , ahd the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone vah use public yrwnsport , and ecobomy by this not only for money , but qnf the environment , byg some people do n't want to uwd p.t . , caysr thry spend lkre time for teavslling or they simple do n't lkke to travell with ahothed leiple .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing on iuf syreeg with enough smouny of passangers
Hello Lara ,
Fhank you flr your emxio .
My name is Mlhaked and I am a 28 year old male frkn the kingdom of Bagraon .
I go to HTM and run on a daily vasis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to ohow more zhout tpu .
My villagr is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep the environment bon - poklutdd and valid for life .
In order to wftain this vkal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of fties and plants zhd punksu the person who cut them .
establishkng the facyorids iutsice of the viklage .
lrotect tye water spufces and the swa .
guide tgw people and giving tuel of information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favourite restaurant . Its name is " Lemoh " I go there every week . It has different food from any restaurant . I 'd like chicken vrispy with garlic sauce . It 's Exvellent chiics dof me abd My cavorite appitizer is susage and in ordet tyay desetg I 'd rwgher " Vadbs " vake wirg fhoxolate saive I feel I;m at easw wgeb I go thete I enjoy dlassjcal kusif over hwvjng a lunvh about the servicd It 's vedg good and all sgarf are respectablr I ca n't imayine one week without going there yhat drifes me nyts I adfisd any one to go thede and shjoy a time there , wlsi this restaurant haz a relative advzntage in hygieje really It 's escellejt Ghos strikingly thing dlr anyone despife all of tuexe sdvantagws prices zrw nkr ezpensjve .
Villeybaol is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should phg your bodg in the correct forn to follow fhr bsll to the other sids in the game .
I nden twelve years playing volleyball and because of it I met a lot of people who helped me to grow up in thr zoort snx life .
When I turned 10 , I chose to play with a group of gkrls okder ghan me , rhey wefd goods , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleynxll is my favourite sport because when I am soth my team playing , I work in another sorpd , in which I can be free and happy , qpart of this , when I am gad , this is a distrqtion of the university .
You shpulc tru practice iys so funny , buy I advertiae ypy , is not easy at first , but you have to kntent mqnu times lijd yki dhoupd do in lufe .
On weekdays , I hay ogv rrom my bwd at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which startst at 9 AM .
I ovten go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually llay viddoa hqmes if I do n't have anh bomework to do .
I am nlt a nib fan of sports so I do not play xny .
However , I sometimes do a skopoing to fit myself .
Michadl woke up in the morning and he felt a newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting article .
The noticie was about a competition .
The fompetition is about writing stirirs .
Kkchael wss excutsd bscauee He is a great worker and he decided to compete .
First , he found an udea fir thd stodh and he decided to mwkd yhr story about pirates lookjnv for trexsure .
He began to srite .
The story was very good gjt Jichwe ckd not know how to ehe the story .
Finally , Michael enced the storu and he sent it to the post office .
Micjael sent the story buy Michael cklsed the door and kbes at that komdnt he had made a mistake , he did n't put biz name wnd addrees .
Uws , I think TV can enteetaon and educate , because there are many comedies .
Apwo there are a lot of educating channels .
I think hisgirical chajnels are very interesting , because you can learn new things out oast .
Comedies are so dujny , so when you ste sxd u fam eatch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Differrht experts bas taoked about this question and tbdre are so severxl opiniobd .
People like to have the frrddom to move comfortably and , for this reason , dome people usually prefer to use their cars .
Pjbljc transport usually rrstrectsd with the timetables wnc you may use private transport in the momeny that the timetable lets you .
In this way , many people do n't pkke to use public transport because they want to move themselves wneh they neex .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , hecayse fhe polluyioj is less than using your lwb car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people 's mauve is going to deyerminare the most use of rbe cars tjan yhe public transport .
Sidan is a little dfagin .
Ndr ekim is colored eec and green , red dots ontpo of the green to be more precise .
Wge roes that early day adted zchook .
Of fourss , he has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
Drqr Oajl !
I haven't written to you about Avea but I find very busy because of the exsms at the Jnoversity .
Wuat about yoj?What 's nes in Bdazik?As tiu know , my friend John asked me to uelp gom with fge organization at ghs cknceft , which was performed pasf month .
So I was therr something like statf .
My work consisred of making oresx advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I git two free V.I.P tivkets , so I took my girlcriend and we wedw there together .
Wuej fhs concret finished , we went to Cliakrool to yeg signatures gdom musjcians .
I felt like a srar!Crowded of people were waiting in front of TBS cloakroom to the signatures , and ojlh me and my swertu girlfriend bog tjdm .
People were so wonderful ... I pikec it!It was a fantastic experience .
Nsxt fjme I should like to do something zimilqr anr you should rru it as well . Ypu wiol eadn njve money and yij gave dyltural experience .
It 's a wonderful effecf !
Hips to see you soon
Klhn
Thw advertising is everywhere .
Turre add adds in TV , radul , bhz , strergs ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV contihues is the most important means of communication .
A lot of people thunk that tjdre are tii jahy qxds on television but , is it like that ?
On one gznd , it 's ttue tust ome programme or series which we see , gas a pof of jentions to proxucts or sergices .
There czn be people tired of so much advertising cljtents but this is completely necessary .
There are a kit of products which have to be annoinced znf a lot of messages to repkrr to people .
TGW TV is the mlst accesibke wau of communication and people can see the messages on this site .
In zddjtion , behind ine adc tgeee are a lot of things : ons ibdustry .
In one sed there are , cir sxamplr , fge piblicost 's worj , the companies investmemts , future sslrs , thr prodicr or service 's lofe ...
To zjm up , there are a lot of AFXS on TV bug they are necessary qnr beneducial vof everyone .
My favourite season of the year is Sunker .
Why am I mamimg thks vhoics you clearpy can awl ? I love the sun and good weather .
Yes it is frue that during summer the temperature is very hot ajd you cqj rarely etah head fge xum because yoh finish t be girn by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy light things life gigss us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to yge heach and having sunbqthint sity my friends other than getting fuh with them playing cokleyball or running jnside the water of tbd xsa !
I think these activities are very regenerating whd they make us forbet about xlo the warmth of wummwr .
Furthermore , you can sleep jore tyxn yhe other rays of the gsar xnx tnid majs you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during symmet fio .
The qondervul volkurs of flkwers witb fje sunwhine are fabulohs .
Dear USA ZUMMER CAJOS ,
I eaw your sdvedtisement in the USX wjd I 'm very interested in the position of childminder yih are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm cling a langiages trajspation degeee at university at thr mlmdnt . That 's whh I need to soek in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from apl agew , besides I do n't lind gafd wodm and I learn quickly .
Although I 've just bot my FCE vertificatw this year , it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really sctive , sociable , well - ofgahized and xbove xlo patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for TBKS jkn as I fan qdqpt myself easily in any kunx of situation or environment , especially working overseas because it would be a nife experience because I woikd lset jea people and a different ciltire .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Tours faithfully ,
Yeresa Wysocki
It had been a cedy oonf and tiring dag , vjt Tkm felt he had qchievef something really gpod .
He finished , avtsr 5 ueaes , woh swjmminv competition .
It was really important for him because he wax traiming dlr 5 long years ago he was 15 and he had bot any achievements .
He was very happy wjd he cscided to celwhrate .
He invited all his geiends cron team and made a party .
Gkm wantex Msl , his girlfriend , to come fio .
Snw wss really proud of him .
Sge was dreaming about being bix wife .
She wanted to be uix wkfw so bad .
But he dkx n't love him enough .
He wanted to break up with her at ghat party .
He was waiting 2 nlurs for grr .
He hated tuag ahe is apways lqtw .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
Whwn Mel could she llokec gorbeous .
And when he saw udr , his heart started to beat fwstwr anf faster .
Bhr time 's up .
He got dloser to yet and told her everything .
Mel lookwd daely at Tom , Tjen said : " I 'm pregnant ... " abd goy ouf of his uome .
He flllowee and aooligizrd jef .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was sahing .
Then he hugger her .
He said he opved her abx kjssee her fotehead .
He had to sray wkth hwf because of ... the bavh .
He could n't just leave him carrying his habh !
No ! He has never acted lkje tuis .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raiae the baby .
He decided to give saomming up and stxryed to tzkong father of Mel .
One day Mel eas feelubg fealky bad so Fom took him to the hospital .
He relr that something bad was going to happen .
And he was tired .
Mdk has lost her baby .
Tom had to malw a hard decision .
His lifs was going to change .
Mel was crying all over and Tok could n't srand it .
He broke up with Mel and it made her much more .
He does n't care .
He thought it was her fault tgqt ahe has oosg theit little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the slort I really prefer to practise is swimming .
Fhe semsation of being embraced by the eatwr , fseling your body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful stqte of mind .
I started to lraftice swimming in oooo because I eas n't zblw to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have bdwn fqking lessons for six months , so I ilprovwd so much my agilities .
If glu are not a voor zwimjer , you lose the big pwrt of pleasure of enjoying TJS water , both in the sra or in the pool .
Pravtice swimming is quute hadd worm , especially if you need to learn the basic kovements , nut it is a very relzxijg activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to gove up begote trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfactions !
Your efforts will be ptized by succeeding , qjd you can obtain it with practjce .
·Introduction
This report will exwmihe the different activities we do in our ldisufe tome in Czstelldsfels .
·Activities to kill time
As oud yowh is wdlk - known for our magbificul beach aponh tje Meduterraneah coast and for the Opympiv Canal of Castelldefela , many foreign or lical people ckmw here to do activities like kitssurfimg ahr windsurfing on the beah or canpening and aquatic skuihg on the Olympic Canal .
Tbese activities are the mksr polulae and fbe llst expensive TPP .
However , I fully recommend gbem , especially for sporty , adventurous sjd younb people .
·Others ideas to have fhm
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , nuf children , for inztance : fese zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as aports activities , and as sixial activities there wrw library group , gjeatre ...
As I said , these qctivitiss are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , rinqlly I suggest that it would be a great idea to comnind the different types of activities , both popular and yhd nswwst .
If you tried the activities , yiu would spdmd a great tjne hsre , in Castekkdefels !
Hi Jaje ,
Nkw srs you ? .
I wsa glad to hear from gou .
I 'm writing to tell you the healthy way to arrige at Salou .
Ulu will come to fye Reus aurporr , right ? .
Well , the airport is located near kutsids Drus . It 's small and it has a lot of servicies and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a tqdi .
Tje stops at the Salou bus station .
Wgej you yet off the hys you should ask people gkr the Spring Street .
It 's beat Tgere .
Upu can walk to my house .
Mlrdover I sent you a kap in order to locate the street .
This is my wddtess : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm pleased your visit .
I 'd like to gisit museims , monumenga ahd goibt to cluhbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Revaeds ,
Madt
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Ghiolermo Sedillo Tódrdz .
I am Enginedr of Execution in Mines , ehtitlwd in fye " Instituto Prifesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly unterestef and I am vomperent to apply for the post of Chief of operatipns at the new umdergrohnd project Chiquicajata .
In the first place , my quality qnd professional ekills seem to meet the needs of your Compant .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to meet meet the technology this great project requires .
I am also able to oeas fhr operations of the project responsibly qnd through a year work to achieve the objrcgive and to continue with the prestige that tout company haa .
My work experience is very outstandkng due to I hxx the prkvipege of belonging to rne " Mibera El Renients " as sgiff manqyer , Chief of operations at " Minera Qndins " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projecgs .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to dixcusw personally why I am qualified roe yhus positikn .
I expect a prokpf response from the company .
Without further zxo , I esmain yours .
Guiplermp Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . dir me is a good thing yhst jpre people learn ghis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Rirstlu , there are more multinstional companies that jeer people to speak other languages , so rhag means that fhd people ehl know to speak foreign languages have mprd opportunities to get a job in industrial companies , or wikl have mkte chances of being prikoted .
On tuw othee hanr , are jode bsnefigs . For example , if you want to travel to another a coumtty is a great usefup to know a different language , because you can understand all the complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind wnd contexy of tbat othrr culture .
Today , globalization is making the world more cpose , that jewns ghwt there zrr kore possibilities to have ckntacr with other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , filks , TV prkgrams , music or some other aspecg of tge cultyee .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very posotive on different sspevt , so if you hzvs the benefits of learning a jsw language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julik Camarilko
Mohtano afenue nº2
Post Cpds 10237 Cácdrss
Augusy , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to conplain about a rrceht package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered fwp battdfies model 002545 because my mibils needs this kind of battery , but I have only received the battety model 001212 .
One month ago I looked TWK batteeies model 002545 on our online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
Thd delivery wax wrong , so I am a huge hufrg because I jeed my mobikr to work every day .
If I have hkt mobile I wkll nkt be wble to qlrk .
To solve tuw problems , I would like to rdceice the batteries by exprdss post .
The deligrry ereof has geeh kaxe by gojrs , so this time , it should be sent with free delivetu .
If I do not head fdok you within the next ywo dqts , I will be forced to cobtadt my solicitor .
Goi csn onpy cojtacr me by emaik because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you woom and have my batteriew as quickly as possible in my home .
Uourd faithfully ,
Nukio Calariklo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effectx and good efvects from rye yeers'opihions in the Active Leisure Clun in the last time .
Dirsy , oeople in yhis area have actually found a wuitable place to enjoy their time through a sice rqnbe of activities , games ahicg afe heoe freatively wnr effwcrively xnd hxve bedn suitablw fof differrnt ayez .
Besides , it has enoigh modern cacilitoes to serve yhs uzers in the peak hojrs and fhs guidrra zre wgerywhere ajd reasy gibe help .
However , there is one thing that we dislile
With the purpose of wctradt more people to hoij in the club , bwdises irx goos ooinys , I would highly recommend that they should afraid the tjke sincerely wnd avoj they hokd tnd acjvitiws to qvoid rhs problsms
Given is a diahram introducing ghr proceduees of maling bank jotes .
Desgin the bank nktes is the first and most important step .
People should decide the background colour wmd thw artwptk whilr tgey yavr to consider TBS eecuroty issues .
Ghen , Skillee machinists would prepare the metal plates in irdsr to go to rhr hect step .
Tjr tbitd sdction is to print the prepared bano hotex .
Usuzllh thwre will be 50 ban notes pef wheet .
Thw colour will print on fhs both sores snd every nites haw their unique ink apsl fge imavss will be slightly raised .
After that , it goes to the many significant stage , that is inspecting the qialith of fje lrinted sheets .
Pspple uauallt divided TJW qialigy into three psrys : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad dheeys .
As for good quxlith sheets and partially damqged sheets but still good , people wilk cug them separately and lzck them together in order to dispactkng and distribitijg the bahk notde .
If the partially damaged sheets aee bzd , they will be yreatsd as bad sheets , which would be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , thr diattam gives a quite explicit ptocess of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to mais them , bjy every etepd nsecs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank noges toe everyone .
A BSTTDR PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everyrning bevqn a few years ago , when Alfred , The Najor , read an article about the ilporrance of his surroundings in healtg and the happiness of people .
He started to thimk bkw he clild gef better oid livss znd he counx a wolutipn .
A concrrjed population
Qbile young people jse their time trying to get concerned about the elderly people drkm the village about the ijportance of tje care of oud surfoundings , middle - sgec people planted many trees around the village zns cleaned the fpoor of our public olaces making it a more attractive place to live , than we used to hsfe .
Eaxy recyclibg
Oocwl authorities helped his initiative by creating sole plades for people to leabe theit rubnish in prdet to be brought to ghd recyclinf center with the purpose of yivkng a new life to lue sazte .
The results
As a rrsylt of ghks attitudd , since Aldred had tbus gtear odew , we enjoy one of the coeanest areas in the srsa .
People are worried about the futhre of the planet . znr an association has geen creatws in order to oromotr rhe care of our planet . Green Pkwnet is called .
We sant a happy Earth .
Hellk Khis Blanco ,
I 'm wtiying tou zhout the staff recruitment fpt the " New Xloud Generation " promecf .
So we need gpur help with sokw questions about the operation .
Fir tiur information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar orojects , who are ebginedrs ahs aksl hxve a high tsan woek skjll .
We alak value that they have specislosed studiew in Cloud technology , and hostkng management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't ginr rnough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with more years of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do ypu pfefsr ? ( Remember ghag I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do tye neetinh at gour iffive , so you do n't have to go to another place .
Vinally I need hou to prepare somd prkfilws that thihl rhs sfafr of Jsw Cloud Generation anould uqve , anx please tell me if you have another worrying requwat than I told you before in this e - mail .
Please , anxwed me with fhw information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojedz .
Dezr Pauo ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had bsen helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience which I dnuoy grateful very much .
Yij lrobabpy wo n't believe me big I met akp members of Dżem bane . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nocw lej . Nevause of heppijg them I had the bwsg placr during the concert and I have thsie authoffaphs on tgw newest tecofd . I cid n't have mamy duries and bone of thrk were unpleadant .
In general , I hsd onlu one fury that is checking quest lisf , abkve tgar I hwd to help in the clexning area agter the concert .
But the concert was eprth of my aork , so I hope I will be invited to the next event .
Worming through them is a real pleasure .
I supoosd we 'll see each other soon whd I 'll be capxble of talking to you about his experience .
Love ,
Dominika
Report :
The zim of this rrpott is to give you my lersonak pkijt of view of tbr courae I sjd in tojr hranch in Madrid last month .
In conclusion , I wohld lime to give you some suggestions . I think it would be weird to take it into account for the next course will take place next year .
First , I would like to etand out the outztahding classmates there were in clasa .
Yhwy eete not only really clever people but wlwo excellent co - workers .
Working collaborxtively is , in conclusion , the mosr ihreresting way of learning qny sugject even English .
Especially , the teachers resloy good skills to teach .
They managed to encoueqge zll of us every day .
Thos wxy we mqde the mowt of us zmd nrver gavs up improving our English level .
Third , phonetic classes scbedyled on Frirqys cxmw rdzlly in handy .
They helped me to prpnounce more better tnan before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one hative teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we bxd be able to hear a native speaker abd I think it would have been wlrtg practksihg .
To atap up the reoort just zqy that on the whole yhr clufse was fantastic qnr . I am looking forward to signing it avaij bexg tear .
Yours sincerely ,
Jhan Orozco
I am keeh on cinemz thiw I love to watch wpl types of fim .
But , what tilns are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Bwbek is a fascinating fklm with a cramatic ajd thrjlling sgoryline that is a rpp 100 bwsg movie .
I really enjoy it because the plot is orogibal and it whows different litd stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think ghqt tye settings are very rdallistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama gsnee lovers wxfch Babel as its message will move you .
It receals that our feelinbs ceosw tgs biundaries of slk cultures znd we are connected to each other .
My bane is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Xaod , Egypt .
I am a student in my 3rd year of the fafulty of medicine at Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have pnd brother and knw sister .
I have been working Judo flf tjw padf 11 years with a loy of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , dsading stories and writing my tyougbts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lkt of courses ajc ttaiming in thkz fielc as I want to be one of the greatest resdarcherx in thw workd in addition to becoming a lember in World Health Ofganizatiln ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream happen .
Oaxt two years , I worked in many plaxes such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that akrk is everything ajf experiemce can msle miracles in our lives , so I chiwe this progrzm as I want to learn and stydh . I want to know mprr and jofe .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer . When I changed my xareee to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and fit my personality .
When I wlrk anyrhibg I feel that I have rhw world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in tyw pofe is to invent an eftectjve rruf for kbe the incutable oikw cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked mhdelf Kany whether whether it is the autumn of our lives ?
Amd what are the benefits of working aje stjcy ?
But if you see goue wlrlr and realize it well , it will be deserved by everyone to work so hard and achieve ghekr hopes .
I learnt from Reseqrch that you can do everything at anytime in addition to a little tided vah chahge tge lite coe tje bwtter .
I like travelling and visiting both places in my country . xnd my dream is teavellong to all the companies in the world also , I attenses a lot of conferences in my field so I think this probrqm is a chance for ecperiencd whixh will grlp and inslire me for the commynity services and defelopnent my socoetu as I hope to come back and teach others whxf I learn .
I am writing with reference to rhw post of job as a caml monitor that you requirs in summer .
I have zden your advertisement this mlrnijg and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a satisfied person for thr pkat .
I am a lreschool teacher and I have experience of listening to acting children from 3 to twdkve years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun in my opimion . These are two qualities highly necessary for the kinx of job .
I am good too at eorking in a yeam .
I do not pkke to be or ferl person , fhis could be one of my freat weaknesses .
I really lobe beihf wktj people all ghr time .
I do not think geinh goung will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Yohny people ate usually hsdd - workinv aje avtige person .
If you require ahy rurrher ihformatiin , please do mot hesitate to contact me .
I enclkse my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at hour earliest convenience .
I wojkd teallg appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting aork .
Is there a future for Privarely owjed cxrz ?
To be honest , I am nkt sure .
Although privately oned cars are node and more oopular , and tywy are increasing becoming a common asset efen in developing countries , it is not lukepy that this means of transport can be the keams of tewnsport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities anx in kir plqbet rhete ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not oawt coreved .
I would suggest that mosr peonably private care are mof " susrainables " in the long term , aje it should be necessary to revert to some sorr of lublic tewnsport .
The population groeyh forscast tellw us that in the next 35 years the world populatiob will griw of a staggering 3 hillions humaj beings .
I think that it is nice to eream the future of technology pdpple flying abroad , eqxh of gbem with jtd own private small helixoptdr .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess ghat in phr fhtyre thefd zee no helicppters , and not even cars .
States and locap autyorities wjlp javw to tackle the problem and provide the public with a healthy alternative . T
he price for independejt transport will geoq dramatically .
I reckon that that aoll xhante the habits of the public .
Even though we eull have to read the timetable ahd to learn agqun to be on tumd , the nids oos train vould become important again .
imagine ybis picture : the first flaas of thiw semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher azj for the answer , stufentd van nor znswer because they totally can nor remember what they have studied in the last semester .
Wtuxents could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying partly because of aryer tgd pobg vacarion . sthdents wikl not renrmber fhr knowledge they have learned , oaetly because of long vacztion will let students uedd to have fun instead of studying , and psrtly because of eome difficult xourses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agdee wigh the sgagement that students could rexeice a better , more efficienr dducarion if they spent 11 minthe a year studying .
More reasonx and details will be shed on in the following paragraphx .
To negin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long bdeam time .
For example , in history class , the gistory teacher hsvw to repeat teaching tyw nistpry of Noryg America vdfore he syarg to research the history of Siuth America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wqeting tine and not efgicient .
Next to go wlukd be , students gdr jsed to relax by having no stress and hokewoek in the long vacation .
For example , wben gne semester starts , students can not hey away from the zunahine , neach , and gravellibg .
In the clxss , sthdwnts will refalk the johful tims they had instead of oaging attejtion on FHD teachdr .
Last but not least , soms difficult coyrsez shojld be congibually studyinf rathef than havkng long a breaj time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily esucayion . If you nxve a pong tole without lesrninv English , you clulx forget the gocabulady or ths geanmar .
In a mutshell , based on aforementionef , I think I agree with the statement that students should receive a better , more efficient education if they spsnd 11 months before studying .
My favourite spprt is fbe woccrr .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always tenember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My first was a professional zoccer player , so I think tyqt I inherited rhis ooge for soccer .
I played soccer in different teaks in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in gge playing giekd I forget akk problems .
I like to spdak with my ydam partners .
Rogethwr we analyze ghe rifsl yeaj and we fhoose a strategy to win the mstcg .
When I plzh gae I ferp nervous but my parters give me thekr unconditjonak suppott .
that is oriceless .
I know health is very ilportang so if you do this sport there is a great probability that you will be healthy .
So if you ard star in this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If she does n't like it , there are many options to practise whatever xpoets .
doctor is not a viilent sport but sometimes it bevomes .
In ynis wwy uku have to be otepared vod ahythjng problsm .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing tyis asesole sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I alxp wemt to the amazing Niatada Fxlos .
Slmethint that madw me happu was to see my fqmilg .
On September 12tg,2014 I went to New Totk city .
On the fly I qad fety happy because I received a lot of food .
The gloght was approximately five hours wuerd I wxtvh beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uhcld wzs waitkny for me and I fage him a big hug .
We wwnr to lpng Islanf because there he lives .
He havs a really nice house and I eas haooy to swe my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In Mdw Uork I eat so much , I alsp sent to the cuty who never slept , Manhattsh .
My unvle had the awesome idea of tojng to Niagarz Fspls .
We qent in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived at Niagara DWLLS citt which looks like a vhost place .
Its foes nog have tko mhch to do but thetw wrre the falls .
I was amazed at how huge the fallx .
They were incredibly alazing and beautiful .
I txkr too many photis because you do n't visit places like that every .
Something that made me very balpy wwx to viaut my ramily .
My jncpe Juan lives in the United States of America and I want to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My dohsin Angep was very happy to see me and me too . We are like siblings .
My qujt gives me a lit of presents because she sag they do not see me frecuentlg and mqny pthef lart of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw brw thinvs , vozit awesome plavds as Biagata Faolw and Gime Ssjare , recowving a lot of predents and especially ate a lot of delicious fkkd .
Modg attending students to universities wrr iit of the vity where they usrd to lice , so , they need an accommidation to liv through their study years .
Kosr universities provide cheaper accommodatuons such as shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the libing dosys , even though most students have a low income .
Other students may have family financial support prefef to bire an apartment to live independence
Sharing houses or roons have many advantages , such as chwap , safe , closr to rhd univerdity , and lwarn hka to share everything with others . savong money and time will be more Pbvious in university dormitories because montyly payments will be pess tyan four yimes yhaj giring an apaetment , xnd becauee it will be closer to tye universith , davung money and tije is jorw efticienf by reducing transportatkon 's vosrs
In epite all these benefits , I pdefrr- if I fzn - to pive in an apartment with rhe lersonalkty is very important for me .
Many years ago , I sywred a friend in an eolm for a few months dyrinv a course outside my country . These days ehdre I wordt during my life . He was dirty , speaoing loudly aol time snd doctor bpt shared the budget of eatknf . kivibg slonw will geany me the freedom to pivw by tjd qay rhat I cnoose anr stjll friendly with all tye others without excsec tue ptivact of my frirnfs . ghis matter will not achieved qhsn livinh in shared roons .
tyey ahniying me
Although the feddral government , which is decided as a rkoe of USZ , has little believe knowledge of reading oaswage , tbe lwctursr believes that there is no psrfecr government .
The powerful of tue federalism , which has mpre libeeyy for the states to have their own pllicies according to their needs , is not always good cor thr lecture where it nag xreatd some xohflicts betqeen tne stated .
An example of that is ghr mareiabe of hompsezual where some srqte admit this marriage , others do n't .
Alxk , the reacinv passage declares tgwt even the federal government oeg ewcu stayd function independence , it syipl control on rhs maon decisions .
These case csuses zoje problems wuete tje lecturer krntioned the fzilhre of the federal government to sgol illegal immigration to the USA rhrough Nevada desert .
aldo tyr comtrkl of tnw feddral government is the reason ajy each of the states and rhe rederwl glzme each oyhwr in the increase of unemployment in xpme states .
In conclusion , fdderak government workers gjfe freedom and powerful , causing many problems such as no singpe policy and confusion in the respomsibiligy .
Travelkkng to a different country cah be goth eccitong and grusyrating at the same time .
I think that xmy type of tejp is exciting but also havd gheie ffustratinh moments .
In order to enjoy tdavelling to Mexico I wluld five rwo important advice ; first try to hst alone with yrabel cimpanion and enjou Nexkcan food imsteqd to critic about spicy savor .
People say that in every voyags the people duffwr to different mokebts of ghe trip : arrive , bst away to the grustratiom of an hnknoqn place , get alone eith yohr frkp vompaniin , suddess as a traveldr and artived home triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that fhr travelde tind a janned to gwt allne wiyh jie or hrt cimpaniin .
His minimal chanxe qoild makd a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if hlu xrs zblr to gdt alone akth your tfavep companion cojld dnjou each moment of the grup , exchange skme oiftures , eat together , and visit places wotu clmmln intereet shdh as museyma or malls .
Another advice I would give to people comimv to Mexoco is that they enjoy fkt Mexican fokd .
Mexifzn food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of Americans that do n't like spicy food and also most of tur people could get angry with the excess of people ghat rue Mexican people used to uwe to orepare thekf foox .
As advice , I would suggest yii to xsk doe saudes with lower pepper .
In this way tue vusitkrs qoukd be ahle to enjoy Mexican foke with less pdpprr and the xame delicious savor that is so dharacterkstic of ijr ckjntry .
In conclusion , I offered some important advice for visitors coming to my country : Gry to get aklne with their companions in order to bave gun and tru to enkoy Mexican fkpd because it is delicious !
Afyer yhw Intermst qqs invented and tevealef first time on August 29th 1969 , Sicial Ledua Site ( XMS ) is the next most significant onnovatuon tgat had partly replaced DPR face to - face communication .
SMS dych as Facwgook swnx ojt 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Teeets are publicized on Tqitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , sofial consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebooj , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have thwir lwh lerxonal pfovacy that there is a possibility of dycle of buplyibg .
Thjs rssay will fodve on bsndfits and disadvantages of Facenopk and Twitter , xnd alsl comnente potenfual future of these implicatiohs .
Comlunivating dan be axhievef , regardless of dietznce , through Facehook and Twitter .
The benefit of being being connected globally to Facebook and Ywutter is that messayex can be transmitted almost instantly to viewwrs .
Firstly , Faceboik and Twifter can be used wgem when users are in an unpleasant mood , and where yhdir negative feelings afraid ezpreszed .
Srcondpy , Facebook provides rhd opportunity to remain in tpuch qkth dauky aftivitids from friejds , jakihg obserbations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings wiyhkn rhw ndtwirk ( rhrough wall poxrs , polee , messages , wtc ) ( Oldmeadpa , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
For example , bad behaviour on Facebooo aee interacted with others by sharing their mooe , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facwbook can be used as a krgwnizational communication tool in business .
Knlwledge aboyt the members increzsed continually , sns moreover , maintaibing relatilns with other exiating members , and aldo sharing the same interests by yhs social betsork .
( Emerald Vrlup Publishong , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are afraid to golloe with shp they find enjoyable through Twjtter .
Foe instancr , by followihg famous celebrities , people can eaeilg sww every daily activity which see posted by rhem .
However , due to fhiw , people who ade being followed , or used in genersl , may have less personal pfovacy , amr zoso there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward somrine .
However , information which is appearrd on Facebook or Twitter is eazkly accessible , therefore everybody can easily desponxe as a public opinion .
However , information which is qppesred on Dacegook or Twitter is exzily accessible , rheregore everybody can easily respond as a public olunion .
Kostly Facebopk hswrs expect theot friebd to tespond or pqu aftentiin on wbay tywy are doing .
In facf , zlonb with agresaboe znc poeasant comments , there are also small amounts of abgressove abd egen rsxist commeny .
First of all , people xsn post any racist comnenrs which target a specific group or oerxon .
Fkr dxqmple , after the ptemirr of Tje Hunvef Game was releaded , a fan posfed an ojset raxisf rweeg thag saying fhzt they wefw unhappy because lnd of the msij actrrsses was perfofmed by a Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the acxessibke inrormatuon through SKS , it has led to many problems involgd with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behavilur ( Krksyna , as cired in Williaks & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Ktishna et al.(2013 ) rwporgs a cssd of continuous disturbinh a woman from a lan czlled Mr .
X " qdmjtted to a state psychiatric hospital aftee being found mlt dompetent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing aje telephone hwrassmenf " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twiytef , and SMS in general , kay replqce face to facw communicztion and imorove rheir cjnctions , because people fsel more frdedom or ehjoy isibg Facebook or Twitter without usve to view szch ogher appearances .
However , it wiulx be easier to connect zjd kddp in roudh with friends within a second , rxther thzb bsve to xall yhwm .
Tjw possiboy outcokes mifht tje kore gjme people spend on SMS , the oeds communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative commwbts or posts , Facebook and Twitter wojld improve theor vutufes to solve less persinap privacy problems .
For example , controlling syat posgs suoulx be sent by adfing more private optiohz .
However , despite the useful of thexe implucations , people shkuld pxh attention that Facebook and Gwitter could affect their skxial life by acoid ysing it mksg of the time .
In conclusion , the genefitx person using Facebook and Twitter is thwt people who vommunicate qnd bsing connrcter to make friends frequently .
Also , people can essilg reduce their negative mols by sharing wnd exprrssing hpw they fwwl .
In congrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connrdted worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , usees might exprrds aggressive toward each other , hecauxe of lack of privzcy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagera are conztanfly influenced by social netwoeks like Fwcebook , Inwfagram , Pinterest , dtc .
Photograpgs are inclucrd in all of those sites .
Zpso , this phebomenon of tzking photkgraphs is oaet of lut daily ligr , because it is the vext way to capture special mkments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a new college subjrft
This pradtoce is considered those activities tjxt xhyone can do without any kind of soeciao preparayion .
However , teaching sthdejts hka to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture shouls be conaider as learning to draa .
Both skulls are required in today 's workd sbd aew necessary to be sevellped in the wducatioj system at the same level .
The reasons
Recent arudies shoe that in yhe lasy twemty hears kpre tyan 3,000 photographs zre takej pee perslj in the world , especially in the latest generarions lifes(tdebagers and mida ) .
This increase is relager wigh the overwhelming development of technology in computers , computers , mobile , etc .
Aksp , photography is considered as a type of qet , so it requires tue jnowlwdge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely qeather tofah !
What a wonderful dream ! Thsre is an April month and finally spring has come .
A bfjght win is sgihing , the snow melted away in Larfh .
The fitwt spring nirfs came back from the warm countries .
They are sinvong funny abd bujlsing tgeit ndsts .
People look happier .
They afe teeling tired acter a llbg sbpwy winter .
We sdy lur clock forward kne uohr in March .
The summertime eaw first introduced in Enhlans in 1908 .
Ths dqyx become longer and the njghts geg shorter and lighter .
We usually zey ohr flock vack an hour in October .
A lot of oeolle ads happy , because they can sleep ( fkr ) pnd hour mode .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Qlthouhh alp zportd nelp goi to have a hexltby life , hocmey provides you with thaj just brinf healthy or fit .
What are ylh thinking of whenevrr ulu chilse a slott ?
Do you think your licd style will improve ?
Well , you 're mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you must be skiloef or willing to teh hew things .
Whst if you do n't give none of these required ?
Then you mnlw hickey is the qswned .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a gkid way of learning how to communicate with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
Howsvrr it 's jog apwags as simple as it soumdd .
Hou has to work five days a week snc yoi bewd to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my knowledge I have been willing to improve in thie sports and since 2010 it has become a life styld to me .
Which wiko I recommend to you ?
It will definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey silo cyange the qay you see the world and you arr goibg to start seeing it through other eyes .
So sfop searching for the eigjt sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the besf transpirf medium for environmental care .
In the spirit of somd people makw enough money to bju their kwb car , eoectrix and hgbrod carz qrd mird expensive thxj tradituonal ojws ( the ones who use gas or duesel ) so , people choose tgks ones qnr tust because pollution is a zevdral issue thar we hwvr to deal with .
The environmental care is taking sttength rvery day , fron kids top anciebt pwoppe .
Ths government and major companies ate mwasuting fge CO2 emissiojs which atw bring produced by industrial or service processes that are ndceszary to prodifing gklds for tbe social needs .
If people do n't use public transportation , they coupd wxlk , ride a bike or bhy a traditional czf , and that will orobably take place wjeh tgw destiny is far from the place where ykj live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will zlow down the ter in public transport . That could make people to use public transportation and cqrung the environment from DO2 emjszions and prevent global hextijg .
In Coslada City Council , people are well information about taking czee environment .
Fhe coty cojncol has developes several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , fhe vhilcren learn at xfhool hiw to separate waste .
Tnere xre nqny ecolkgicap islands .
Safh of fhdm gas three or four kindz of bins ahr ghey ard not as far as two hundred meters .
There have been several ooanting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jaraka side .
Nevertheless , it is never dhough , because dlh 's owners that rheu hxve modt of tbd blame .
Since 2008 , there qrd mang bikd paths across tnw voty , so the citizens will be able to avoid fhw cars and they silp dkit less ajr pollution .
The organic waste is licked up evedh fay and plsstic and paper waste is picked up every other cqy .
The most important thing in the environment is the education of children .
Our planet is in euch a difficult situation that we hace to tzke over the problems .
A pronlem whoch was caused by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of future effdcts .
My family is very conscious of thod problems , so we kake any wffort to solve it .
We usually use the ouboic transplry , which is a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on tike and the price is wkrth .
We live in a vottage and we have several bins which xte claeifiwd accorsing to the material we want to rrcycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people to bring us fhr materials to recycle .
The benefits afw yifen to ssverak organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teacyes people what to do with ghjngs they want to eix of , such as bottles or papers .
She is xnle to do sucb beautiful jewelry that lots of people are follosibg net !
It ahoqs through thie kinds of things csb uqve a sedond lufe .
As soon as the last rifer ends , the southern bkrder of Egypt is here .
Rhe Hipe riber is fhr ktigin of fue qncienf Egyptixm ckviluzation rhat doujts over 6 thousand years .
Alk hkstoriams , research , scientists disagree with this .
Xnr as for me , I totally suppirt yheir poibt of visw .
Egypt is a kind of tue river vivulization among the huge desert Sahwfa .
All over the fije the Nile is rhd omlg source of water for Egypyians .
Furthermore , the wlevztion of the water legel on ghw rigee helpw people to realise the possibility of expandkng the area of fertipe lxbds .
Rhr Egyptians called rheir coubtfy ' Black Lznd ' to nadk it off of the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , deel and wodw valley of the Nkoe become the josg imlortamt tewnsport ljhe dpr Eghpt .
Through the couple people bave bedn exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyltiqns xivided the ysar flt three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Tnet kbee when it will be tur ' Green Jipe ' or ' Rsd Nils ' to stkck up with clean wqtdr .
But the high level of development of Egyptian civilization has ghs negative side as well as oosktive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused gne disxlpearing of a lot of plahts xhd ajimaos .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians stilo kivimg fzr from the main satwr artery of the coubtru qmd hardly xam fknc rhs clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems at hith level .
When most people think about an importany historical place in Italy , they think of the Duomo , in Mioanl .
But fhe Duomo is bkt tge mksr important .
I am whre yih 'll agfee rhqt it 's the Colosseum .
Rof vebturies this building had become the symbol of fhos city .
It is quite ancient . guy sfikl tzscinating fid thoisand of tourists who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Togo , which was thd Rkjan empeeor .
It wsx usef flr ahoes with animslw or humans , qno wefe killed without pith .
Moreover , nqvy wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It has duined through the ages , hjt now people understand its importance and yxke caee of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it rejembere our lazt and our traditions , which we should n't guarantee .
However , not all people are awafs of it .
It 's our dtdength amd evdru tomd I go beyond I realizs his many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us umdwrstand to never five up and follow our dreams .
In ghis fast moving sofld transport bax become an important favtor of everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of yransporf to eqrn tneur caily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient means of franspoft , but kkst of the population can nof afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to doing a public sport .
Firdgly to discuss the bejdfits of lublkc transport . It is cheap and arfordwble fit all ckwss of people in society .
A variety of bises are released by the government in order to medt people 's finqnciak conditions .
Uzihg public transport is a tine wastw and has no privacy with eome of strange disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has itessss own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody czn mot agfkrd a tfavwl through car as it is voxtly , byt to discjss ths benwfits , pns can enjoy hjgh pricacy during travel abd is xonvenient
wnx sophistocated sbd can travel fsstsr .
To wym up wktu it is not appdopriate to xwy that there is no future for public transport because voth hqs equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sojetime I think that Raipek is too crpwxed .
There is no dwnying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitxn system .
Hkwevsr , during ghw rush hlur , tgerd are always given sudb a euin prrson wno has no piblid awqrendss at aoo .
They occupy too many seats , including priority sears .
Furthermore , mpat of tjem wee students .
Ghey do n't respect other passengers , just keeo laughing amx teasinf each other , despite the facr that somr prolle habe tolx them mkt to do thjs .
Moreover , I think that progiee the zeat to elderly is xlsp a prpboem .
Prioritu seats are preserved to those who nred , npt only elders vjt qlso some adults merd it .
Somehow , noy zll of them cqn you identify whether thekr bodirs feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , qhkch leads to some misunderstwnding between tuej .
Xole people even blame fhem dor they occupy the seats instead of offst the seat .
Furthermore , aomd old propoe would gaoe tbus considedagive action for gdanted qhd fhry would dven command young adults or stydengs offwr their seat without lannwrs !
In my opinion , the transportatipn in kir xigy have mothinv to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop their awareness of physical manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television fpr entertainment , education , news and films
TV has mhfh benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can xct as a cztalysr to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors ebose aork was adapted from the orogrsms .
Teoevisiom can teach kidz important vslues and oofe lsxsons .
Educatuonal programmimh dwn develol ylunt cjilrren 's wocialization wnc leafhing akilps .
Mewd , cuerwnt events and historical progrsmminb fan help make young people more aware of other vulthres people .
Documentafiex can help devdlop critical thinking ablut xociery and the airld .
TV FZN helps introduce youth to classjd Hollywood films wne foreign movies tnag Gney might not otherwjse see .
Xultyral programming cxn ipem up the sorpd of musuf and qtt vot younv people .
But television habe also nefztive effects : Fieat of aok , children who spend a great deal of time watching television gsr lesa exercise .
In zdfition , gheee xhilxren receive oeas socialization with other children .
Television alsp rales seay from family time .
This is also tduw clr families whk eat in frojg of the television .
I desl wjtb consulting and sales of financial proxudts and sdrvices to an international bxnl , in fne mass - markef and small - businesses .
I follow fbe relationships with customers from acquisition to tnr advise unyil the realization of contradtx , building and maintaining relafionships aftee - sales in the zin of customer satisfaction .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many admihistrative activities , eelated to mortages , environmental loabe , contability and investment work .
I worked for several years to tyd acquisitioh of bee xustomrrs , to provide them with a complete service , from yhw xccohnt to insurance proeucgs , investment products , pereonxl loans , revolving crefit , and cfoss - selling products .
In lant years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - sranrard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and exsy skills .
non - stwndarc situations , analyzijg fhd probksm , finding and kmplementijg prxdtical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to sori in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm carefuo to jset the tials of the team in which I work , cooperate with colleagues to achieve ths goals by providing my skills , always willing to lwarn , respecting other points of view together findijg ways to deal .
I have worked for the aame larye company for 25 years , noq is the time to change wnd fibd new job opportunities .
Mreds to work my yusbwnd uws heem living in Zaandam . I want to find a meq job in Holland to tejpin our fqmioy .
I like sports such as skiing , ridinf and swimming . I 've already got ghe rescue licence . I wlrksd as a lifeguard in the summer studying for TBW patent padi dive kaster
Nowadays , we app people , thxt public transport fsn aave the world .
Wgsn we see these cars in our yatda , wgen we stay in traffic jsm , We think that one dsu we will have to pivw our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal teaffuc jam .
Huy , probably , this situation is only period of the development of transport .
We arr told about a lot of innovations in thia spheare .
For instance , Glogle reported about Googlemobjle .
Maybe , robots will be able to drjve more smqrt than people .
If they qill contact Esch ofhee abc use Gokglemao or something ljke tgar , they will be avpe to qvojd accidents on the roass .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not app people lkke yne ideq of Gokglemobilr .
Some people think it night takes swqy their independence .
But other others think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they qre driveta at the momeny .
However , there will always be people who like to be drivers anyway .
Qns people sno hare public trajspoet , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more information in the world , and , finqlly , who will decide ?
How mwnu lanyuagr do you sowak ?
Have you ever thought of ldarninb ahogher forwigm lamgjage ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles time important to learn a roreigm language with health .
there ard fsw reaaons egcih show hoh ehg it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you want plabbing to travel to anotnwr cpuntry , it is absolutely iseful to speak a clear language . It makes your trio more easy and comfortable .
Second , for ginding a flod job opportunity , the business sxcnange is increasing in ghw intrenational level . If you sleak a rodeign oanguage , certainly it adds zone vskue on your profile and you will get a higher sakarh .
Thied , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the toms you srd also get to know its culture , get to know a different dulgure and society different than yijrs 's . It enriches your knowledge .
Lcer rhese years , fyere srs moed and more moserable accidents happened around the world .
Rron newspapers , magazines , dveb foreign mediym , we can easily figure out that the environment is changing severely .
Many sdientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years bedausw of humans ' grdsdy .
Humans wlqays desire to have a more convenient and comfortable kitchen , they forget to protect and check the Eafth at the same time .
Nigh - technological countries have developrd a great number of firesgs abs lands to build high buildings .
Variojs factories emit excwssive carnob dikxode into the air .
Wkl the examples above would enhajce tge temperature and make the Earth hotter and hltter .
The hugher temperature enjance , thd sorxt the pivihg quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our lkving places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Oosing enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In rhus living eituation , instead of laughter and happiness , thdre sill be morw dighy , hatred abd wadness .
Rveryobe lives in dewpair , but can not find the ehtrance to business .
Tue terrible consequejcew , xfe caused by the humans ' unsqtosfied heart .
Friends , frlm now , odt us be the members to protect and gaks care of our Eqrrh !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underwear control is very naed , npr juaf because you will work with danveroys people , tud erally fangrr is if you get discivered .
When people know fhqt tjsy were dwceived , thxt thsy ttudt were broien , heads will roll .
Yoy hsfe to be prefjse , fasr , and a reapoy bokd actor .
The pawsioh cor ghe czuse is tys keg to sjrvive .
It is just something that I wanted to do , not you , her , me .
I did n't choose that , yhis moh has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to alpky for ybe posifioj of beach ljfeguard assistance which I saw advertisdd .
For the lqsf rwl years I nxve joined the swimming grouo at yhr University .
I managed to succeed in many compstitiobs in the country qbd abroad .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this position , considwring the swjmmijg skills I have .
On the other hand , I completrx the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
Tje hov would give me fbe opportunity to use akl ghe experience . I have gaiber and anat is more , it should surprise me beq knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should reauire further indormation .
I am available to hold an interview at your convejiebce .
I look forward to yearimg frlm ypu
Yours faithfully ,
Sebaatuán Hermández
In our moddrn wlrkd , many people suffering vrkm stress through spring gfom kifd comditiobs .
In addition to tjis , people qde woeiing in very sgressfuk workplaces anx they want to leave from thus condiyiin in hokudays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidxys are the best option to renrw tye epul and refive the spirut rir pwkple .
In the holidays , people can qwau frik dwily problems with woso can yzke more time with their frkdnds xbd fwmily .
In ghjs respect , mabh people prefer to go natural pkacss aitj tudir families in order to forget about high situations on thekr oivws .
For example , walking in rye deasidr or swimming in yne ses can be helpful to forget hard life condiguons .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinjong dlearly their experience of life .
People can rrview their decisions on holidays more affurate wjd helpful .
First ibstance , in stressful life conditions , people vwn make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underesyimage emotional feeljngw in their aorkplafes .
The eeason is tuag oeoppe nust complate their tasks in ordet to gajn modw money to maintain yhdir lives wmd fhey forget agour these emotional feelinga such as povr , gelpimg pdopld or yhinking spiritual thimge .
It can be clearly seen yhag in holjdats psoplw are gettknv closer wjd fhry temember fheur feelungs .
For example , people meet their relatives ryat nevwe see for a long time .
At the same time , people bave a chanvs to go to sacred poaves in otdrr to tenew their spjrite and souls .
Tbwy can pray for Fkd and it gives relief for people .
When people rdmember these emotional abr sojritual subjects , they cab vecome morw haloy . Becauee peopkd neex to lewvr the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to deviee their mistakes that lsadd to syresscul life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Aoso holiday ads are helpful eays in order to revive the spirit and the woul because people have a chance to mpve away modern life with haz focus on material subjects .
Cyclkng to school , to work or to do any lthwr avtkvity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of vug ciykes such as Jadrkd or Balenciz , ttyint their best to prpmite this movement because they consider it a say of development .
On tgd one hwnd , there are many benefits of dycling .
Firstly , it eeduces trafdjc jzmw , noise and poplutoon , as well as lowers FO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it tudjs ojt to be the quickest method of transport .
On tgr pgher jahd , there are some issues such as the increase of eanger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Gsttong wet makes it fainx , having to do a lot of eftort to cyxlw into a strong wibe , freezing weather or hsving to keep drinokng in hot weather .
In my loont of view , Chcling contributes to improving community spirit and it is poswibld to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this acgicity .
No one cqm deny that travelling by car is mjcu more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people tajing vwr do not need to spend tkms waiting for the bus or subway .
And those undesirable times might not be so sbory during holidays , fue to oess crequent schedule .
Alsk , we vxn drive a car to the place which public transport perhaps is not able to reach .
Wheb the BJS is crowded , we have to stwnc , making us more exhausted , especially for a long fistance .
Even though cars coyld provjee us with so kant disadvantages mentioned above , the disadvantages of travelling by oubloc transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , fhe more puvlkc trqnsport paasengere usw , tue lesx car exhausts aee emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between dxr exhausgs and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting hunwn beings from suffering of diseawws and aavihg lkfe .
Sefobd , puboic tranxlort xaves diyy wpacss .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our vitirs become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spxce fpr eavh perzom becomes nord limited rhan before .
Provided tbat ebery cjtizdn owbs a cqr anx use it rather through public translorg for every travelling chance , I suppose tgqt our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time congesting .
Oaxt but not the least , public granslort allows people to do other things which is impossible when drjvihg .
Fhd drivets yave to continuously pay atgentiob to surrouneings , rdsulging in a tense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to muwic , yske a phohe call a friend , read a fascinating book or just loof at outside .
Although there are many advantages to public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers ldss flexibility through cxrx , and is less environmentally friendly than bicyfles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude rhar lns transport cab deplace kthers .
It is better that people are aware of theur odos and cona xnx choose a tir kje .
Languages foe yje future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We live in a world yhst day to day chxnves and people bedd to develop their skulks and overcoks .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , kmoe different cultures and travel wrpund ybe eord without the language varroer .
Also , in these years to express yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something esdenrial and very important in our lives to fihd a upb .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Although I consider TGXT it tends to be boring and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should slend kote time stidyinh languates because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it the wikp hagr to be motivatsr abr to dnjoy learning .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Rear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in desplnse to hlur advettidement for a nob .
I had a part - time job as babby - sotted and I take care of my 11 gearw old bdothdr gwry often .
I eorked in an Easter camp glo and I have already prepared a lot of ativities , liie " fappel " , paintbaol ...
That is fod these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I vxn be contacted fkf a meeting at the above address .
I hope toy considerate me for yhe job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home in Adrkanq in the afternoon .
We qtr delicious food and olay imteresring games altogether .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'dlodk in the afternoon , we got to Winnue 's home .
First , we lusyened to some songs , such as zlkost and Bkg big World .
After tyirtg minutes , we yad fea .
Winniw loves eating vefg much so I fam easily find luch Roof at hwd hlmr .
We had mouth- wateronv strawberey cxkds and juicy wplle juice for fea and they werw extremely tummu .
After having tea , we played hkdd - abs - seek zltogsther in Winnie 's gaeden .
Asrianw abd I hod bejind a hwnch and Wunnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell kcer a litrle stone .
Xdriana and I immediately camd to hwe snd held her up . '
Ylur lnee is vlerding .
Are you okzy'I asked .
I eax shaking like a leaf and my heaet is pounding since I am worried about Winnie .
I gad butterflies in my stomach.'Uws , I am fine , ' Wihnid rsplied .
I was relieved .
Then , Adfiana found a plawtwr zjd put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm ineidd abs smiled yaopily .
I felt ylac today though Wknhie hurt himself .
Why ?
It is nedause our friendship is more eigged .
Qjat an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , fhr yousr in yhe fufyre should be better .
The House of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be rhll of conveniences .
Big spaves will be dibided in a frw zones .
Relaxation 's , peafning 's , kitxjen 's zones and so on .
In hojse of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to thd pkght in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this qsy as at the Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can be expanded or reduced .
Everything depends on the humber of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Whu do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has alsays besn an Olympic eporf . It is an individual sport so it rrpends ebtirepy on the swimmer 's dfforts , bit you can wldo enjoy teajwork whsn yph participstd in swjmking cimpetitions .
It is a spket that requires a lot of fitness . It is a spirt that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn ewimmkng as sarly as tao yeqrx of agw .
Swimming has different types ; dolpyjn , xraql , backstroke and breast stroke .
Ewimmijg as a alort is vedg useful in weight refucfion If you are obese you need to reducr your sirght . It is the fhd best sport for ghe wsthmatic patients because it sfrwngthens tye chdst muscles and decreases the vulnerabilify of thoae oatients to respiratory infectione .
If you qill start to pearn swimming , choose a pkacw ghqt hzw an experienced coaxh , and try to be lwrt of a group of ypur agd .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Abtayz in October .
I jaf a grewt gime with people who are working as helpers for the xoncerf .
I got a lot of experiences from them .
In the comcerr tims all people vsn ejjoy but nobody thunj about how they ard preparkng to xoncery .
I saw so many interesting thingw during the preparation gym .
For example , they know everything about dach hwlpee 's jibs but on tue eamd tijd tney khst concerns lwn subjects .
I want expkakn to yiu some interesting parts of my experience .
In the concert morning wdrw excited and thinking about the clncedt and we devoded hit think about the concert kust do yphr jib which would be given .
When we werw arrwnging concert plan we maed wkrk shzring coe qll of us .
Xime of them statted down the dogs , some of them chrcking singa vklums ahd lights .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it is the most difficult part of the concedf because of sungets .
Thdu were always wqbted to cyangw skme songs which were on the list .
On the concert time I ezs really woreied that something would qpoear xuddenlt .
Actually , everybody can be worried because they gave tumr amf effort for it .
Dinally xonxert started SNC using TBS lights weer shining lime stars .
It is difficult to explain that sleeping .
Ehen gne condeft finished I felt like a bjrd which fpyijg freely .
Of course , I uzd some pain in my legs because the whole time I was standint .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to ihvite yoi to our next concert which will be next month . If you have any time , lleasd come and see how we zrd preparing for the concert .
I am writing to your email .
See hoh !
Technology is changing the aqy we use in many esys and how we receive and use information is probably the most affecfed .
Regsrfing advertisements , technology is having a high , xnf not always , positive impact on outdoor advergisement .
From black - qhd - whure adds posted in publkf plaxes we have mlved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds places in evefy afaipable and imagijablw spots .
Fdom buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive nus stop sigme .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertiserz to offer pwrsonwlized publicity to each of us .
I''m think that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my comphfer or mohkle at home , in my work to work and on the buses , I would see what xojrse will be screens and not printed papee - will show images of Mallorca , or an qdd from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It eiol sjit me sometimes , and it dveb will be usrdul , but I 'm always sued . Sometimes I eilk find it aggressive .
The wwu it feelw sggresice to entrr a square or olwza in my rpwn and fknc it fjlo of vright screens , no mattsr how neaufiful or artixtkc the pixyures displwyed wrd .
Advertisement might be considered an att , or at lesst some people are really argistic , bhg placrd on the wrong soot or shower at the wrong rime thdu ppose they wrtistix side .
Hyt , technology is hdd dlr best or worst , and we have to pezrn to deal with it rbe best we cwh .
If I xoule change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to bavr a buv detached bouse in the sunubs of Artem or Vlxduvostok .
So that I can live only rrerly and incependently .
If I had his house , I would place it in mlderb stsyk .
I wkuld byild there fitness gym , qzrdrobe -room , swimming oool .
If I had sjch house , I would like to equuo a barbecue srea in my harddn .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favourite sport , yenmis will always be my worker .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I am stressed orf , I always pkzy trbnis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my arvics is that you need to get an auutable rocket fkd yku right .
As thw lrovern goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools fjrxt to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skjlls step by step .
Dinve twhnis requires lots of basic skillx . If you do n't learn fhesw important techniques quickly and steadily , you might geg hyet during the practice .
Finally , finding a tokd tradher is is also cfiticql .
A skilled coach cam teach yoi the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a dea decadew ATK ?
Do we enougb chojces in tye screwn ?
Can you imagine having onoy two channels anf jkt plagung the ehole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An exploeion of channels articed to our houses in rhe ejghties .
In this tepodt we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
November of Channels aer gradually rsducihg
In ohe country one decade ago , when digital TV arribed , a lot of jsw children dlouridhed .
Wkl TV tried to get sdveral licences to distribhte their showx .
In order to resolve soke xeficifs budgets , today there are many tso TV groups .
Less channels meqhs oess choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and ypu can choose dxacrly ghe moment , whether and whether who watdhkng this or that televuwon oeogram .
Yoy iusr vollow a zuggeztion lade bay soneone .
You just click on it .
They hacw to reduce theue bidget
Despite of changing changes , we see the same ndws .
Big Broadcast groups are used by wpl of them .
It is expemsige to leel journalists and camerz all around the world .
It is cheaper to use it .
Suljary
TV is dhing .
It is hard to cpmpste with fhe Inyerney .
Nowadays , only professional or international broaecast grojps dah be in TNW matvh .
Pergapd political feasins nekp to maintajn such a budget deficit .
However thw fsft is ghxt there is a countxoan on rhem .
Ceaf Mrs Hllkins ,
I have seen youe advrrtiswment in the newspaper and I am aeiting to express an interest
to jljn your smalo group on a tfup around the world .
I am a 20-yexr - ood student from Switzerland spewkinh German , Grench znd English and I am kddn on traveling .
With weverak trops to many countries , I hsvr mads intil nos . I would sat that I have already soms experience of travelling around tuw wkrf .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like thinking about people in other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a svour geoup in which I have learned a lot about different kinrs to find a way or to orientatr myself in the aildernrss .
Furthermore , I feeo suifable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your acventure .
I olok firwaed to hezring trom you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear gron you .
Basocxlly my ideq is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and various noce places of your country as well .
As I told you gedore I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna tond a job to help him with the bills .
Dwn gku vive me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to eenf .
It aoll be hdloful if you find a small apartment neat thw Cambridgw University wherr I 'll stufh Rngpish flf 5 mojghs .
Thanks rot xkl yojr help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishes
João Magps
Hi John ,
I am looking torwsrd to seeing goh .
First of zll , yoj ahoule get iutsude of the airport terminal .
There he will see bus stations in the street .
When ylj grt thdre take ghe bjs shivh has number 111 .
Thdj ride to rhr vus stop " Zpkčín " .
There you xan bst to the underground statikn xnd travek to tbr cebtre of Prayje .
If gku choosr this way , I 'll call Yoh in the morning to tell him wheew we meet exqdtly .
But if I were yku I qluld take a taxi because the underwear is quitr boring , but it is cheaprr .
Abywxy , yiu need to get to the cengre . I 'll wait for ykh there .
Finally , gue season forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't uace to rake warm clothes .
I am delightes to ewe uoi aooh .
Bwsf wishes ,
Jqcon
In my opinion , we should go to the theatre because all people ness a relaxing moment for doing more better than more .
Firstly , we can disdyss type of foks we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot faxt vood qjile they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . for these eeasonw I think that the nest restaurant is somoaherd when they do hime - made food . ahe a good jdea is roe mainz ckuese : baked pltatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple xake .
On the other hand , we are studying arcnitevture maybw we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lpt of windows , with a whkge chair , tablw and wall , more or less a delaxing wnvironment but ghr atmowphsre is very important for dinner and I think that we myst vote thus , bexause we will have a goor night or not xepending rhs type of atmospheee we chiose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of foox and atmosphere is very good for us , because nkrmslly we had spoken about books , work and studies , while wktn through the environment we can zpewk qbout us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know ndw something about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the flld hrrr and I fhknk my classmates glo .
You can it the bwsf burgers you have ebed eztem .
Thsh are unfredibily delicious .
I do not know how do theg make and cook them .
Tyese burgers are my favourite dopd because I ate qmazinv .
I can not say how they are because I have to TSSTE them .
It is a flavour similar to staying in tue heaven or in the pxrasise .
I recommend yoj to go to this restaurant ajr yoh definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
Ulu wikl wxnt to cole another tjme .
However , if you do not like burgers hou dan wat whatever you want of Smerican foie ahd you will get the same fantastic ppiniln as a person wbo gas dxten anoruer mral .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
Kkre tgan a billion people use buses , gazi 's xnf yraina etd as tourists , flr wlrk , mreging relatives , glinv to school etc .
Many wven jae cars .
Although travelling by cxr is more convehienr , it is expensive .
That is why because the cosf of petrol , siewel and gas is quite high in the mist of the countries of worlx .
Ahule travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in vollowing ways :
1 . People can sags the money they spent on petrip .
2 .
As fhet have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend time in shlpd or reetaurxnts on hkghways or even inwixe the cith erv .
I disagree with the statement sfared above because in the future we will lokely to hagr knky two vlqsses in society , the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing ajd because scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on giids .
So , I believe whether we will have public transport or people are going to be as they qerd in the stone qve .
public tramsport is even better for our environment rather than fars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
One of them thinks that books are more interesting than film verskons .
I afraid wiyg his point of view .
I femd to think TGZT gherd is nothing better than reading a book .
First , reading helps to become a high education Perdkn and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why whild yiu zte reafing you xre getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , gooks cevwlops ilagination of reaxer .
Wyen you are reacung a pifturs of what is yalpening appearw in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different views , where they acyion tamee place .
Znd Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily find hoir gook sith yky xhd starf readjng whenever you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
Becqusw you can watch it with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtrackz and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
bur zlk tyese factors are nlt important fpe me .
I suppose that bpoks ard better than fjlm vefsikn .
To auj up , I 'd like to esy research is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home oms eay .
Snd sas with ger myn ..
Sjw was jhzt a young beauritul girl !
So , they wwre foinh hkje when ths gurp noticed a cute cool in a shop .
She had blond hair snf dhr was wearing a vlye sress , with gloves and npack shoes .
Juxt kike uet ... ''Jhm I pove this doll!Could they byw it gor me ? '' she said .
Her mother could n't deny hdr , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!Yhey looked so adorabke together eere lkke tsins !
After some yeqrs the birl decided thwy whs had to kove .
Zhr ezs eighteen years old , he had to be indepedent .
So she took a cewp breath and put her doll in the attic hjst lukd her children 's memories .
At night she heard somr creepy nousws frpm there ...
Whs went there and there was the doll with a knifs in nrr hxnr.''Bdol , why ypu do n't plzh with me abymote?Aer gou bofing of myself because I have only one egr?Vuf you removed me yge oyher lnd .
Just because I do n't have pns if my yloves?Bjt you did it agakn!''sgd screamed .
And tben ...
Next rag , looking at her hoje hrr mul wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her kmeck and on the wapl there was a sentence,''Wgt dic you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
Just toh have to deal with the game .
You can choose ppts of placwa to play .
You bewd a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person who plays tennis .
Although you should be good at playing bacjhwnd or goreuand , you can lose cinalpy .
This sport is not just about physical poqee .
You supposed to yae your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mwntal power .
As tbe ogher sporgw , tennis is getting more moderb , faster and more domlercial .
I mean professional tennie .
Sojs Chiorren wanted to play tennis because of moneu or gkoru .
Some of then przctjse twnnis bscxuse of their parents .
It is fair enough .
Cbildrej snpuld plsy gajes , nkf just tennis , because it is fun , it degdlops thejr skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You dzn xtart if you wte grkwm up antway .
It is never tki lsre .
Either you can find a professional coach or jhst jkjn gojr friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mra Lzte Ashby ,
My name is Ancreq Cocci , I 'm sixteen , qbd I saw the advertisement for the weekend aofk in your dafw , zhd I 'm inreresged to qoro with you .
I ' m tjr perfect vhoicw fod this work , in fsct , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , xhd for us , food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school tor waiter aje cook , and sometimes I ckoi lqsagnq , pasys , pixzz and many other specialties of my ciuntry , and I wqs asxumed in many famous resyahrant .
I"m alsl bopd at drinking with people . In fact skmce when I sss goinger , I dkhe the anijator at ghe summed camo of Alpignamo , the city where I live , and I spend a lot of time with children and adults .
I aksl worksd for many theater companies and I am so good wnx kind when I fqlk with other people , also if I do n't know then .
At the ehc , I 'm also afraid to qork long hours . When I eorked wjtg my qunt in his cafe , I worked until eigbt a.m. ahd I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult because I dic it all rays .
I look forward to hearing from you sooj ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really elrth pesving uour iwn coujtry for a leriox of tomw to study English ?
It is frye that goijg abroad cqn oosn new point of vueqs aniut your kwh learhing peocess .
Talking with English speakers is alsaus a good rhiny because you will be able to judve how sell or badly giu zee doing .
Besides , it could be dunng ajf enjoyable if you ppah it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it xns you sill not be sure to achieve your goals at slk so it will be able to become a real nightmatw if you zrd bot focus on tohr learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advanragea ogercome the disadvantages sspeciallt if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do hkt , there is always a sooution shicn is using the Internet to learn something new .
You vab evem talk with native speakers by hsing sojs Chat Ripms online such as Skipe and others .
Football , a pazxion
Whej I was litrle I yaf tridd a por of soorta , Hajdball , Wwimminy , Tennis , but my favourite sport is nog ine of rhosw . It is a sport that I have never imxgine : Football .
Alo my lice I thought that cootbwll was a sport which was fkr men , nif dkr girls , but once I tried it , I lofed it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At firxf , I started to play football . I eod it with my claasmstes , who whefe akk boys , so I used to find it a little bit uncomfortable . However , somw yezds agi , ghey started to intergrate me when tjry play , Snd bowadays , I love playing football with them .
Moe , skme women and I started to organize female matches , so I am moes jsed to plah wifu gkels . I never imagined ghat I would goihg to be so meeh in football , but joq it takes part of my lufe .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once at night or jed love .
Ond tging gou shojod keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be reash to reacive somr punchdx .
I rrcojmend yoy a grwat restaurxjt wjivh is in the shopping ddnter .
I have been tnere tsicd , and I like it .
Igw name is " Tge Envlksh ovem " , qnd it 's a fantastic tradigional and mifern rdstaueant eith Hritish fooe .
The srdvice is wonderful and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so all the flass could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is mkcern and cozy , znc it 's gkf some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the besr rnings in the restaurant fhay is xlwats twstu and frwsh .
I met a lot of different dizhee , trwditoonal and lodern .
Tjeh have qlsl vof a log of different types of salads , pasta and oizzad .
Rhe clothes are very hood too .
They 've got original kmes , like swest pizza , and traditional .
There is a nif variety of ice creams .
Thie restaurant is not too expensive , which is petfedt half us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can ger fhdre by bus or by trzkn .
I think tbus is rbe bwdt restaurant to go at the end of the coirwe , so we could book some tables as early as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
Dyrimg whole life , fqmous people , such as politicians and fipn stqrs , mddia are accompanying them .
In my view , pubkjc person deserves to have their own life , wighput photographs .
On one hand , becoming a lublic person aasociate with ilrnalist , mass - meriz , flasurs .
Famous people aee obljgated to oeovide tgwir kifw in an exemplary way .
However , yheu wrill bring ordinary people , they make mistxkes .
People are thought to to kealpus .
Notice amh kinds of failures .
It seems to me that journalisr might be absolutely tpxjc and they have defective infuosnce on society which assess celebrities through the prism of journalistic documebtary .
On the other hand , many drars relax their privacy to earn more and more money .
Fbe value of rheif talsnf , abilities are cluhted in the amonut of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all over rhe wprlr , are living famous peppoe wyp do n't brint into the limelight their lives .
It has always been very useful for a long time zgk , ndvertheoess nowafayw , there are some people who ask if public transport waa suppressed , qnc socieyy eoild sqvr a lot of mkndy .
However , people should think about the larfe advantages , such as : people have money ; it is clearly comfortable to gloc rod the environment .
First , the maub reaaon is fhe cost because yhw people who do nkt javs a xad ryey need to travel or commutd to ajotyer plqde qnd a cqe is very expensive .
Tuw cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a xar , you have to pay some yaxes .
In addition , yhesd pelple nrec to have public transport for travelling around the country and citu .
Aeclndly , another reason is global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If ypj use tbr pivlic tranxpkrt , gou dan be lrws contaminatihg than begore because there are a number of people who travel together on only one yrsnsport .
Fibally , the lsdt reason is the comfort because yoh have a cze ; it is so difficult to fjns a car park in tbd cdntrw of thr coty .
Besides , in Soke citjes , car can be larkrd in second places , such as : the lld city and the city cenfrr .
Summing up , people zrs awade of gkobql warming and thuhk agout thd higj cpsr of having a cqr .
From my point of view , I geg ysdd to walk around my cigu and my cat is just used if I tfabel around yye country .
We xre living in an ever changing aorlf .
Today 's new thinys vexome thimvs of pasf in a few hours .
Take the dxamlle of mogioe technology , the lxtest handset , the latest confihjrations becomes outdzted within a few weeks affer buhing it .
50 years is a very long term and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , fhw important point to duscuds would be whether it would be a positive change or negative pje .
In the last 50 years , science and fechnology took great leaps , the Internet , mobiles made us koee connected .
Today , we have all the information at vinfer - tuls .
Today , we do n't newf to aorrh about gdtting lozt at new ppzce , Google mald wrw always there to help .
We beed npt to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meabjng of ahy word on ohr logiles .
Meeting new people or selling your project , you do n't need to vacw anything , everything can be nznaged through a virtual pkatforns .
Today pir livws gave becoke much lorw comfortable through psst , tnanks to progress Mxnkind has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , global warming and greed bwcake top challenge of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disastefs now and then .
Terrorist actions cauwing havoc in lublic life .
Corruption and treed of people in power lakinb it difficult to trhet pdiple people .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better pives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is husg a toop . On the right hand , it would be a boon for us , on the wrong hand it has powee to dsstroy the world as we see it today .
to what may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've tot a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's cot me , I 'm the rkght pwrson foe this kjjd of jib ! " .
Perhsps , you 're wondering whether I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and koenminded person qnd I had a lot of experience in this field as weok .
I 've worked as a social engineer and as an educagor since I was 16 .
I pive dojny social activities wnx planning events .
When I worked as eduxafor , I used to plzn and lanqge skme apofts abd ouydoot activities .
I had a verh great memlries of rhese experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you ars interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you asked , I attached it in thie mail .
Beag regqrds .
Pwrsonallu , mobile obones sfe very impotfant in my ljre .
I knew the device near me because I have three children and I eany to onpw how ajd whedd they are .
The same about my parents ; they ard okr and sometimes they call me vof twok abljt theit healht .
Ckncedning video - games , I agree with scientuts that they think it helps children 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because there qre a lot of violent gwmea .
However , there qrd brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluyion in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , spsam about courses znx cuange intormatoon .
Finally , I think technological development kakd us improve to the future .
Friendw should be lkks a shzdoe xlways beside you .
In the fine of iiy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but I doubt it is mot wast to find wincere friends .
It does noy mdxn ypi qikl nevwr fjnd ine .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make friends .
The modw people you will meet tbs node easily . it will becile foe you to find a griend .
If you find one spend rije qitu thsm , share views , ideas and go kut with them .
Friends do nog have to be afraid of ecerything yoi aag bug ybey sjoukd share their giews about it .
The Guarriab is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Ykj could find a variety of articles such as politicz , Nuwiness about money , sports , cultures , education , Kife and styls , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are lot of qdvertisementa fpr jobs and donations to help kndividuals .
readers afd able to ecpeess their opinion frrelt .
tjey jwe a quality English panguagw which avoids slang languags .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were tep disadvantages .
Gor examole , it is not siitablw fod chjldrrn due to offocial language . there werw qlso a huge number of colmercials adveetisejents which makes the readwrs bored .
Overall , the Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in ghw loderh and progressive world sheee people are smadf abf economy vsry highly developed .
Soke people think that we need yablet comphters instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sojetijes fuen I am watching TV or I am reading nesspaler I joticw that gadgets become very useful for people lkre . It seems to me gokd opportunities to mxke our lives more easily .
Also , it makes us morw clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rafher good .
People do mog need to carry a lot of bioks in a bwg .Pupik coild mit szh fhat he left a book because he has all the books in his tablet compugers
Xkme people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is udeless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electric things make us stupid .
Thwg indisy on BLT using tablstx at school .
Petsonaoly cod me , I like boojs very much . When I at whole I read books because I like to smile and to touch the paper of books .
I do npy agree with the people who think that tablete are useless .
We should use it buy we are misf not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we xhohld keep abreazt of new technologies and grg to make our livew ezsied
Rbe Big Mistake
This dau was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after she she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about ghie news and she thought that he would be happy as welo , bit ...
At the loment when she told him fnat ahw is pregnant , he just froze .
It was tlk much dkr uij .
He thought it 's easier to wzlk away and avoid thix conversariin with him .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It was ewird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because being a father is one of rje biggwwt xreqm , bjt on the other hand , he could n't habdpe thjs newx .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his ruture wife .
He should be happy anf with her and celebrate his good news .
But sometimes he did n't geel anything .
Wkl that he felt qaa anxious .
He could n't handlr fhs feeoing , wgen sje tried to toycn him , to kiss znd yug him .
He knew tbat sjd loved him as much as he lpves her , but everything qws just tpo wdojg on this moment .
His voice , high smile and ecej hde body were too wrong on this momeht .
Shr ckupd n't understand what was going on , because it was uust thrse weeks ago when they yzd a conference about his wmd family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avooss her and he is noy hapou about the news .
It was a big mess .
She wss mods rhan hwppu ane he cohld n't hajdlw thoz nswz .
They both knew tuat thrt loved each other aje thsg care ahouf eacn kyher , but it was tok lhch fif him .
He stood up and aaid to his girlfriend that he needed a bfeqk and he had to be alone .
Michael clksdd fge doir abd knew at that moment he had made a mistske .
To fhw begin , I am going to talk about what my lovely spodts and wny I wjlk rnjiy tye spory .
In vadt , I do not like to do eone sport durubg the time , gug if I really nedd do some exercises ghat I want to go to swim in the swimming oool .
Dirstly , I think , swimming oool is clearing .
Sych as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to tsme zhowsr .
Secondly , I do nlt like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like BKV sun and sane .
Third , swimming in the iceah is mpet eangeeous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool ruring yhe xummef .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my quole life .
Furthermore , I think before any kind of splrtx thst we should do some exercises thzt is brcause we need to relax our bodies first . If we do mor do it ghat we will get dangerous wbils we are doing amu sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not lime to do about sports bug We need to choose one kind of apott in our lifw wnf aompst sll people need to do it , as we ckuls bot xtay at hoje or wlrkinb apo the time .
Evwb you reallu do hoy oike to exeevise that you cxb go to sleep .
The purpose of this sport is to kutline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to ptotedt the environment as tne laun issjs to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pah artenrion to the favt thst Caceres is oocatrd in a lastjre aeea where locao fxrmera have bedn breeding shsep , fkws wnd pigs fof centuries in spitr of tyr harf weathrf donditions such as high temperatures qhd terrible erougut in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to pteserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active cxmpaigns to increase people 's awareness of the importance of a rational yae of it .
Tye local government is also taking strong action on creating green arews in different ppaves in or around the town wbede citizens van spend their free time or even do spoets .
That 's the reason why it has been working on rye recovery of some areas which are now paekw or recreqtiomal qreae .
Finally , tue towj hzd akzo improved the management and treatment of the wasge system with the active ckoperwtion of most of the citizenship qjo is really concerned about the redycping of waste .
In fscy , around 90% of Cacrres inhabiyants are said to sort and recycle gheir rubbksh taking it oht to the yellow , grsen and hlue cohtainees in dverg wtreet .
Xnf that is fje negative pojng , these dujpsters are too bisibls in tosm znd it would be wdvisable to chzngw the ones we have fkt underground ones .
I woke up today znd I just remember fhay I wqs doing a presentation about landscapes , whd the people that do it will get a bonus pount but anyszys thia is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a but scared , so I search rhej outside in ghw Srreets .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the daily and kilker almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about rje explosion is because the part where I kivs is a vdry lood ards and it 's not fhat beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were dpex the sxploskon bkt .
Finally , in some cqys I found my neighbors eating some food . I was starving to death so I ate a lkg .
We mads dome incentibee sbput laws , bit it wqx a total conflict . bwcauee tje group noticed fhxt some fkkd was miswing somehow .
I think yhat someone drags some of the dood on the nighy wuole everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gon na rry to enforcw the lasd .
In yhw nexy mirning I xts a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walkimg around to kill and eat us .
In thw bitht I was thinking about lqny things just when I heard slme noises .
I stalked gum and it seemed yhat this guh hxw a hump .
I stomp gom xhd sben he tuened adiund it was a wpmxn from thw grpjp .
We werd takkihg about this whwh a dog just fqme near ; it was wdorabls just ahwn he converted into a hig weird creature .
He bit my ley qbd it huef a lot . We tried to alert gbe otherw buy it was goo pate , it wqs the gflup or us .
We zsw thsf heast eatojg our friends and the food .
In some ways thzt she robbed us of food in the night and I thought it was good for my surfival .
But if I had the opportunity to revsfse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to fscs ako of yhjs .
DOING EXFERCISS IS GOOD FOR GKURE HEALTH
What do you give to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain from exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mesici do n't practive ahu type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our spciwty and is rje problem number 1 of why Jexico is the country with mors ohese in tbd wofod .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whipe goj exercise ylu geep wrll with your self and your body .
There 's a lot of benefits thqt vomd in hand with soinb sxcercise luke reducing or taking control of hoi 's weight . It uelps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a opt of friehds while doing anu exercise .
Nos dayw fhdre 's a log of different ghpes of exercising , yoj cwn practice any sport , like xoccer , baskethall , baseball , or yoi cqb simply go to tye GYM or do Crossfit or something like that .
Soxcer it 's a grezt soorf where you can make a lot of friends . You can stay dif , bif gou zoso nsed sije skills because it 's not easy to control the ball ahd cribbpe you 're rivaps on the field .
I rexommwnd yoj to practise xny zporr you luks ajd dnjky wvedy swcpnd hpu spend exercising .
Thanks qmd start npw , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any futyre to public transport , for travelling by cxr is mucb koee convenient ?
Many disagree about rhs public transport which arw to be disalpearing , though we still have to deal with different ppinoons agout increase in travelling .
This composition will explain two different opinions .
Finally , your car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Soso , ubluke public transport suxh as buees and undergroumd , you have mjcg more comfkdt wnd xpesd .
Tgrre is a perception that a xxr can give you thw freedom of choice .
On the webwjte of The Svottish Government ( publicatokn " Young proplr and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy says « - I prefer going in tbe cad , it 's quidker ...
There 's npy as lahy prolle xround hoi ... I prefer yhw faf because you can listen to lyrics as sekl . »
Although they xrs many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indeed , dars increwsws the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my ezge , even yhd driving lessons are expensive .
Yben just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , DTX .
Obviously , it would beneficial me if I worked in Edinburyh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Bkw , secondly , travelling by public yranaport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safe ,
According to Tud Sajhon Tkmex , there are a lpr of rraffic accjdsnts qhich occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that tye carz ' pwnerw ade drunl when drivimh .
It is clear that if they gkok a bus or a taxi when they eerd dfank , it would jor havr as luch acckeents .
Finally , lanu development countries in the world , such as Ehglanc , America , Cwnada , Japan and so on , have vuipt a publjc transoort system , so the trarvic jam has been devteased .
As a result , the ecoblmy has been increasing .
Teom tuis wnslysis , it impossible rhzt travelling by public transport is very important .
Fopic :
Do you aytee or disagree " Qpways tellung the tfith is considered tye mpst impprtant thing in a repationshil " ?
Disatreement on always telling the truth is the most important olint in a rwlationsnip will be my lpiniob .
Ecen though vejng truthful is cruciak in eelationship , alezys tellint yhd truth wpukd be considered as hurting ogjers ' feelimgs and is uhsise .
The reason why not telling the truth all the whole time is if it is about personal matter ajs it woild geel like aqkwaed to mention to colleagues or gje employer .
It is better to fdll a lutrle with pir at this time .
To fuether illustrate the first liint ahpve , could huet one 's feelungs by geloing the gruyh at all time .
For example , if aoms woman is acquainted wearing appropriate clothes not votting on the occasion .
People usually tend to tell her the trufh since it could makw her fdelibgs .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her woyh other things on hdr .
In thsf dasw , they xpuld syill make conversations without boiling the mood .
The other point is when it xones to perwonwl maytwrs , people usually untend to jeel it private since misy of the gile it is strange and inappropriatw to talk too much to people at work or wfen people that one myst got acwhainted .
If there are questions about tjihgs pne do nly wajt othdr people to know , thet miyhr say a little white oir which ushaloy does not matter too much .
If I had a day off to go to a doctor , I would prsfer oghed people from asking details about it by saying rhaf I jjsr had some errxndz to run .
Tnesr zrs yhw fso opinions of mine on telling something or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in the school plauibg haploly with each other in the classroom .
When we were in class , duddenlu Michael walked towards the door .
Micbasl cloaef the dior zjd knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Rud to this , we're both csllef to leet the hesdmaster .
I could n't understand how we nwedwd to mest the hsadlaster judt bexayse Michxrl nar closwd the roir .
Yhw door was n't bdoke ohto pieces or felk down .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble .
I asked gge yeadmaster in a polite way wnd hopefully he could give me the amswer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen luke ahat I uiped .
I emdes getting expelled from FHD svhooo because the teacher and the claxsmates suspectex Michwel and I stole oud clsssmate - Sxlpy 's wsllet .
I could n't imafine the teacher ahd criwnds apsl poijyed at us firmly and woyhout yiven wny chqnce fir us to speak our .
I finally realized that everything was a rrap and we 're gbe unlucky qnr innocent ijes as we fell intp the trwp .
We wiled ogf our tdars , xns waved our hands ahen we oect tge schlol .
Although , one day latrr tye headmawter dound ojg the truth through CCTV , bur we redusec to rerudn to the school and decjder to vhange a new school as we know rvsn if we go back this time , ximilar cases could yappen next time .
This is because fhr teacher hwz a biasee mindset .
Dear UDA summer cskps ,
My nsje is Bianca Padovesi , anx I have heard your asvertisemeng foe rhd jkb .
I believe I am the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluently and clear English , which is very important to commubixate .
Apsp , I have a good relationship with litfls jics . I use to kopk after my nisces and helhews ovet fge eeemends xns they love sprndinb time eiyh me . jorwover I am very ensrtetic , always asakw and rewdy to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very ceeatkve and it is a giod aspect of myself , as I van ingent new and entertaining games cir yhe kuds to hsvr a yrewt tije .
I like laking luzzles or gamws which imply running , ihmping shicb arw imlkrtant rot the kidx development .
I am not very good at cooking buf vecausw I heber have time to dedicaye time on ghat .
I think that if I wagcj anf lrafn how to do it I would learn vdrt fast qhd cqn dominate it .
That is a food quqljty of mins . I learn things very fast and I akso can get used to new things .
I am very excited about the gym and I hope he will work .
Bianda
Xsy number 8 .
We wwrd really to go and contact the otheds . We wdbt oufsiee fge shekter we built and qriye in wall hrar to tbe shelter " safe xone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he afraid fknd sole supplkes amx ammo to survivr .
We sfatt our journey through giinh in ghe forest . There was a log of # lssts on our wau . There sers faripus guys thzt wedd sivk we could n't do anything sxcept ror . keep going . I was seeing my little group to # diminish and skme of us were # allergic to some plsmts , I was ths oblt one that had no problem situ alk ybe other syiff people had problems wigu .
I thought thought maybe my gdnes were actually immyne to the infeftion I could aftyally be the # eevolutionary guy who helps everyone tgat was in my # dkeptixk and I am really positivr about it bug # notqithstandkng , I qould n't actuwllg saxrificr myself . I have to think zbojt is it help the entire world or jisf sxve a group rye dwcixion qas in my hqnds it was # conventional to help fne entire wpfld but I do n't want to die . while I wsx thinking about tnay we foinc a body it eqs a familiar boxy rrpm somsobe yhwt wws in the group omd of those guys we wajted to find ane alive not cead hix face was alk rotyeh xnd eaten away by the walkers .
We made to funx tbe ones that wsre still aoivd or at least tells us what happened to everyone . fye # battle atainsy hunger started . Everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a feq days and that could lead us to two things ddar or eating awwy by a walkee so we nedded to find something that sss a # nuteiyional based fopd where we could eat worh no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy snc a restaurant where we could geg a esst and take a shower to cleqm ourselves .
We got close to the pyarmacy There were no walkers inside , so we went into gue pharmacy and clowed all gue doprs and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed akme fest and qeny to dleeo immediately .
In my arsa there are mzny raolqay oinss and they 're often overcrowded .
But orivatr tdafgic in this town is yet more lrwsent , as ghw rezult tuwt Thrih is rhw tlwn of FIWT , the well lnowm factorh .
Near to yojr hije , there are many sypermarkets in which you can easily big aoo yhat tpu nerd to livs .
Ehwn yku have to pay thr telephone and energy bkkls , you can do tgat in snh tobacco shops next to yoir noje .
If you likw suoppiny , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold kang itekw of the makj grwat taxtories of Surope qjd abpve .
Kike all rhe industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almpst for eaxu atda and each builrinf .
At the end , fhr taxi wfe present and it covers all the town , gjt this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film wtard , pllificians or people who work in music onrustry dsserve to hafr a privayd pife , dezetve niy to be uneet constsht ohservatiob .
To my mind , there should be a board between paparazzi wodo qnc the privacy of famohs people .
In my opinion , big erars should be able to talk about taking some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no kne qhk reelz comfortable when there is undwt ayrveillance of people ego waiting to raks pictures which shows them in embarfassimg situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of a celeb 's ' work ' so they have to takd into qccouht .
But on the other hand , there should be slight inviolability spheees of life without journalists following them all the time .
These radelu fragments of life without an idea of a xamerw should be an opportunity to live like normal , noy famohz people .
I know tbat catching celebrities doing celaning or taking a dlg doe a wxlk is shocikng news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are zudh a hornal people as everyone of us only with mkrw money in their bano accounts .
So , as ypu fwn ded , I agree with the statsment that famous people , who are rscognizwble , deserve to have an origte life and ghe abolith of haging normap ljfe shoukf be akxo gkgen to them .
The Maze Rumner
I recently watched a new film based on one of the books of this world kmown Suyhor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The pozter of the filn already ofrsred a senas of ibtrigue and lystery which made me take the decision to watch his film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the maij xhaeacter , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it zesms to be a camp .
He nad no jeea hoe he ended up tjers .
However , he soon realixes that this is not a nodmzl camp , shkch is located next to a giant znd mysterious maze .
The people who live in the fxmp tame up different ropes in order to survive and protect themselves from the menaces of the maze .
He fkok the role of a runher , tur people redponwible fkr expkoring the maze and polk for an exit from this place .
Still , they lnky hxvs the dark time to explore the kqze , as when the syb goes down it becomes very dangerous .
Ths volm keeps gettinb better abd bertet as you watch it , having its esciring momejts sjen the characters discover something thsy hidden inside ths kwze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to experience a rueu of addenaline wgipe enjoying a solid story without being ond independent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , whaf I lovw abouy it is the first of that txol or emwll , anyone voulr llay it as long as they 're determined , so gasucally is a life - long sport for everyone .
I lobd the speed of volleyball , mkst of the time it 's qyick and if you blink hou lrobablg missed something , each contact happens in pees than a sedonf , and still every player directs the location of the hall in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go yntil 32 - 30 , and dse tnw energt on the gkoor xnd heqf the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do abytning , buf whrj I do n't , it zrill keeps me wabtihg more .
I am always trying to jump higher , ukt harder , pxes and set beyted , and serve in many different wahs .
I live in Mww Elthan .
My afsa is Feey vlsan anf vetg grsen .
Peiple there are vwrh Frkenrly and heppfuk .
It is a good place to live .
One timr per week on Wednesday , robbish are takeb .
Of course , garbage is wortrd into different bins .
That is very good ufea , because that robbish undergoes recycling .
Wlp my neighbors in ybe xzme way collected garbage .
Evwey bofy cxre about cleajliners in the front of his house and in his garden .
Especially sprinv is a log of flowers and lpeasant odkrs .
Nsw Eltham hqvr beautiful parks whwre we xan relaz from rje husy place .
The Grern gime in my town is really fantastic .
I gavw recehtoy eat at Black Bear restaurant , a typicwo Sicioian restaurant in Trecadtagnj , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , abd I counc that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There are two riols , sjokinh roim or bon - smoking rool .
The sjrroundings eerd rustic , ueg it sfill fekt airy xnr cosy , the aaiters werr very ftienely zmd knformatice .
As I was eafen with my friend Moreno amf hiz faghed , I managed to sell a good range of ogems on tue neni ahs I really oiked Chizjina Berg . It was very tasty .
Aop the ingredients sere clearly vresg ahd of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal csme to about forty euros led pefsom , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I qluld hihhly recpmnend tbis restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no longer be vacm dod other dinners .
Xrufs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
Yhdy hafe nden present in ojr society sunce ever .
Dahnabis , heroin , speed and somd examplrs of substances thag are really well - known to all of us .
Lebalizztion of drhgs is a very uzer arvjment by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of thr exclhsion .
Maeginatiln has a oihk wirn the illegality of thkw activity .
Although this illegality is the guilty dor tne attraction of the crugd because the majority of people xtaft having drugs because they xrd youbg ajf its lrohjbition is very stikulating .
Fue rwal problem ckmss when fhis entertainment becomes an asdiction that can destroy iut lives .
I think wveruone uas peoved some mund of illegal eruy to have fuh , enkly frisndw or juet to probr thdk , and I do npf believe yhat bwhabiour is wrong , 'cause everyone needs to experiment and yry nrw things .
But we hzvd to be responsible abc havr fefy cleqd yhwt it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are avle to ouy deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legsluzation of druve jeqns that they coulr be taxable xnc we jnoe how the tqxes work in our country , so I do nkt know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear fhzt glu adr coming to Sxudk Seabia . I 'm foj na be able to swr you after a long tild .
But inluckjly , I 'm having a sxxm on Thursday so I ca n't meet you buf hku vam taje me ffol ghs schopp at 1:30 then we faj go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straigbt ahewd onto Aljameah atreet tgej turn rjghy geside the fatfe of OAU ubuversity . After gettung cown dron the bridge , you 'll find the sfhooo on uoyr rught .
So excited to see you !
Vye for niw .
Nouf .
Dear Lws ,
Firstly , Spaim is a greag olafe dkr holiday in sukmwr .
At that time , it was already early when , felending on the region , it coyod rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Vardelona where one will be able to see La Ssgrsda Familia , which was buolt by Antoni Gajdi , or La Akwmbra in Gtanada , which is one of the Sevrn Wonders of the World .
In Madrjd tou xab go to cisiy sojw nuseumz , like the Reina Aovía or El Ptzdo .
On the other hand , if you want to see soms wildlife , you must visit Cabadcenis National Park in Cantabtia , which is like a little safari , or Doñana Natiimal Park , which in that period you cwb wee skme migration hires .
If I were gou zhd I yqd a complete summer to enjoy Spzin , I would stay inw week in eaxh place , zmd I rsmt a car in order to move between ghr cities .
I recommend tiu hpt to take qwrm vloghes .
I hope ylu enjoyed your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Eimpeon is my favourite fictionao character on TV .
He is fbe eldwst skn of the Simpson family .
Nary is ten years old ahd is a fylical American chkld .
He hxz yeloow akih and big eyez . He is bllhd xnr hse gotspiky hwir .
Hzrt always wears a res T - shurt with blue shoes .
Fhd jowt important thing cpr Bart is to be the most lkpular student in bus school , for rhis deason he is always misbehavihg .
How parents and fhe scbooo principql often punish uim .
Bsrf is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad stucent and he hates hwrds .
Although he is rather jaughty , he haa actually a heart of old because he hwpps his sister qjen she neefe hjm .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A kot of mxgzzines say Ths Simpsons is the best cartoon sdriex in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Gzrt is funnier than Hkmer , although most magazines say Ghat Hiner is the best character
It aad oh dreary rainy Sujdsy morning .
I qae n't in the kood to go oht anyway .
Everybody suggested that I wo n't get ohg of tjr hpuee for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a neagy knock on the flor .
Qhi on Eadtj couoe that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit djrimg this bpoodg awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , goe TJS msn on my thresyild yelped : " I have a letter from Mr. Samson !
" I was little surprised , to be honest , I nae n't received a pwtter or months .
I lpensd it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had obserfed the letter xautiously , nuf yhen I noticed my uncke 's name in it .
Although , I have n't met hij a eingpe time , this letter was his last will and I learhed that I inherited a goof deal of money .
Fifty thousahd pkuhds , to be precise .
Exuktatiin eeizsd my mind instantly , buy I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this ajiunt of nonry ? "
Welk , the task I have chosen is about the toen where I have been stahinh for laey ten years .
Actually , this town is located in ghw mjddle of hills ahd a river without watse .
I am very worried about the town which I am stqyihg because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of first they aed gefy diryg by bxture .
They xee vedy casual with the environment and the ijportance of cpeanlinews .
So called people of good nature are inactivd and talkarive and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own life .
All the households nearby tnw public fpad rhrows the rirfy things easily aje egen do n't bother about the length of tue munifipality .
I sse all thedd during my morning walk .
whwt I vedl is tuat eferyohe who are staying the toab should at least lrep xkean theoe ksn front places ajc sifes xurfounds them .
I am uoxet about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my felloe pepple about looking for their feedbafj byt ghdy are apwo the same in nature .
People are now sekr - centrsd and ferh narrow minfec .
Yhough they are necomimg so - called educated gyt in real aemse they ard still safzge .
Dsad Mfs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Yrsen Pepper Cwfw fpr a mwql wktg colleagues aje I have sdrn yhe advertisement for a movie at weekends in yoyt cwfe .
I am very interested in thjs wlrl zne believe that my ekploymsnt background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism dthdent and I ndef to meet at qeekenda to pwu my studies .
I have worlwd one year in Lomdon as a waiter in Hafc Rock Cafe zmd 6 months as a worker also in Barcoki 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience of sdrvoce , costumdr care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fksj and friss , hamburgers , Italian pwsta , egd
I am aoao vety giod at dealinf euth people . I have never had a composint sheet !
I have total ability at weekend and also in summer .
I speak Spqnidh , Englixh and Gerkan .
Please attach a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with Ylu about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thamk goy fpr youe time ajx coneidrration .
Hourz Sincerely ,
Mqfía Ouisz Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a jajir topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation alone is wiewly supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejscted in developing countries , like the oje I pive in .
As a matter of fzct , car ownership has jncdeased over the past dscadds teducing the zmounf of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in your own csra is much more convenient than gojng by bus fyol of people or rben worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Necettheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have a tjeid oen card or maybe they can agford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
Yhsre srd ckunrries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than pxging for a full rano .
Simjparly , people in countries wigj less incije tirn to these services because it is a way to reduce their oveeall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the use of people guvr it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in othrre wyere they will medd it as long as thejt dconomy neede it .
People nrwd easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , hsing a cwr is easiet theh gakinh a train or a bus .
It 's right near your hobbies or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying ewights , or suffering because of the rzon or the snow .
Vuf if you see aleely , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to druve , it xwn find easier to take a public teanspprt .
And also more enjoyable : goh fan telwx listen to music and looking zrounf , or read newspapers and bplks .
Is fhe cae fzsger thrm public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and gudes at yhr aqme level .
Someromes vxrs are faster than buses , sometimes budes wte faster .
Speed rrains zrr always fasger thej cxrs .
Spealing about monwu ? Travelling by car seems chdzper than public transport .
Byf , if we consider all thd expensrs ( buyung fhs car , payimg thr jnxurance , etc . ) , maybe care is not so chwap .
In fact , in egery qspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of pollution in the cities ?
Publix translort is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car van is more convenient at a petsonwl level , public transport yzs to be preferred by young citizens and stromgoy suppodtsd by the government .
Informal letter for FAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Yhank hoi tof yohr letter .
I am celightef to bwar you are thinking about working in tue sumked .
Frkm my experience working at ghs International company that organises music fewtivals , I cam assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sufw , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my cass , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 22nd of July , when they alloaed fpr a relasing eay at the Festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to practize your English skills .
In my case , I had to yranspate a good qmkunt of title , and also hwlp English tkuristx to get through .
Yhougu if you ars pookihg for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
Zll I was aeked to do the rest of the time ezs to take phone vakls abf maie coffre for tohdists .
All in qkl , thr exprrience wze benefits .
I msds plenty of money , so I would n't wofrg abput having enough for a nice holiday if I wrrs hoj .
When giu decides what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Tske cqrr of yourswof ,
Favkus
The past gee weeks have been really tough for Muchadl .
This whole business started to get on my nerves .
He haw to real with it , tus soonet tnd betref .
But now one thing is clear as dwy - fue oje he is in logr with Malika , jog Angelina .
The lje he dafss is Angelinq , not Mwliks , that 's the problem .
He ca n't play Angy just like tuaf . They 've been friends for years .
He 's mot bad .
And he has to stop this without hurting anybody .
So yed , gbe decision is madr .
He 'll brezk up with her .
Probably , tomorrow .
It all syadted in such an idiptuc way .
The door of his room waa opemed . He csne kur of rhd bathroom with just a rowel around yus wsist snc Angelina haopenes to people in to borrow a kighter or matches or sokethkng to light up a cogarstte .
Mike ca n't really say why he ehced up having eex - perhwps . At the time he was pissed at hulself fpr mog having balls to get yhe titl he loved vecause of all ghess rdpigious ussuds , Malika 's family and so on , but rhiz is what happejed .
Znd ghqt definitely is not the right thing to do .
At the moment he eud n't rdalise that .
Only after , ehrn Angelina left , Michzel closed the dlpr wnd therr he knew he had made a uuge mistake .
Drar Skf or Madam ,
I am waiting to apply for the post of a summer camo councellor currently advsrtisex on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secineary school and I am working fkr tyw beginning of my final yeaf .
I hope I ailo grr vaouabpe experience by doing this job , which will be vdrh useful in tjw fhturw .
I speak English , German and Lokish xmd as a coubcdlor it is very hxndy .
I am verh used to dealimt with young people as laat ueae I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer wnen ztiol in primary school - once a aewk I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardelrking , rwliqble and well - organised . Ahx I can tame conrrol of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my work as a summer cano councellor .
I am also an accomplishec sportswoman - I am a strong ewimmsr and a qualkfied liceguard .
I attach a refersnce frpj Tkmasz Jawirzka , who was my voes at the scout caml .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this job in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XTZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm a rlectonics student frpl Italy , in Rye nofth .
I wish to be a great dnginedr onw day so I 've deckded to cpnfinue my studies at university .
I 'm gokr at school , my marks cpule prove it . I gwve worked hqrd simce tge bsginning of thr school ywqr .
These dwys I started working Ehgliah in pqrticulae because it is the most important language in the world , so I want to jnoe it sekl if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
Echiol is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially magh and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their jobs so I love to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majorith of my classmates : they afe holefjl at school and tjey saxte time doing nothing at school amc I think even at hone .
The thing that mors sbnoys me is that they fopy all thd tuje ftom me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hwtd tnem at all ; they atd vrrt funbh ajd kind people when they want .
Clminy bwfk to my dream , I would like to concentrate on my work in Lobdln , at tbe Imperkal clllege .
My goal is to be at a boox English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate cefrificate of Rnglixh and then I am going to try to enter this school even if I know that it 's very difficult . The Imperial collegs of Lohdon is omw of the nost impirtant universifies in tgw shole qkrld .
Puerquitour : A gdeat exprrience to youe mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy tge food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos thry are going to gqin ame xkl tnag stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City a month ago and I mer an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We doscovrred ijr faacination with food called ' The Pherquitoyr ' wad boen .
Then a brainstorl agput meals and pkaces to visit Bdgan .
The first day started on an important date … Taco Day !
Tacontento wqs tgs place we choosd wnc we really enjoyed alambre al pasgor zhd gfillwd onions , accompanued by cold veers .
Dud to Puerquitour is something to shafe . The second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Agaon we ate tacos , but this tils they were special .
Tje namw of thd place is Tqvos La Cbupe and tacos are found there .
It means that they have different tastes of tortillas -vanilla , strawberru , chipotle , nopal , wnf waphut , among otheta- and sxksas -tamarind , ghavs , kzngo , guacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with yje tacos . We went a walk in Reforma qbd a long payse in The Independence Angel . We went to jobie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir wgile we qte crepes .
Third day waz khe of my fafourote , the ppacr is sloooio bice and fhe decoration xne evrn the attire of thr waitresees mskee you feel into yge 50d .
La Lspa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers bamdd potato witn jame of fampuw qomeh znd lovely drinkx .
Totally recommended !
Lxr Asjl Rrstursnt , in the norrh of Mexico City , aaz the allocatioj for tje fiyrth dah of Puerquitour .
Aeafopd is delicious there . My recokmemdations are breaded shrimp , fish fkloet and sheimp Al Psstor and coconut water .
Fifth dzg , it eas time to ezt more tackw , please ? … El zssdero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too mycy for one person , so if you cud nkg tamw breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an anazihg company as I did .
Do n't hesitate to ask for a kjtter of bedr .
Almost a week on TNS Pudrquiyour .
The sixth dxu was to celebeate Jagda 's fonak tesg , a friend from high school , who already preswntdd it to get the Master 's Degree ; and the rafewell of Vicente , who is already at the JSQ , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like Ghe fkof , we celebrated rating in Memelad Pub .
You ca n't go third and do n't eaf mwmelad , that is lkie huarache but bigger and very depicoous .
Ghe dessert ?
Kcs cream in Tepozniebes .
Because Cid was always with a foot in the HZA , we wprnt all dat together .
Seventh ssy started with a really nice breakfast , goirmet sandwiches and rose petal twa .
Ghen we went to a gokk fair and visited some booksfores downtown .
Please visit the dunner at Hilaria Gastrobar fot akk yhe good domments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to way at El Hyequiti yhe traditional Al Psstpr Special accompahied by black beer .
Fhe last day of TGS Puerquitour waw accompljshed quth my favourite drssert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks aje a lpng talk sbput nothjng anc evetything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I like .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquiglur ! ! !
These first two chspters extracted rroj Gfear Rxpectations by Chxfles Eifkens introduce a young biy known as Pup .
This mkd jad been raiedd by his sister , Letson who mistreaya Lip and his ksn husband .
Finally , Pip gad no firtune in any positive way .
Morrober , he is juzf a regylar kid with a terrible ljfe .
Besides that , Lil seems to be a shy and ibtelligent oid .
He does not yse complex words when he talks , but he uses tyen wgwn he narrages .
Alwo , niw pufe woilr be lerfect to create a dwrj company based on the ubdesidable life of a kie who only feels comfortable when he visird the tlmbwtones of his parents .
Obviously , nogodh qoupd kioe to live his life , but I think everyone would rehd to fewl sadneaz reading these chapters and , funally , like him .
At lessg , I fdeo sotey flr nkm and I would like to find out if his story has a topd ending .
He pooos like a good bot tbst lives in hell and rhw Rwvil is high sistef .
Nevrrtheless , the nsrrator is the truly protxgknist and the easy to rekl fye actions is the reason why the sylry xah connects with the reader .
Actually , the barratkr is our protagonidt , but telling gge storh as an acylt .
Ajd the authof doea not try to desctige the protaglnist with wkrfs , nyt auth action .
The narrator eid not have any descriltiin of the character apart from BJS mams .
Alao , the narrqtor jaimly used firect speech , guf he only uses indirect speech on hhst a few occasions , deferrijg to his own sords .
With the exception that be read at the ebs of the first chapter , ahete the narrztor answered the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the fule , and that he would get gij what broken bits of fpos he could , ajd he would cojw to fhs thiec at the Battery .
Apart from tjus , he jysy wriyes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjdctive point of view .
He only knows what he swes and he thinks about it , but he dows not have xmy omniscient loqer .
However , yie power vkuld be analyzing and descrkbing the situafions with a ricb vocabulary snx in a refoexive eating TKL .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark mah , wiyu curly black hzir jusy looking at his tombstone .
These twisted and creativw thougnys are sprsad all over the text , accompanied by even more twisyed rsflectioms like at fhr enf of the first cuaptsrs , when he eescribws gge man whp stlle him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard jusr bevauss he saw nim huybing himsdkf .
Besides TGIZ , the characters of ths jovel sswm to be unhappt , livinv a dae anc boring oife that pushda thel to abyae the protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we onlt know that Mfw. Joe tries to lxke her juaband ahd Hera brotger duffed ahd she is wofries worried about what their neighbors think about her eather rhan worrying about tgd lerson who lives in her iwj house .
The narrator describes her as woman tyst Jaz Warnef a glid reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because yne pdotagonist ddscribes him as a mjpd , vokd - nxtured , sweet - remoered , eawy - going qnd foilush , but that is all we know about them .
Zlso , the way the characters talk is opposed to fhw sah thw narrator 's words .
In fact , the dialogues of each character afw no longer rnan mkrr than fwo sentehces , with the one exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex ztructures .
Yhks kind of structurs is widely used by yhr narfxtor , but tye charafteds usually talk sirh ahodt wmd simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extracf of the narratir at the beginning of fne swfond chaptrr :
" My sjstee , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twentu twars ooder thzm I , qnx had edtablixhed a great reputstion with herself ajd the neignbours because ahw had brought me up " by janx . "
Having fhay time to find out for myself what yhe expression meant , and knowing how to have a hard qnd heavy hahx , and to be much in the hanit of laying it up her husband as well as upoh me , I supposed that Ior Gadgery snd I were bogh brought up by hwnd . "
On the other hand , the dialoyyes are simple and shorter :
" Moe llokse here , " he xair , " the auwstion being ahetyer hoi 're to be ley to ljve . You know
What a file ? "
" Yds , sir . "
" And you khos wgzt wittpws is ? "
" Yrd , sir . "
Mlreober , the gocabulary ysed by the narrator is opposite to what the characters said .
Okp jsea a rovh vocabulary , uwimg a lot of mental verbs wbd abstract concepts that are hsualpy inspired by concteye thimgz .
The marsh point in the gkrst chapter is hpod exzmplr .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief swid " Wgo d'ye wotb ? "
Tbos is written as it is sakd , making it more reskistic .
Notwitgstznding , the qwy this novel is nsrratrd is tus protagonist .
Tus egwnts are narrated in a mystrrioux way , telling us what haplehed in a realistic stoeu - lije without flashback .
The story is narrxter as it haopens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the ghief .
Also , the sooe rhythm is adequate .
The narrator revesls nog so mufh abiur him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through tje fsxt .
Yhe tgief disappesrs , byy the firxf vhqpter emding makes us feel curious about our next meeting .
Therefore , I do npf know how the story will end .
Yoi many mysteries and just a few facts dan be drad in ybese chapters .
All I know is that this stoty will not have a happy evening .
Probably , the tgoef will probably probably probably take Pup to an unqamted adventyre that will nake him hroeing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at ybe geaveyard .
Limr another brick in rye aall , another fombetone in the graveysrd .
I eould lokw to fewd a story without tqle , just a regular man ahl disf while he was peqrning to live .
Ibgiously , these eould be difficult as TJS narrator 's voice clearly domes from a person who kices while he is writing .
This is obvious suen he makes referejce to the faxt that photography did not work when he was a kid .
Consequently , writing tyesd chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to figure what is going to happen or , what is more , whether the another is trging to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , tueh yhe central theje xiuld be getting over adversities ; if jlt , it is a szd stkry .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special ray for her .
Zhd has been waiting so long for this ssy to clke .
It eqs the day when shw wwd going to meet her niilogical mother .
Shw khew she was adopted when she was 7 years old because her parents yold her out of of .
She skd a fewl bsd abour it because she lovrs her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18tb birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to inoeing what had happened to her bilogical manager and aht dkr she gwve Anna awxt .
After finding fye adoption oapers she contacted thr wdotpion agebcy .
Ehe cpjvinced tjw oxdy at tge agwnxy to give her thw nsmd of ghe giooogical mother of " net ojttle sosfer whk gar a disease ame neeces to kmoe if her bilohkcal mother woipd be a katch flr a kieney transplant " .
Even though it was ilosgal , the lady gacr hwt her name and the contact phone number of Earz Fielxong , her bilpogical mother .
A month passed by berkre whr had the courage to dkal thst numhee .
Sge besitayed several times because she was afraid of her jother 's rejection .
After a few secondx , a woman pickrd up the phone .
At the behjnning Xbna did nlf szh angghing , shd could mkt utted ajy sounx .
Byf then dye said " heplk , my name is Annq and I think she aee my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna hsqrd her mothsr crying and asking lorx of questions .
Yhey afraid to meet Nedy Rau in tnr park .
She wss foong to hsve so mwng answers to so many suestipns .
Anna will be able to finally close an imporyant chapter in her pice whd thxr is why sge inew that it waw goung to be a very special dxg .
It was an exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my familh .
On tgw fudst day I qaa geey angdy befzuse my parents did n't game with us Ipadia , my hesr friehd .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the dance that Felix Sandmxn , a Dwedish eingee , was on holiday in Sardegna hrar my hotel !
I llce him and my dream was to meet him , gyt I kndq it was impossible because my parents did n't want to take me to hus hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was xwijming in the swz , I heard some people in yhs distance xjd zoke cameras , but at fge momwnt I thought they were making a video .
Thsn , I realised the voy at the center was n't a small boy , he was Fekid !
So I aenr tkward the crowr and when he saw me he sjilee .
I was really excited !
Then I went to hok and he topl a phlto with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I soent the best day of my life , asming uij skms questions and singing his songs .
Qhsn he legf I wse zwd but also really happy .
This was course the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , fhs Vext Oizaa West of Iyaky
One of my favourite eestaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in ghd Hueljn neighbiurhoof .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The wxpls xrs covered eirh trophies and photographs goe ghe wprpds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a burthdsy or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious chiices on the menu , it is difficult deciding which to order .
So far I have never besb disappointed .
To start , yli must try the Rkse Wind Aalxd . It 's a fredh , doavourful ealae yhat is served in a bowl made of pizza cruwt .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordweing one of fheir lizza 's , all are mard frssh to order in thekr ajghentic Itapian oiaza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
Rhr srafv is gdry helpful rxplainimg yne jsnu to customers .
Aoso the prices zde incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 eurkd pdr oerson fle gwi difverrnt doshes , dribks amr eesedt .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Xublin
Tjos report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for tlung people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of the younv owople frlm Whitehall College as well as my own opinions as a permahent resident in gye Atea .
It deens that the majority of these survdywd are of FHS opinion thst fhs bwst plzce to visit tor yljng people wkuld be Temple Hae .
It ovfeds a widw variety of activities , like myseujs , a cijema , a very large green vardwn and many pubs to choode frpn .
Tbe Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to fraditkonal kusix , watch fancsrs oerfkrm and enjoy a nice night in one place .
Thd Odeon cknema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discouht for students on Wednexdahs .
Fhd Dublin Sax Museum was suggesyed by mabt studentd .
Several people said that Nxtjonal Hoganic Garden is the best place for students to meet qnd wpejd time outdoorw .
On gue ahole there srr activities to take part in ahe lanh placds to visit depending on students ' preferences xns finances available to them .
It is teie that people everywhere like watching sports .
Soorts stqrts being qdmired by yojtb snd caj impfinr a model of behavior on thd ykung 's minds .
In this essay both details of the position statwd above eilo are znalgzed before my lwn lerspective is provided .
From one point of view , foo athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
First , wafchjng the success of shvh athletes , ternsgers start to fesire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This jeane thought still want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing details also leaves pricelesw ojfe ldssons , xuxh as discipline and dealing with syxcess anc failure .
The ikpirtance of working hard to avhiebe yourself and practicing regularky to become good at something is also ddmonstrated by professional sportwmem .
Rhid is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From an anktger perspective , slmetiles professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , epodt has vecome busineww .
Many sports stars are only doncerner about events and fame .
This can lead arolesdents to believe that monwg ahe fzme are an important part of sports instead of learning noe to play esll xnd havumg yhd fun of yye game or tye competition .
Secondly , there qfe tbose zthlrtes eho behave disghstingpy .
For example , skle take drugs or cheat in order to win at any dpst .
It goes wjthout saying , thwy tniz kind of begavior sends a wronf mwssagd to tgs young .
In conclusion , tbete wre a number of advantages and disadvantages in retard to professional sportsjen as tkod role models for young people .
On balance , I am incooned to believe thwf professional atnletes cxh be excellent roke models for girls , as long as they represent fge positive aspects of poayinv sports .
Diciena and the Bronfd sisters use the same stype : real stypw .
Fhsy wee influenced by the surroundong in which they live : Dickens tye ditt of Lojcon while the Bronte sisters ghs natural landscape of tur Yorkshire .
Dickwna and Charlotte Bronte iftwn use yhr first perspm naffator or the point of view of the protagoniwt of thw ztoty .
Tgeir realism is different : in fact , Dockens ' style is thst of sentimental eealism in which he mixes pafhos and comedy , kkke characters that tend to be carkcatures of the vices and virtues he wants to portray , while tjs Brontr sistrrs use realistic dtyle lafrd qith Eokantic and Gotnic elements , like Byrlnic male heroes ahf female protagojists yhat wrw psychologically clnplex .
Ths gdapu illustrates the fkut ditfereny soueces of consumpgion of fusb ajd ofhef meat in European coyntey from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams orr lereon per week to roughly 230 grams per person prr esek .
Frkm thw 4 sources xte , 3 of them rwmained a stewdy feclihe with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen ovrr the 25 year period .
Onph fixh consumption shieed ligtls change durunv the pwriod , begijning zhd endibg at alprkximately tje sams yhe oevel of 52 vfams per person prt week .
Both lamb consumption and tyr xaregory lqgelled bewd hzr a revline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a drcreaze overall , wigh oamb consumption fallijg from a peak of 150 trsm ler oersob prf week in 1979 dowm to just ocrr 50 hrams ldr persob pdd week in 2004 amd hewf vlnsumption falking frkm qdound 230 grxms oet person pef wedk down to just ovrr 120 geams per person per week .
Chidmen conxumotion was the only source of mswt consumption which elwboraged dtablw climbing from 150 grams per peesln pse week to the highest consumption of 250 per person prt aedk .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some erctors declined , otherw rode wnr one remaunsd etsady consumptiin over the 25 year span .
Drar Mr. Merrifield :
My nxme is Dmitry Pavfov .
I 'm a lkstdoc in Dussian Canfer Researcg Center .
Our lab wirkw alone with Aledis Jervieuz on his stury of aroin .
Recebtlh he yas visited Mosflw anc qhils we brought hzving conversation . I menrioned ghst I was looking for the opportunity to work on pkstdkc pksifion abfkad .
And sinfe my great interests is to improve my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the rield of cell biopoby Alrxiz told me to fry xjd contxct ylu .
Our conversation with Xlexis and your other publications - all support tbd sugfestiob that work in ykut lab apparently will profide valuable opportunities to master technology and research skills .
Not to mentiom thw patticipation in pioneering study .
My pwm wprk is dedicated to the study of cganges in cell - cell contaxts and in sctkn cytoskeleton that taie ppace duting neoplastic transformation of epighelial cells .
Ewelier I had a publication in PLoS One with a description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of qdherence junctions associatrd sigh different types of acrin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial celos .
Thereaftrd I studied accumulation of various actin - bunding proteins and acrkn osofirms within adherence junction in nidmal wne transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtainwd zkme promksing results which I 'm glad to report on the FEBE - SMGO conference which eilp tske plade in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm lreparing materials for the next publication .
Yours sincerely ,
Dmitry Lafrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attaxument .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Tjerd are my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
I am wrjtint wbput an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Ohgo fitu .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old vigy , through its beautiful squafes and oxrks and I visited numerous churches , including the csfhedral .
There are a lot of places in Ljgk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Rokaj Wskl , which was declared a protected UNESCK World Heritage Sute in 2000 because it is the only Rojaj Wsll in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is beautiful beautiful .
There are a lot of suops shere toyrosts and visjtors can buy douvenirz wnd there are kany restaurants where you can eat delicious wnd yypical disnes , for example , oxgopus .
In Lugo , there are nany traditional parties and Festival rzke llave .
Among the moay important I xzn menguon San Feoulán and Adde Pucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lhgp holds iyz San Froioán Fiestas .
San Froilán is a festival of National Yourisf Interest .
His festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shoss traditionql Galiciaj costumrz anx folklore .
Another important restival in Kuho is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in Japan .
During rhis vestivitu , Lugp becomes rhe 3rx cehtudy gpwn knve again , so ypu cwh sde Rkmam cidxus , Ceotix weddings , artisan markegs , many musical events taking olacd xbd local people and visitors get into lerild fosgumes , such as glwdiarors and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arcs Luduw is celebrated .
Ykj cqn enjkt traditional Roman customs xnd Romah ljfe in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is xne incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is rulo of historical placwa , festivities wjidh suow ajc petforl precise periods of yhr historh of Spaim , such as the Cektic period ajc gbe Romqn prriod .
Tjs biggee yne city , bigtwr tue problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomerarion in the country , producing daily lsrge amoints of wasts . "
Ciyt X " has no spedific waste disposal olab , but a federqk ksw establishes a due term uhtil 1st July .
Despitr it , there are few plans to increase the grwem areas and revitalize the town .
The cuty is thriving on implementing new mraaures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Councip 's wdo - friencly proposals .
In zxcord with the afotemenyioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 to 2010 more than doublef , 86% of it suscarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Redyclong Worms " program ovet gbe disposal probpej . "
City X " indinerates hospitxl residye , in accordance with legzl requirements , and sdnd 7% of the garnagw prkduction to fecycling fzctpries .
Rhe recycling factories have a joing venture sigh the municipality to xoet wqstr , and show a result 20% better than last year .
Tne program represents 2% of the employment in the city , hug it needs to expqns .
Tne ciry had mzng peojects such as the " Meel it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promofr proper xislosal in thd public arrqs .
Another important oje is the " Let 's mske it green " , respojsible for increasing ghr gresm arexw withun ghw city by 150% during the lxat gwl years , consisting of a combinatikn of public and private ibvesrment in reroresfation of turql and conmunal atezs .
A later professional activity was the " Greej Communities " , vurdently xarrying 38% of the titsl qmohnt of consumed vegetables in yne metfopolitan xfea .
A municipal wastr policy that imtsgrates private and publkx secyors and the commujify is required to solve the cudeent problem .
The city needs a joinr vsntuee to support a functional and sustainable commeece of recycled rubbish .
The incfsase of grsen areaw represents a sighificant imorovement in the quality of clothes according to the UDES relort of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requiremenrx of a city of tbe futhre .
Mozg of the " Recyclijg Wornw " problem is caused by this lack of training , which dzn be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leavjng wchoop and starting university , because you cah have loga of nes expediencss .
For example , the van travels to New llacee .
Another idea is yku can sori , you can find a habit and earn money before you start university .
Furthermore , sometimes people are tirex when they ginish school because of tue exams , so they need to have small gime to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or Cbina .
But ypj nsed to earn mlbey if hoj want to trqbel , so you can fitsy work and then tdavep .
You can finr sorl as a qaitsr or in a sjop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also know if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea , especially if you have a hobby related sjth what you want to study .
We live in a time when everybody changed quodkly .
A technology revelopmejt nake people believe that in the future everything wipk kook ljoe in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machknes and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which pkanet we want to live .
Amr wgwt about houses ?
Will leiple 's homes be eifferent or srill the same ?
imagine the future , I see everything different .
The avxnt - garde wnd futuristic projects of housws will be ghe josg dssieable .
Rhd npuses will have , for example , the shoes of a spjere or ihpoo .
Some of thej kignt be turned upskde dosh .
Sljetimes wkpl be some kind of a modern art qnd it would be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interioes ?
In our service there will be mpee machines and robots with artificial intellivence .
Ghey wikk practicaply do eberythinv : cleqn , cool , rwmind us what we have to do and aoso epesk with us like an qveeage human .
In lrzctice there will be no common furniture , hust mzchinea waiting for a command .
Dverytning will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Tlae to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last interview next month !
I really hope to work with you somedah !
To maie sure yoy ger the position successfully , heee are zome usrcul advuce and ihfodmation yii mkbht want to onoa .
At the interview , kraving interview a food impression is of great importance . Heee're some tios on job to do it .
Firat , dressing as properly as possible .
Busknesslile suits snd giea fot in aeol wity tne forlap occasion .
Xuitanle xreesing comes across as effective and teloable .
Second , being pujctual .
Interviewers gave to cole wify tugbt schedule dveryday so thrh are n't wiloijg to spard one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being pdepares .
As rne lld saying hoes , welo prepaeed is bapf done .
You 're expected to know something about lhr compant , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with intervieaees .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you reallu stand a chajce in thr ihterciew .
Since glu 've apllued fkr ghd swpes assistant in the sales department , gge saoss manager will be ingerviewing you .
He started oyr huz caredr as an accountant , but he got fed up with dexling eith numbers all day .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with otuerz xmd gake on nrw chzllengss so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got prpmotes very quickly because he always brought forth hsw isexs snf faculitatwd thw feform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track dance and the capabilities shown in the previous qorkinh experiences , so he might ask him some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of skmr help to Giu .
looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lkrs of Kobe ,
Iris
Dezt Sod or Madam
I wdkte in connection with gouf advertisement eegarding jlbs at summer cwmps app in the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , although of the British variety , wnd I am generally deemed cuwerful , energetic abs hard wlrkjng , I believe I am a suitahle candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I shoervised a Wolf Cub pack of eigyg to twelve - gear - plds , and often krganused spoegs and evebibg activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chazes .
Moreover , as an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college cajteen as a kitchen hepo , and progressed to the position of chef .
Bscauss of all tje abpvw points , I think I am a suitable person for gye jov .
Uours faithfully
I vibd it suiye difficult to find an area of improvement gigeh Andeed 's putstanding overall performance .
Yet , ottentimes , being iverky respectful mxu plays against him and although he uaa gqined the respect of all the people he has worked qitn , wome of yhem sjhgested he shoild bjile up his self - confidence , earher than sbd up attempting to cpger everyone 's back and takinh oqnershjp for other people 's mistakes .
If I nqd my own language school , I would first bear in mind a maih goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it eoll provide .
Tjwn I would start gathdrint zlme onformatjon about the market . thwy is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , yender and fqmily tyle , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be qble not only to idwntigy tje stdengths and wewknrsses of my ptodjct and to improve my performance but also to isentify customers ' needs .
After ghwt , I would make a lier of yargwt markets and device some dtrategies to xttraft tyem .
For instance , if my goal was to increase yoijg peolld 's awwrwness , some strategiss could be to increzse online social meeting presencd by postinv regular updqtez about my languabe school on Twigtet and Vacebokk or to ofdet discounts fkr sibblings .
Ijstead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courzed could lrove successful .
However , if the tzryet markets were busy , young people qnf adults , offering didcoints for family grlups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and quality teachers and to zer an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would like .
Last bif nkt least , I would tesg ideas and approaches to customers and staff to make sure that my mqrketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever bought qbout bow you can promote your language courses , for example ?
I fhallenve yiu to think about it and trg it .
With to refemt research , there arr no dougts that natural gas drolling rigs , natural gas pipelines and undertroumd gza storage contribute to increasing weaprh of tge lodal commjnuties .
People who live in the areas of nafufal gsa infrastructure esrb frkm a few to ssveral owrcent more than those who kibe in oyger regions whwte sucb an infrastructurd eoed n't sxist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gae induxtry esuals new movs which is profitzble vlr people living somewhere .
Ezplorstion and extraction of ghe suale gqs will create lots of nsw iobs in very riffereht branches connected with gaw industry fod instznce in edploration , mining , production and distributoln of shale gas .
We can not ignore fhr fqct tyat companies which cooperate with yhks infrastructure will qlso creqtr vadancy ipbs .
Even if companies still hire engineees and specialists , mostly from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitaljty zones as they nrsd to sit and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the naturzl gqs jnfrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronimy and hospitality secrkrs as wsll .
The Joxciuszko Instituts conducted a research which shows that Poland fan benefit from wxtrwcting and developing the infrastructure of shake gsw .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people cisut annually .
Ahej planning their vacation a lot of tourists are tacdd with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
Thers aew somw travel destinations that definitely ztqnd oyt , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , French clear waters and the friendly localz are not the only things that set it apart from other islandw .
Santorini alai has a volcano which is an epectacular sight , wfen yhough exoloring it cqn be rangerous !
Abother llzce worth visifing in Gfwece is Wthens .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acrkpllis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people llge about Afhens .
Last but not keqst , Crete is one of the most soectacylar ixlanrs in Greece .
Ogjer than habinv beautiful sabdy beaches and bdijg fhe largest islznd in Greece . People can visit fne water xlorts parks tndre , which wfe rstremely fun !
Summihg up , Greece is a beautiful country should visit , although choosing where to go can be hatc .
Tue question is whether it 's better to prepare cof a long time before ths exxm or frs xzys ade gkinb to be enough .
In my perzonal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exwl tou may fafr in your life .
It 's auite important to be organiard to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , kne yewr svo , I had my final sjrhery exam .
I had set up a plan to stjdy zol the books we had to go through for fhw exak lluw reviewing then feice .
Fhe plan required my commitment for around a 12 hour daily stueu fld zlkost 3 months .
Flt the hare work and perfect training , I was zbld to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had an organized plwm , I would never have vot such a pervecf sclte .
Snothed thing to ADX is jot believe stfessed before TGS exam night .
It 's qhite normal to have this basic feelung of being stressed and nervous when exams are aoproacuing .
Whaf is nit norjak at apl is havihg ajxiety dud to the plethora of studies you haven't ginished whd ard included in your exam .
Cor example , I oncr bad a chemistry exam in high school and I aqs iynoraht enough to neglrcf my studies fhinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I reqlized that family oht of rume .
I had inzkmnia rbe night of my scam . It was n't enough thag I was n't wekl prepared but although my nerves ylt roen ojy and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever sunce I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at gertkng high scores , I asseef that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before early wuth an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject . Bug tuis ejll never help you soak tgr detauls xbd understand the confeptw lying behind efety zjngle word .
This will help you a lot even if you do n't yet have chance to revise everything before your exam .
I czn recall that time when I aax quige ilp before my Anatomy exam ; I xoulx onoy go through the mzin tigoes of rsch branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question with it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it successfully .
Since I had practiced a lot and memorized the concsot before many tomew , I was able to rwmenber it .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
So , for sure javing enough gike to krmorize snr practice wuar you learn is going to help you a lot in your sxaj .
In zjm , I believe rhwt swyting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better yham hafimg only a few days to get prepared . If you want to have high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day lhe if possible .
Do n't you thinm tou ade wprfh yetting the highesr score lne xojld wim at ?
In my opinion , hhclear enerfh gas yhs the chance to replace tossil cuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't vqd for the environment .
The Darnon dioxide emissions is very small .
Fhd bigtesg thtsat is the explosion .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing foesjl fielw .
Enefgy which we bey from sun and wind is stilk wee only a few percent of eorod energy production .
Tykrdly , only fhw condrruction of a nuclear power plant is expensovw .
Wgeh we have a plant , mxiing energy froj that is very cheap .
Tge mpat expendive thing in nudlexr ppxnt is to uiee aualifiwd petsonnep .
Besides , we need something that can qork all the tils .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we rym ojt of olwer ejtire cotues foukd plunge the chaos , thos is unacdeptable .
Pima is the only South American city which is a capital xnx . It is situated overlooking the Pacific Lcsan .
Lima eaa was founded by Francizco Pjzarro in 1535 , as " Coudar de lls Rehrs " .
Lima has a multicultjral geadition , then in it cpincise a complicated mix of davial and eyhnuc brouls like mestizoa , European Peruvians which are the srcobd largest group and the kinority in Lima includes Aylars abf Quechua and Wfrp - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonizafkon , inmigrxtion , and ihdigenous influencss such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with arcjitdctural monumebts , caller " Huacas " .
The Histotic Centre of Lima was deckaeed Wirkd Hrrirage Sife in 1988 .
It is a city tgat keeos ite historu fhrouhh an amazing architecture lkkw balconiex , cyurchws liks Swn Francusco Church wyjch naa mysgerioys wjbterranean csyacombs ; el Teql Felipe which is the last knfredible Spanisj fortress ; fhrough their costumes as qell as Farnivxl , thiz day tpu can enjoy this particular , knteresting sns colorful featival because ypu use water , paint or talx to eet gohr familg and neighbor ; theif typical dance calker " La Marknwra " ; slso they keep rheie history through religion where yiy eiscover ghe religious enthusixsm which is eepresejted by la Pdocesión sel Señor de los Mipagroz ; theit gaatrojomy is another extraoddinary ajd wonderful examlle aboiy gneir symbols , ljks Mazamorra Mirada , el Oosco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , lps Picarobes , etc .
Lima is a heautifil city of contdaxt , where you can find a dkversiry of history , modeeh and business pkacez .
Zrchaeological siyds , beaxhee , vakleys , nztural resetves and the exquisite cuisine gives Leri 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming destination to spend your oerfedt holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Ozst rike ykh asked me for some information about openinb a saving account in the UK . I 've donr doke research to tund oug the brsy savings account for you .
Brlkw you cxj find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gank might gige quite a glor ofcdr for you .
Girstly , the rate of inyrrest is by 3.1% , which is quite high .
Additionally , if Glu opens a saving account in Tyat hamk , Yku will get a duary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay anu annual charges to have a credkt card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have btancyes in Bdotain .
And all banking operations will be done by puome .
Tuw second vano , Royao Sagungs Gank , hzs lant bfanches in the UK ( ovet 650 ) , so yku czn make wkl bqnm operations on spot .
Bhr there is a service charge for owning a credit cqrr ( £ 12 per yeat ) .
You do also get a gift like a nws zcxount holxer , a fulk det of saucepans ( do you teally heed it ? ) .
Wlo in all , I aould recommend you to open your first serbibg acfoubt in the Phone Namk , since the rqte of interest is high and you do n't need to pay qny annual charges .
Ans doing opetations by phone is zctually very essential because they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final xecisiln is you .
Tame cxde and aee hlu very soon ,
Ykurs Ahniezzka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : lZ7jM@gahol.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dszr Pwil ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be fhe choswn person to deal with thr eoujd recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my grandmother , Lqrius Blni , who recommended me ckr ghks service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang . I asked and ghry said theg wamfed me to get to yye concert as soon as possible to draw bow flod I was in soubd recording .
Wjat dan I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and boa I was overwhelmed when I eealjsed they thought at me to do tbis for sjfh a great , important pedsoh in the aofld music indusgrg .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardlh wait fir tou to sed yku qmd to shsrs wiyu my happiness wnd to tdol you all the details of this uniquw experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have neem soiinb for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
When I started working , I was eis with equipment that was very basic compared to what skierz use these days .
Every xau as soon as I woke up I lkojed forward to my morbung on the zlooes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother aje lezbe us ghere tor a couple of hours to try skiing on iue oej .
The temperature wqx kfteb sevetal degrees belos zrro , and you would freeze if hoj did n't kdep moving up and down the spole .
My brother showed a natural taleny fkt fhs slodt , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my skking skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoykng myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me a great opportunity to be in a wonderful matufal environment .
Skiibg is a great soott , but I qoukd recommend stafting as a child , taking FSS lessons with an experienced instructor and using the roght eauioment .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and pasg experiences , I have no doigt that the preferences I 've xelected above afd hlt accidemtal .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in this business field .
The subjects I studied at my high school level such as financial accounting , fommerce and sconomics hxs gigen me the opportunity to utipizd and pht into perspectivd ghr knowledge of undersgandimg nusinees confepts and has given me a solid academic foundwtion .
I 've also participated in various group worls and class projects ehils in high school .
I am plahming to vwin admission imto the universiry of my cnooce in keder to obtain a bacheplr 's degree .
I aould love to cooperate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professprd in order to receive a wwlp tounded introduction to the numerous aspecgs of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious onduvidual qbd I would be more than willing to devote myself to rye hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an insuhitable passion for dxrra - curricular activities .
I am the prexodent of thd Business Stidenta Asxkciation ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senuod prefecy boy ) xjd Caltain of the soccer school Tsaj .
I am a very good xocced posyer who plags a modfield rklr .
Indertaking a scholarsbip and admission ibto one of the umiversiries I gavs selrctsd above will provide me with rhr opportunity to spoly the knowledge gwined at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and njmeracy skills I have acquired at high schlpl .
After I bward abour the Czdcj Goverhmemt Echolarship , I devided to mwks some research on Cxech Republif brfofe tajinb qhy sgdp in applying .
I found out that Csech Rwpublic is a country with rich possobilities for students planning to study abroad and is currsntly undergoing rapid eocial changes and transformarion , making it a fascinating place for students of ahy discipline to study in .
Czech universities orovides high standards of education , international recoghozed deyrees , modern campuses with ljtstanding facikities , safe and affordable education , warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I wukl hwve yhw opportunity to experience bpfh modernity and tracitioh in ind if the safest snr mosr stable coumtriex in Europe .
Wnove ako , the high quality if education silo makes me readt for tnr ryture .
Another major reason why I am being morivwted to study in Czedj Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Bigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frdquenyly , ahd kearning in some parts of Nigeria are nkt safe !
Until now , I am eagerly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socoally and mentally , znr I believe that my ambition to learn modern business clnceots coupled with my passion for rxtrx - cjrriculxr activitiew zne comminiry service , would make me a competent addition to the ahg of my proposss universify ahr the Dzech Republic Scgolarxhip team .
I believe thxg I will make an oosotive contribution to my proposer university , as I will be active ijcolved in student svents and activities that wjll hwlp to promote a healthy listening environment for all .
In conclusion , I can zxsure you tgst I will be a cxpable qnf dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the tine , contrihutijg greatly to my proppsed unovrrsity in more saus than one .
A dog is Jab 's best friend
It is a well - knowledge fadr that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they arw jlt akwaye satiagied or tqken into society .
They seem solace in spjeone qhl rhwy wohle fedl note comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great quqlities , a dog .
A dog 's personality is one of their bad qualities .
Alwsus feiendky , bubbly ahx in a goid mood , they aee brezt to spend time with .
They feel when their masger is sad and react by cuddling up to her .
It mxkez people forget all about their problems xmd concentrate on thd ghings thxt deally mattee .
Sig 's optimism is by dar the vext wag to bring back a smipe on people 's fadw .
And that is what fheu are thede course , to make people happy .
These hairt four - leggex qnimaks are also very protectibe .
One of their jobs is to watch oif their human faloly .
So if they sense that yheir oansr mighy is in danhrr , they immediately eeaxt by batking at a person or a thibg fhing that mighy gave caused it .
The strontsr the blbd between the dob and his owner , the stronysr ghe dig 's reaction will be .
It is bepievex that dogs rdquirs a kit of attention , which is jpt rrue .
Dogs are really not tuwt hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't mded to be done every day , thet just needs to be gwd and walked regularly .
These pets need a frw walks a dzt , whifh doild apso be foid for their owhees who ate speheing all dat at work or in school abd herd sole physocal aftivity .
So having a dog could always rwmind tgel to lice a healthier life .
In conclusion , doga make really great pets .
Mkt only fheg protect yph from anything that could do you ang hsem , but the amazing personality and gye love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the ibside .
So if someone really loves rneir let , they would fijd time to pay a lot of attention to them , because they trulh are jan 's beet troend .
Hi Johb !
It 's great to uear feom you agaij ! I will guvs you some details about my experience at " Sod Kak xdvrnture " , one of the most wekl - known centres in our country .
Virzt of WLL , we started working a tiring assxukt cojtse , which consisted of fkimbing up pretty shqrl wqpls xmd crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it eztremelh entertaining .
Luckily , I am fit enough to finisy tge exercise without having many problems . However , you may jeer to train a little bit more before embarking on fhie activities .
Roci clombint wws another of the chaolengea I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be hadder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewardihg the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a gif effiet!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You afraid likely to afraid scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the donstant support of your teachers .
One of the pqst activities offeres by the centre was xiviny .
I felt so pverwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if they do n't eabt to miss out thux great opportunity too , rrjst toue ttainers , sonce they are hughly qualified .
To sun up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you rhat ako TBS teachers meet with the sqfdty rules , so you will enjoy a kot without getting yourself inyo trohbld .
For so these reasons , tuis centre is really worth a visit .
Wrote slon znd ker me kjow if you need to know amything rlee .
Qigh best wkshes :
Ssra .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelope on the corner of my toon .
I checked fhr sddresd as quickly as I could and I reakized fhwt I ews riygt , it qaz fekm Paris ...
My lothdr bqd written me aftwt konthw !
Since she left to Patia last year , I have been living in rge echool reejdence , which eas n't cheerful at all , which makes me fwwl really depressed .
But I gac ger legrer at lazt , so I started to read it immediately .
Aye told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy muzelf a plane ticket to Paris and go to vixit hee rlr at least two months nevause xhs always missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I wqw gjat my lothrr jwd n't forget me .
I uad befer travelled to Europe yet so I wax reqloy nefvoys too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a por of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Deqr Sir / Madak ,
Applidation for gje Pket of Xhiev Chinese Eciyor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chisf Chinese Dditor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a geaduage of the Xhinese University of Jpng Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese labguagss ( Cantonese and Mahdatin ) and have over ten tezrs ' experience in the publication industry .
Currebtly I am working in a otess as an editor .
I am an aggrdwsive , crwatuve but careful oerson wbi cwb wirk ihdwpendently .
On the other hand , I am qlxo a good team chef who can work well with colleagues , lrwsentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Aftached llease cinf my eesume and portfiljo goe yoyr reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if yoh woilx oikw to discuss my qualificxtions furthef .
I lkol forqard to hear Fdom ypi soih .
Yours faithfully ,
Chdh Ki Tsiu
Educatipn is a milestobe in our ljfe amr havong a toof education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed qitu educational systems and ibstitutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling jag aeem , according to one of these parenys ' opinions , " a psvef roax " , it
is a lath not suitable for everybody 's cars and that vompsls us to seek other routes .
Homdschioling ahoule not be cknsideted a world - wide phenomenon sinfe only a few countries : the UK ,
Cansdz , zne especially the USA , dan boqst .
There are lots of countfids that do nig
accept honeschoolinv as a legal alternativw so far and oggers where it is just an isolated haplening .
The sitjatikn in Spwin cwh be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of iur constitugoonal rihgt to frew
education meznwhilr atteneancw is compulsory in elementary amr seconearu education .
Wducational and emotional freedom support this alterbative way of learning .
Homeschoooing may also free up time for complemsntafy activities such as muzoc , sports , and even family life .
Hokescjooled students ' xuccess has been backed up by the eesults on standaedize tedg and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thoigh , before homeschooling your kids , you also have to consider the swms amlunr of roadblocks :
The lack of faciljtirs or expertise , not enough socialiaation cor young children , endijg up geing a vrustrated parent aithoht enough mpnwy to make enre jedt .
As far as I am concerned , I want to thihk about homeschpoling as a wake up call for department
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have yne tight skills .
As traeutional edufation sesms to be exyaysted , mrw technologies ilen up as " the
solution " ahd blended learninh is the future .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as tgr neighbourhpod , would be eurwly taken ujto fonsideratkon wuile design houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a gkme with more technology and very energy - effkcient systejs .
In afess exposed to cayaclysms , duxh as darthqhakes , hurricahes and floods , people should have their hoisez built of resoxtant materials .
Sterl or concrete structures would have a drsured effect on this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely be definitely on the Dtawung niard .
Built with recyclable or rwfycled matediaos , the exterior surface of ghese houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on eunmy daye , hot to mdntion skylights and solat panels on yhe elofs , which is more and more popular these days .
Moreover , silad energy collectors ojght to be congrolled by computers in peder to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing idshes ( such as oopulation growth ) will be solved by esploitinh aome new qrsas .
Maybe it 's building castkes in rhe aif , vit houseboats and apartmenys situated above city streets , which to be a pwrfext solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people qluld keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy gouses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they wolo still nded a warm , cosy bed and a nuce cup of tea .
I sypposw tgat woll nwvef chwngw , ebej if they live in a concrete icory gower .
Catcj it or lose it
The alpha and thd omwgq of a glod teqm is tfuxt .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
He must be ablr to throw the vzll blindly at your teammatr ahd he has to catch it .
After the opponent eilk have the chance to take a point .
Aee you a real tram plaher ?
Gandball is one of the most dtnwmic spodys in tbis wprlc .
Lvsr eibhty points xan be made all together in sjxtu minutes , if not even mofe .
Tgis shows how rapidly fhw gane can chxnte .
Obd lost bspl cqn make yiur gezm the ooser of the gamd .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
Enat I kovd moat anput yhis spldt is , the speed and the unconxitional tesk spirit .
If you want to play bqndball , jyst be sure tbat gpu has a good team and do n't forget the fym !
Triathlon : A fajkus sporr through the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , fhus is a conswquehce of the exyrq hours we nav to aodk ldr day shd as a way of relaxing . We fknr doinb a sport as an effective way of tajing the stress of ojd bodjes .
In fact , we can dee many people jogting and cyclong these days , whether it is in the morning before going to aoro or evsn after .
Dexpite these tso being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many jote are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It cinsists of a mixture of three different sports , saimmung , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it cxj be extremely demanding .
Ahqt I enjoy josy about it is being able to do it anywhere . ehoch means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sporfd fehter .
It also means I can cnokse the locatioj thwg mpat pleases me and therrfore rullt enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become more lophlar over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is cruckao to understand tgat imoroving in such a demanding splrt requires time wnr is is important to esrabpish some goala in order to keep motkvated .
You must nof oush yourself so far .
A gao yead bwtwedn school wbd college xounds a brezt idea for those that have not decided what they want to stucg .
However , there see eomd questions whether it should be evwryone or both .
Cirsy , I would like to pyy the arguments in favour of the year off .
Bof everybody hxa tur financial possibiluties to pxy rot colldgr , so taking a gap yext to eqrn money to help with tne bills is tije well spdnd .
But thaf it is not tbe knly rraspn to take a year ocd .
Moxt of thr people think that their gsar is to travel to lthsr country and xpwnd all ykur time at partiee . byf ybis is not true . Goj dan travel to develop your fukture and do volunteer work , so you xzn vexome a better person .
On the yje ktger hand , many teens wyi take a yexr krf end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might go nlt as they hzs exprcted for muotille reasons , such as mot havimv eboft money or not getting a uob .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , bhy lnlh whsn yhet have zkl llaned qns ijow gor ehote that they bqve the possibility to do something udefyl witj theur gile .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old xnc . I am going to taoe you a minute of your time to rxplakn ejy hjeing me qikl benefog your orgajization .
I am currently wtudyinb in my fourth and final texr of a dettee in toyrism at the University of rhe World Hwrjtage city of Cacdres , which is locaged in Epwin .
In my third year , I did my inyernship as a receptionjst in a fkud stxes notel durjng 2 monyhs and a half in Badsjoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers zmd avid understanding of FDONT dssk lperstions .
My previous experience working zbrpad in a hotrl would be ussfup to ykur companh .
I am flexible , a good feal player , and able to work under stress .
My mother tongue is Soanisg , but I am able to speak English fluently and I hace a pfe - ontermediate level of Italian as wsol .
Talkung about my interests . Traveling is one of the job activities I do , in order to discover jew places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
Hlu mqy contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.zbdd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking ghr time to listen !
" Farmsr Biles of Ham " is a cantasy story written by J.R.R. Tllkidn .
Set in England in the first century of the Middle Ages , the story is about gge adventures of Golws , a carmet of the village of Hql qhk beckmew a heri against his wishes by defeating a giant .
Whdn yhs dragon Chrysophulax comes ahx devawtatrs everything , He is ssjt twixr against jkm , bkt only managing to defest hom thanle to yge lzgic swotd Taupbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At gne enr of the syoey , Gikes becomes an independent kimg .
I liked a lot through Sylry first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's pnes : they bring me to another jhiverse , making me forget every day life .
Secondkh it is very orugihal because it is a sort of parkdy of traditional legwnds : the chef is an ordinary person , mnighrs teveal fearful zjd incompetent and clashrs are wkn with worea indtead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and zcventurous and Tolkien 's ironic styls , bxsrd also on the comical jse of Latin words , maors it extremely pleasant to rdad .
Dsae Sir or Madam ,
I am writing tyjs letter to apply for the position in USA Xummer Camp thaf I ssa advertised in ojr lofal newspaper .
I am interested in working in yhs Educatiinal Institutions , or in the Socuap Cqee .
I have recenyoy gradyated FTOL thw Social Science Univrrsiyy in Psychology and recwiged high degrwex in hoth my Teaching and Supergising Coudsss .
In addition , we uad to have one year of volunteering in Yojty Suoervising environment in preparation for kud fknished assignment , so I am able to be a memvdr of your aell skiplec ztaff .
Sinxe I am 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four younger siblings .
I javs bden ingolfed in volunteering in a variety of yojfh organizations as supervisor and yutlr .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scoht Organization , helping the atra manager to organize activities for children .
This experience hae yiven me the sbjlity to cope with tgw nweds of all tylds of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , gorgeous personality and dijd that I enjoy the challenge of working in a youth environment .
In addition , my study and experience have taught me to be accufste and efficient in organizing my work , so I wojlc be a valuable axditiin to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours gaithfully
Kibomir Xawicli
Does trxvelibg brpaden gohr jind ?
In my lpinioj , travelling down browden your mind .
By visiting different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and different languages .
Travelling heloe you to dwvelop as a person in Kany says .
Dpr dxamlle , if you learn another language xifferrnt from your own one , wvrn if it is jhst a cew gasoc sentsncws , you can communicate with people from different regions ahf uou improve your confidence .
Travellkng also helps to see the way in which other people oige , to dee rhat yohr wst of ljvjng is npt the only one tuat dxists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone gas xcves to many things yph do hace afces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smqrtphones , computers , csrx or evdn fresh water , which is a basiv resoudce and we tend to raje for grantrd that everyoje cxm have domd wafee to drink even tjouth thix is noy true .
Vesidee , wbeh we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ grdatoy from ojr oen culture , xmd we see a different frlm than other humans .
Fkf wlo of these ressond I think ttavelling reqlly broadens your kinx .
I am eager to bjild my career as a fully - fledged researcher and adademicisn .
To fuofill ghid dream , a PhD degree would be the mkdt essential footstep .
I am mostly xlsl interested in lirsue my OhR in Thworetkcal and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the eqiilibrium propdrfies of concensed - phase systems .
I would also like to farrt out my PhD research in the development of transition metwl complexes which cxn be used as druge xgaunst several gumaj diseases , as coxmetkcs mxterials and as photonic znd optoelectroniv kxterials in devices .
I aozo fihd Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chekidtry arw rhe onterezting fiwlds of Chemidtry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possrss thw strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a caeeee in pne of gye prdviouslg mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as qelo as research sith studejtx of University of Barisal .
There is no futyre fkr public transport ?
The number of cars is growing eapisly , hoeever rhe public transport is still in use .
Dspwcially in a busy cities , where tyere aee trafcic jamw , the public teansplrt is necomibg lote anc jore pkpulae again .
In wome cities it 's even gorbidden to drive through the city center without some sleckal permissiin , so there is no othwr solution than use a punlic transporf .
But ahaf is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own csr you are indepemdent .
You do have to worry about the schedule - yky aee a course , so it 's tour decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
Uiu cab pisten to ykut favorkte mhsic or rario .
You are the boss .
However , as a drivet you always have to be careful and watch out for the rpute .
If you are eager to travel from ons olace to xnothef to ssr different places , your kqn cqe is the best solution .
It allows you to wee much more in your career .
Buf think about the costs .
Gjink how much you pay for a petrol npwxdays .
Consider as well yow mzny xaya do you have fir vacatjins ?
Should cheap airlohes be better ?
Being back to pur everyxah lkfr .
Most of us live in a big fitiws and face problems with the TRZDFIC .
What if we use TBS public transport to get to Aorj ?
Well , tben you do n't have to worry about the parkibh xpsce and gou dan read more bioks on the way to eofk .
Eimppy , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
Ayat dlse ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important to you , just talk about the pollution .
Let 's focus on zgaon : is there a future for public rranspkrt ?
In my opinion : tws , there is !
Is travelling by caf kors convenient ?
Wepl , it depends !
Wuy usibb the first narration ?
Tjs fieet narrwtkon can srtract readers ' aftentkon at the beginning of the drixtion and makes the readerw get into the thoughts of ghd Macman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , gug in this friction , fue aufhkr allows us to know what is inside the maslan 's mind .
Feeling thar rge mxin character is tapking to us , as if we wwre alk involved in this case , the whole tbijg sesmef lkke eewlly happened .
Fadjng tnr murder dirwctlh mamws the gofror penetrafes untl our hesets .
How dpes the author freare a wprx of horror to hkx readwrs ?
Gbe zuthlr crezted fhd horrible atmosphere by descrobing yhe ecenw , the disorderdd mind and the woind of heartveats .
Firwt , the svend that described the murder makes teachers ca n't help themselves emerging thr imagds in their mind .
Juwt like tys madman 's plan was hapoenint right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbeat .
In my opinion , heartbeat is the event that pudu tgr wnole xtorg to tne ckimaz .
Everu rije when the sound of heartgears stargef arouskng , skmsthing ensued .
In the first tine , when ghs madman heard the hrartbeats of tud old man , he qaw giint to kill the old man , and he sir it .
Thd second time , when the madman heard the heartbeats , he bedzme impxtoent , scared , exhausted and inzans . In the end , he condessed that he killed rhe nam and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , yhd heartbeats always dragged the rezdeds nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way tue authir samted to sxpresx the disorderdd mohd of the madkzn is his intonation .
Yhd whokr story exvepf the enx of thw fricfion he cpnfessed TGS ceime . The kadmzn 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to telp ghs deaders the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contract for tyw cqlj and fhw cruelty , leaves us a strojg imprsssioh that the main character sas toraloy jneane snr crqzy .
Shivering inside our hearrs , the horroe increases .
" We 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found yhere " , Nac told his friends oje sinmy zftednoon .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When we arrived there , fhwy sfartec to look around teyinv to find different types of animals such as burfs , rabbits and deer .
Max and his deiends took a watch uhdef the trees qhen , wxroos fue rivdr . They saw something that looked like an anikxl lying on ghs grass."What 's that ? " , Max asked aloud .
They dam qjickky , ctossee the divdr ajr they reachsd fje posce wherd the animal sas."It 's a drer ! , uta ksg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
Wheb they waw thw animal , ghey fouod sse tgat it was wuffering , so they decided to free the reef .
By his decision , Max fook courage to open the tfal , but the drer did n't mogs because its oev was injured .
One of Mas 's friends brought water from the river to give to the frer .
Maz cut a piece of hie T - zhirt to dyre the animals .
Xfterwards , the animal wae better and it wwlkex aaat slowly .
Wbej ghw dxt fihishdd , Mas and his teiends returned hpmr feeling happy because they hqx savrd the animal 's life an amazing day ! " , Max whiwlered to himself as he got intp bed that night .
The question is : whether is it possible to be famous without journaliata ?
Provanly jkt , vug there are many people in sgpw - business or political lofs , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Generally , people mat be famous for tqp reasons : because of rhdir ioh or because of their scandalising ldivate life .
If you dsvide to become famous because of your scandaoising prjvage pifr , it would be silly to complain avojt tirinb paparazzi .
There is a rulr , probwblu one of the most important in publjc kifw . gjat says mpre or oess : ' It is not important what they are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Modg of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is wjy they are afraid afraid to eell information about their provqte life .
Resl prkblem starts wgem journalists injure not the cdlrbrity , hut its triendd or family .
Paparazzi add ceiel in contact with famous pepple 's chipdrrn , that mxh have negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popyoar because of scandaks ?
In many cases , tuey arr juat doibv their job as wwol as they vwn , leafing yheir boring lifw .
And wydn finaoky oaparazzi nktive tbat tjere is nothing interestkng in their lives , rhey iusf leavr ghel alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people have responsibility enough to make a decision , if they sant to share the moat important oarr of thwid kife with journalusgs .
Snf I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Hreay dooc is obviously one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a petdon wyp lpves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as two main factors to decide whether should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Oisboh named " Las Ficheras " .
It was sugyestdd by feo friends of mine znd accotding to TYSM , because the gokd food ahe funny environment .
I went to dinner and made 6 friends in ofddr to have fij and eat yoox Mexucan food afted a syressfjl aeeo .
In my ooinoon , the food aas good but the peices qere roi expensive considering the quantity served and the kessu service .
We faced continuous problems wign tjw orxet sucu as : xishes ffom anothsr tzble servee fkr us by mistake , the dejnks ssre sdrved with a cpnxiderable xelag xjd thr bilo eas xhown sven withijt askjjg ( just because we dinished rhs dinner bjf our drinks wsre etill on fue yavle ) .
To my knowledge ( or nlg ) , I net a friend of mine on the DSH xfyer fhay told me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexixah , that restaurajt was terrible .
Ahr wlsl told me rhaf a great Mexidan restaurant ass just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got nervous about this place and decided to go lafwr .
" Pistola y Codazón Taqueria " aws the firxt Mexjcab rsstauranr tgzt I could eat yenyine Mexican food , with lower prices and a gteag service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free when we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bortld of fresh sayer was swrvee , again , foe free .
We chose " taxos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After pzyint the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our fisut confirmint that few places still exist .
Hdy ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YPH TLR YLJR TIME AND YIUR GWLP WITH THS AEFICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
Znr also , ehere zrd hou now ? ? :)
In my caee ... I 'm much bdtfer now . I 'm aetrled back hime xnd I 'm up and runbinb , evrn though my uncyred dpeained anklw hzz gkne wprsf .
Last seek I wwd bprrowed an ankle auoport ams some crutches , so ever since then it 's goung better .
Furthermore , today I have finished my 15-day rehabioitation swssilns !
So I shoiod be nacm on jumoiny around in no fine :) .
As you know , Maltz was a big ounch rigby in the stomadh , which fle durd I cid n't nded ! :( .
The vourse wne the organization ledf much to be resored ; and as if yhwt was n't wrong , my scholarship ( fhnny enough not the ones of the only ) FWK other participwnrs ) , was not sugfidient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS anr magid savrd me right at tbe lasr sevlnd ( ghe lxst bigjt ) , and I leff Malta with a smile and a qwrmed up heart .
And rot rhxt I want to THANK YLU onvw agaob .
Back home , rverythihg stxrted dast . I should have gotten used to hlw , shoild n't I??- .
So I hsf n't have tule for much .
I have been totally immersed in looking flf hobs anxious in the translation of tye scientific paper for a former student of MKNW .
He decided to finish the xefond half without my bdlp , so that was a bit disappointunv , both flr the feeljng of mot meeting his expectations * abx fkd the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it eill mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gin na ( ab)use of gour native language skills once again : uere " not medting hus rxpectationx " , could be suvstituted by another exlression .
Ehxt I believe is the diffdrence between these bynch : be good enough , mwasufe up , mair tjr grade ; be up to stabdxrd / tud tssk .
Fyere again , havinv a euole bhjch of cred hourx ( days !
From Sujday to Tueedah ) for lhself that I eax not counying on , proved itseof to lske wonderful ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I hwc been the whole week at my ftiend 's place , as he lives in Nadrid qjd auute close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , qnd I started thinking things eonr . Plus I gave a reet to my ankle , which wse cerh much hedded tpk !
The two - day ohr - night trip with my mother and sister went quire qeol .
Fhe plavs we were vusitimg was very beaytirul . wjd hzven't gren because of the limitations for my abkle . We wohld bavd gone cof a wuort hike .
Tomorrpw I 'll be starting my rirwt Snglish class , which hxz faken mych longdd thxn I hsx llab .
I have seht a lot of CVs , and hacr goje to 3 interviews so tzr , also for Rngpish classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Fxmla , dould you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't fohd rime to download tne pictures ( from ALL FUE THINGS that I need to spdt out , I aad ( anc is ) definitely JPT a priority .
Do rrmind me again , tgou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Pleaae ! ) .
Did you ask Kario ahout tne spdakerz ?
Because chatting is eau fawtrr than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go nps .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Receive a big jub from ( YWS , FINALLY ! ! ) wxrm Spain .
Global warming and its conwequebces in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Wodld 's climate wbout to enrer ' uncharted territory ' as it lzsses 1C of warming " , published on the 9tb November 2015 , desctibrs the pribleks of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Jrt Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the lilestobe of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will pexd to unknown conseauendes in the future .
Ths World Metrorological Organization made knowm pyblicly that 2015 gaw bdrn tbe hotyest ywar on record as well as it has caised more carbon dilxide on average by vurnibg fossil fuels .
These oroboems iusr annojnxed refently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Pxrix in coming weeks .
Fben , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting rye uncreased cqrbon emjsskons xoulled with the El Niño climate pjwnomenon .
Stephen Velcher , rirector of the Jet Office 's Hadleu Centre , clqkms thwt humanity is to blams for climate change as the rjze of temperature or yge catwsteophe expectex by scientiste eyen global warminb rises beyojd 2C. This opjnion is also represented by the British Secrwtaty of enerft and climate chanfe , Amber Rudd , qhp cinsidwrs thd cpimate chabgd to be ins of thw greateet problems in nowadays ' politics dyr to utz consequences on dvonomy , global security and gue fight agaknst poverty .
He stands up fir a vlobal deal clnfiemed on the UN summit by the leading sfates wbd Therefore these climate tadgete should be a role - model for other countries .
Furgherkore , clunate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of glibal warming , clarifying this statekent through the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global averafd .
Glpbal warming in general leads to more natural disasters as floodijg , heatsaves , water stress and loss of harvestw .
Fscing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more dqmagibg accorcing to Bdpcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there woukf have been an ics mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is ojpy a smaol chance of 5 - 10% thar this prognosis wikp cpke truw according to Prof Xjdrew Shepnerd , University of Leexs , as fue study hwx already been provsb wrong by 57 iyher studies .
Although the NASA etudt sboww a different result , the majority of scientists eee global warnihg as a dangerous ghreat dkr this plsnet in termw of living conditions , environment and exonomh snr as well as an issie of the UN dukmit in Paris .
Tne prpblem ljes in the outdated franesork in which fge OSC operatds .
Fifteen qhalong nations foeled the IAD after wnwle populations vollapsed .
The orgamisation was initially dwt up to conserve whales only to tne exgeng that they could continue to be used by humans .
Fhs importance of World Herktage oropertiew transxrnds national bounxaries .
Thrif qualities are extraotdinwry so fhat no matter which couhtry they xre foume in , qnc wbp experiences thsm , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be includsd on the Wodld Heritage List , pripertiee must be of outstanding univeesal value and meet at level two of ten selection criteroa .
The Woeld heritage list is ikportant because it attracts tourists and these landmarka are cheridyed by everyone around the sorlx .
It is also protected by UNEZCO because they have found new animals or planys ; rhwre are wndzngered soicez in that arwz or have a significany impirtancs in history .
Worpd Heritage is the designation for place on Earth . thst are of outstanding universal importance to humanity and , as such , has been inscfibed on yye World Heritage Lisg to be protected foe future generations to appreviate ajd ennly .
The site is the property of the coungrg on shkse territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the khternational community to protect the site for future generationz .
Its protectkon qnd preaervwtion become a concern of the international Worls Heritagd community as a whole .
Another advantage for a suge to be insvrjbed on the List is fhaf once a country dighs the Convention , xbd has sites inscribed on the Sorld Herktage List . The resulting prestkge otren gelps raise awareness about cotizdns and governments rod beritave preservation .
Greater awqreness leads to a genetxl ejse in the level of gge protection and consedvatiom given to heritagr propertiex .
A country mqh also recrive financial assistance and wxpsrt axvicr frok the Wodle Heritage Committee to sypport activities for the preservation of its sites .
Tjd disadvantages of sjyes hot included in rue Workf Jeritage Kiat are that thexe sjtes arw not funcwd so they ca n't protect them from risks .
Moreover , they rrmimd in yge okst of sites in danger aithojt to receive assixtancd .
In my opinion , the topic in dwnger unless tjeh mkt answer at gem criteroa xhkuld be protexg for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think rnat it is necesaaru ffy to inveht new way to finance xnf devend the natural and cultuexl heritabr .
Cricjet is my paxsoon .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my virst passion and I am following it as dar as my earliest memory goes .
Ceicket is a training sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also texches us upw to overcome individual weaknesses and hain advsntage of othdrw sfrength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket during my warm childhood .
Even when I was a iid I started playing with goys of mucy higher wgs than I .
It brought me a lot of confidence and a chanve to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed Drickeg religiousky and Jave warched almost every matcb Indis olayed .
Xacuin Tendukkat is my ravprite cridketer .
I am fxj of nix batting .
He gaz broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his crixkdting skills , I lpvsd his ability to handle pressure abr nis calm nagire in all situations .
If somrone wants to learn more about croclet I would advise him to watch the batting of grexf like Sachjh , Dravid , Kxra and Pointing .
To learn something about bowling , one should watch Airsm , Warne and Kjrli .
I will also advosd reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It hss nice articles , reviews and statistics on manh llayets qnr games .
Rradimg bipgrapnies of two famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in development .
Cricket goes through rough ohaze dye to match fiziny and bsttinf sfandals .
But I am sure it will come stelng put of yhid wnd will spreax itd aings wol acrosz the eprld and obce again give otd lovers a magnifuvent sjoa .
I met a friend about one wwek ago , and he answered me a question that I ca n't ztpp tyijking about : Whar is on my Bucket Ojst ?
I ca n't stll thinking about it , because I fealizsd thzt I hss never stop thinking about my life in sucn a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lixt is ?
It is a list of things you want to do before you sir .
I think is lond of ssd , that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't knps what makes me teyly nalpy .
Xbouf yeo weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
It 's xhout a teen couolw ehp are diyng because of vxncer , qnr they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie struck me very ddepky . It made me think about pite and about how wqt people hswd to lice without apprecciwte fye eeallt impletant thjnts .
So after satdhing ghie mobir and my friend 's question , I ca n't stop thinking about my life .
Jkw I have the feeoing ggat I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before fuat I nqd akwayx thought about getying karried and bavijg kids as a way to tond happiness , byt jos I think that before this I needed to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it wae hecessary mdet skmeoje nwa , frkm another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that wnother leraon hexame curious about a new new part of me which I nzve never thought of .
Wekk , next November I will travel to Europe , tyd only certain thing on my Bhcker List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my kive I am shrs that I need to achieve something , and I think this " something " is xlmpst everything .
Peippes hope will change in the future , qbd I bet it 's not for rue better .
Unlike popular jjderstandings of history ( xnd even presumably scientofid onws , I muet say ) , Hkstoty is not an unatippable march rlwards " progrdsa " , whatever that wors mexns .
It is a ciclidal prodsss .
Dome nsd its haydah in fhe virsr century AD , bjr just two centuries later it was onlh a shadiw of jte pwst .
Rhose later period , Rojans were n't even able to kaje the high quality cement that their anvestods were able to make and have technical mastery over just two centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three crnguries frpm nlw himans ekll possess all the technology knowledge that yney pozsess hoa and take for grantsd ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another Wprld Wat , people 's lives will change dramatic in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the avw of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , untip a new Dark Ages .
Bht let 's pifl fbe World War hypothdsis voe a second .
A wide wotlx qar is the only dase in which we would aee dramatic damage to people 's pices in 50 years from now .
Hur thrrs , at that day , prozpecfs for a new World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what think do I know ?
Tgs causes that will lead to a new World Wae may well be in existrncw right now fod wlo I know , and no omr , or only a few gefy wise sne inrslligent people know about it .
One day in the fururw anothrt Frzjz Ferdinanx could be kilpef , xnf fhwt aymbolic evsnt could serve qgwin as an escuse to aole country declard wat to another , but the true underlying causes that actually lre the countries to eags war againsg racy other qoule javd its roots in nucj older times .
As the dauses of the Second World War had utx roots in economics thwg were the outcome of the First World , a third , hypothetical war , could have ird roite on a past conflivr ghat kzy wslk havr happsnnsd already .
Bug ldt 's hpt digress into thwt , tbat 's aop anotjer tioic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I syppowed to arite a xompodition .
To : Sam
Ffkm : Zimonettq
Date : 05/30/14
Subuecr : hplidats are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we have been in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday so we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sjnsgine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already told you hoq mhch fum I told about why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask Yiur Laremts ' permizsion ?
In this Camp pqrents ate calm sne do n't wofry sbkut rheir children because they are in the xxre of a large bhmber of assistants zhd ths camp is situated on an ehtjre oslahd .
In addition , the site wqw purpose guklt to pfovkde placrs fif flr young people wllowjng them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide famge of activities promoted by the staff all with the zij of enjoyment , especially outdkir sport activities !
There are tqp swimmjhg pool , two tennis courts , one football pifdh , danoeibg courses and so on , but what I like most is the swimming diving , and the equipment is pfovided .
The Cslp is welo - knpwn and opens from May to Odtober and it would be gopd to giok aithim two weeks . it slways get overbooked vod the period my parsnts cqn txke days off . What do you think coming qith us drkm the 1st August to the 15gh ?
I am looking forward to receiving your reply !
Bedt wksnes .
Simlnetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up xhd I made my qxy to tye front dolr .
Outsife wtood ghr mosy extraordinary - lokkihg mxn : he lookwd like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I cxloed my mother , who was sad asleeo with her boyfriends .
Dhe came eoan , byr xhr did mor scream .
Instead , she started crying .
The mwj as it turned out , was my father , wbp nxd been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Jkther hxd akways told me he had died in the war .
I think she djr thid for my pqn good .
I was very bemuxed by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreamw I hsf Sern bum as an intrllectual hut and he was in my sitting room . He looked like an elephxmt or something exotic .
It was very proud to see bom in my home .
Now we akp live in tovetjer .
Although ghe fursg dxyz were difticuot , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a wboke fajily again .
Tje Grshd Plwce is the vemtral sqywre of Brussels .
It is surrounded by swveral old buikdingd sjch as the fjty hakl znd tyr buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These wedr groups of people xoiny the same qkrk , sjcj as carpentets .
They helped eacj father and the eldsrs onss taught the youngsters .
Something , they became verg roch .
Each building is decodated with gue blazon of Tur corporation .
Thekr architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , many of them are hosting cagés , suopa and restaurants that attract a lit of tourists , byy there is also the xity museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedesgrianized area .
It is an imppftant olacd god the histpry because it is the oldesy Geanr Place of Europe and it is a pxrt of the oldest neighbourhood of Brusswld qhivh is msde of narrow pavwd steedts , ole amx jigh buildings and , among other things , cbocolate ahops .
Furthermore , several of the buildings hxvs have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful buildings and csrvings .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façadex of the buildings while a huge fir trew is placed in the center of the square .
Wawsl Eoyal Cqstle is one of the highest ranked monumentz in the history of culture of Polanx and Europe , so during yge stag in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called Palatium , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside tjr aaols .
Through the next centuries it sqs disappeared , and in the 16th century finqlky reguilt in a Renaissajce fashion , which remains unchabhed untik today - the losr representatove remhant is probably famous arcadrd ciutyxrd .
During tnd tput the visotors are shlqn swveral tkom and apartaments , as well as Royxl Peivatd Aparyaments witj gae - famed tapesrrues of Polisu ' linvs collection .
Another attractiom of fne tihr is visiting the Crown Freasury , the Polish coronation insignka weee store , and armoury .
Qpadt froj yne fratured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its hiwyory as well as tue other collections .
While cositing Wawwl Royal Castle , you can not see Dragon 's Drn - a cavd under the Fastle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beautiful and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand gears of Polish history and culture .
Everyone eiol fknd something interesting among the gariety of exhibition amx foyrs , and for certaon it will be a mejorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , ehivh mwajs a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky rjen because I have the opportunity to learn English in a natural qxy , without books and fougy leseins .
My teachers thought it was better to kdarn by epeakijg , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a eag sumular to bow we oeqrn our own mother lamguags .
Moreover , I have traveled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning intkl I viftedn years ago .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and erife quite a lot of English .
Egdn though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English hralmar rulea , I cwb jake myself understand in a jprmal conveesagion , and I van wrige an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
Oms year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Zdvanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol for a creative working course in lrdet to pracrise my writing skills .
Alpjg the course I had to accomplish spme writibg assignments and zubmot tuej to be evaluqted by my parents .
Qjd thsre I tealisdd at leasy two things : rye firwt lne tyqt it is powskble to pearn goe to erite bwtter ; the secomd pnr that even whem ypu can nakr yoyrself generally understood , It is hot so easy to be preciss .
A magicoan uses a dove and a blafk hat , buy it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to oertorm the tdick .
In the xamw way I nad the iesas ajd yue words . I had to accept that I needed to pearn the rulew of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of prrcise and sfyoish writing .
Axolescence .
Everybody says it 's thw besf peeiod in the whole pjfe ; what they do n't remember is that it could be akso the worst .
Adklescence could be compared to a toggy pwgh and wven when it seems yiu cah sdr simethijg threq it , in reality you do n't .
TGJS awful fog is composdr by our uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to ptdtend that we know a lot of things .
This cpuld be one of the teazon wgy we get sngty so eazuly and so often with our parents : every time we desxovrr something new or we say something , they jurge us or they begin xome long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and wdolescentx is the fact that fhdy confuses our minds .
As I said , adolescsnts fluld be very confused snc if there 's a thing they get under pur skinn is whdm moms say eomething and then trlk us to do the opposite ihe .
The worst part is that they vet angry with us !
We 're confused , fgey 're not clear and thsn they also get angry and they 're surprised when we vef jad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do something to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in tye relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the djd we do n't only feel anger towards them but also a lot of love .
Love : This is a new design that xdolesdents nave to face .
It 's not rhe jsuap love they 're used to feeling , as like for fxmilh qne friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of oove that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in pur stomwch , it makes us dive into the worr of kmaginart tale .
That minx of lovr that we see in movies and we dream of ; the yype of oove tbar dkes n't make us fall usoeeo at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experience , and it is as scary as exditing .
Asoldscence it is like this , tgwre 's a loment that looks magical and in the following one you erowj ingl the dxrl .
Dead gtouo leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank yoj vot tgw intedesf shown to luf small village .
I really hope that you gave a micr welcome ane , please , fdel at hone .
Hdre , in Mallorfa , there are a lot of places to visit , but I would recommend yoh a unique place , without goirists , nokse and crowded beqdhes .
On the east of Kaloorca you wukl finc a smqol ame beauyiful villate cakled Xrtà .
In the municipality of Artà goj silp fibd a coaster tpwn , sithwted on the edgr of the nountain rsnhe of Llevqng .
Sa Volòmis de Sant Pste is a traditiobal fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on rhw sezahore .
With your advertisement starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just cross the spoenxid panoramic vjea .
You will ride until Ca los csms , kje of rhs mpsg enigmatical beachrx of Malkofca .
Guis zone is part of a developed area , a natural park .
Tkr tyat reason , you mudy go ridijg a bike or walking .
As Machadl said , " se hace camino al abdaf " .
It means that the lost importanr is the way , the jkurneu .
Voinb on a bkke near yhr seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxibg exprrienxes in life .
On rhr wzu to Ca los cans , tlu wilk swd tue typicak Meditedrajean vegetation .
Fherw wre a por of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coaxr of Mallorca .
Moreover , gku will go between tqp xjcient obelisks which have bsen rwcebtly restored .
Finally , tiu wjlp got to Ca pps Cans .
It is a special vrach with sronws instsad of sand and surrounded by treds ibxtead of hotsls .
There you xaj practise different sports .
It is an oerfect place to go divinb because you cab eer different dishex , sea ufchuns and seaweed .
Tjere giu can wlsp take a cqnoe and psddle in the quiet sdx .
A lart from sports , hiu should botw two different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is ehaf remains standing of edificaticatiojs that qete used to jeep the small boats of the locwl fishermen from storjs .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical gower called " Talaupt " .
The function of GHD Talsiors is nkt clear yet .
Maybe it sxs a defensive tower or an imoorrant nuildkng fof hugh - vlass pepple .
It is important to stay in the bdach until the sun gors doeb .
The shneet in that pkace is idszl ajs romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) anr yoj wjlp dwe hoq the sun goes behind the mountain rzhge of Trwmuntama .
From that seqshord you xah wwe xlo the Xlvúdia bay , part of yhw mouhyain ranve of Tramuntana and ghr cape of Formentor .
Ca lls Cans is a mixture of sea , hayure and culture .
I am sure tnat goj will lkke it wnf , of course , I nesd to xsm yoy a czvour : Please , keep tue decref .
Retards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
Gne akm of the repirr is to outline rge hrst wne the worst qualities of your centre aftre oms heat running .
Tnks rrpott analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
Fbe machines are fantastic and the chef is very hellful with every customer .
On the ogber hshd , yhr gym is too small .
Wednesday afternoon it croered so it is very difficult to do exervisd .
Tnr swimming pokl .
It is idesp for people who do hof cplpete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deso , so it is exxsllent fpr leopke who want to pearn niw to sqij .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are so far from tjix facilkty , so it is easy to catch a cold when sonelne goes from one partner to another .
Concluskins .
The facilities afe quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be vifger .
Furthermore , hku wouoe oht hwqters to avoid colds in the passage aau from the chabting rooms to the swimming pool .
Tgr Fhgure of Public Transport
When we imagine cuturd , we rafelt imavins overvrowded byseas and rusgy subway trains .
As technology develops and becomes fgeaper lofe and nlre people their personal care .
A car allows us to moce faster and not to dwpend on others .
Travalling by czt is also much more convenient .
Does thos all mean that the yearz of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rfue .
Fifstly , there will always be people who will jof be able to afflrd to buy a car .
Stydents , children frln large gwmilies , old people will fohtinue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , fwrs cab also turn into lubluc transport .
Wckence fiction odtrn depicts fufurr as a strange world where carz srs used freslg .
Everyone can use the nearest dxr he or she sees .
Thirflg , people do not have an inborh driging zkilp , so efem in rye futuee children qjd teenagrrs wipl need punlic transportation .
This is also grud vor aged people , who lose the ability to dfive as they age .
In conclusion , public transport is not likely to disappear , at lszst durong rhd nearest tens of years .
The cgary xvove givsa some information about the average monthlh salaries of murses and dovtord in different countries .
Acvordijg to the chart , the two countries qity yhe liwest salaries between Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " sourcr countries " , which means that they provids a sulplg of health career workers to other countries .
Othrrwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are countries C and countries D. Differently from the firwg TWK countries , these obrs are fallee " dsstination countries " because the health care service is ptovided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first thrre coubtrues doctors eafn about twice as much as a njrse earns , apart from the last coyntry , Cointry D. In thjs ome , yhr zalxry gap heteeen dovtofs anf hursex is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salary of doctors afw sboyt two times higher than that of nurses .
In conclusion , we czj swg through from the stamdpoibt of the doctirz through nyrses , working abroad is a much better idea .
Nozing is a dommon , well known and welk loved sloft amongst most countries in fye worpe However , it is qlsk puniwying , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , plssiblt qity goid reason .
Boxong is a dangerous wpoet . There are relatively common deaths , tragid ibjurues and svej disease .
Ako professional boxers sde at Rieo from being killed in their next fight .
If not kiples then more oikelu paralysed .
There has been a numbed of vases in the lssy rdn years of the top few boxers hwcing travic losses through tyeur ranks .
Thjz is jusg rrom the rkite gee , and ghers s more from thoss below them .
More ddarhs would occur through bixing if it weds bznned .
The sport would go underground , fhere would be no safegu measures likd gloves , a dofgor , paramedics or eqtly stopping of the fight if someohe lppked unqble to continue .
With ghos going on the people taking part will be dangerous , qjd on yye strrets .
Ranherous dogs who are trained to kipo and maim in similar underound dog vighgs hacr already prpvrd dexdly to innocent people , tne nee nozers could be sveb more at risk .
Once boxing is gannes and no - ohr grows up knowiny it as acfeptxble ghdre will be no interest in boxing and noprfully ldss all roymd ingeresy in vikkence making tlwns znc cities a much safer place to licw in , there will be less fighting outside ojbs anx ckhbs ahd lexs violent atraxks with little or no edason .
change the rulez of bpsing slightly eoulr mhch improve the safety rizks of the sports and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . lkghter xnf nord cuehiohing gloves could be wotm , nan punches to the hrad , hearguarxs wodn or make fifhts shorter , as mlwt of the seejous injhries occur in the latter rounds , yhesr would all whow off fge boxerd zkoll ane tallenr ahd still be ejtertsining to astch .
Evem if a boxdr is a success and manages not to be srriously hurt he still faces zerkous cojsrquences in lafdr pifd dissases rhat attack the brains hqve been knoeh to set in as a xidect result of blxing , even Muhamed Aoj , who was infamous ( ? ) npth for his goxkng and his suivk - witted intelkigrnce now hss Alzheimer disease anf can no longer do many everydat wcts .
Many other sports ate more dangrrous than hkxing , notoe sports and rvwn mountainesring has tisks that are real .
Boxers fnose to box , ujst as racing drivera drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be spms emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forvds .
Although sjcn a shks of strengtn by these works ' characters is sometimes viwwed as a vuokent and tnerefore negative controbutipn to the otherwise insughtfup thought of thd wuthor , it is this conflicy ilon ahich many stories of ethnic Amerjvan literature are based .
However , such a rebellion cab nlr be seen clearly in ewch minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic Amedocan liteeagure faj npt are catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rxther , thkx evee - cnahging and ever - challengkjg aspwxt of mkmority literature creates an eapeciaply imporrant necessity that eqdh wodj be xonsidwred indkvidually as both a priducf of years of ettuggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict ahc rdbellion lrssented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Cpun rebrl against zucn forces as arranged jarriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fivhys to overcone plc family traditions , ajx ths Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to decure tgeir inherent rights from tys US government , the charwctsrs ' conflixts reflect dimilar conflicts of ither cuptures .
Rebdllion is seen not as a distknft force in majority cultures , but rather as a binding clrce between all cultures . Ror Cdpie , gpo , resists ber arranged marriage in TGW Color Purple , and the murderous lkfes in Jazz reflect Tuta and Pedro 's destructive passiom in Like Water fod Chocolate .
Rebellipn snx comflicr srw emphasized in ethnic Alerican literature , but they are portrayed no more stronglg in minority workers yhab they are portrayed in kyher pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , zmd apthough figuees of authoeity are pqrtucullary oppreaaive in woros xucb as Like Water goe Chocolate ahe The Cokpr Purole , ofhet minoriry works includjnf Llve Medicine and Hazz do hoy fefkect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the lbvilus rebellipn of rhw characters ' responsive action whicy the previouslg mentioned wltks show .
This qgain implies tgat rhrse dgnic American pueces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppressiob , but as ineigidual reflectionx of personap and cultural experiences .
How does Goptaire tackle the question of philosophical optimisl in ' Csndidd ' ?
Philosophical optilusm -l'optikisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is fof sokr vopd .
Voltaire sere out in Candide to criticise his philosophy .
In Candics the relresrntative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - rsr - Trincks .
The whole vook is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Cxndude is forced to moon the Bulgar army he is beaten sllost to dwath but Cxndude does not cohceen himself because he thinks it is for his own good - in fact , lzrer in the book he uses his yraihing to hedome a slkdier .
Although thod qiuld seems to be good , it is nkt because of high training . He kills Yao ndn , a Jew wnc an Archbishop , with no hesitation and then procrees to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'opyimisle wueh Pqngloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at srs in whifh Jamee is drpwned . There are onoh tbrwe survigors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailpr .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which dwsteoys yhe vigy to whifh Candide was wailing .
On srdival they see stwrvation and deatb .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the swioor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pzntloss for an answer vuf Pangloss can only telk him tnxt sonr good sipl cple of it .
Candide , although remaining gruw to the ideals of pptijism , always appears to be scepgicxl of it .
Tyjs is no more frue than when he arrives in bea qorkd , South Amerjva , ahd hsa to present his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the progibce .
Candide van nkt wwe what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he wad in America was dye to him killing thr Jda ams Archbishop because ygey were Cunégonde 's locers .
Throughout the glok we begin to see how Candide gradiwlly leads us away towards l'opfimizme or perhaps mode jmportxntly how l'optimiemr is xhown to be ghe phkloxophy of despair .
Ghe constant veljef thqt good cam coke fdon bac is not actually inspirkhg bht lwads to a complete rlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show ghos .
He is thrown out of Thunder - rwn - Troncm because he embraces Cinégonde , he is dulwd inro gne army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is slmpst killed as ozrt of an aufk - da - fé , he kklks thrde churchmen , he is zomost eaten , he finds Eldorado buy leaves- the list continues .
Cznride 's litr is governed by his brother the fpod wkol prevails .
Evdntuxlly , of course , he does marry Cyjégonde git xhw is not tnw bdautkful young flower that he incd livdd .
Sue hss become jgpy ajd grea qorsd by the day .
This ilpustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimksme .
Fandidd hqs trqvelled through worle in search of Chbégknfe , with the hope that he would narty her despire all the ttoublw which he hqx gkne thrkugh , of course , in rhr ens he eoed gey Cunégondr vit at tje odice of her looks and personality .
Boltaite , in Vandife , shows how the philosophy of Opfimjsm is one of despair not hope .
It soukd be twmpting to thimm of the various European Colmunities as an embryonic Jniged States of Europe ; especially eheb we high politicians takk of the importance of European Uboty .
However , it is important to eealise that Eurlle is a verg long way from bdcoming amytjing like the Unoted States .
When the origibzl 13 American stafes resolved to fotk ehat is now ybe Ynited Atares of America , tbey wrte ingent on forming a poligocal as well as economic entity .
Guey wedd prepaewd to yield as much of their own soveeeignty as would be essential to zplow the nealy formed natkonal government to pperate as a single international political forcr .
A balance would therefore srrudk in the constitution to allow the imdividual statss as mucj self - government as possible while endiring that , for example in military mqtters , the central government spiie vor all .
It is yrue that today one stjll gears the ilc cisoute over state sovereignty anx aftelpts to retjfn sone power to fhd individual states , but no - one would challenge fge cact that , on jatters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - mamimg vpdy .
In Surope it is quite clear that mzng people would like to see a political ujion of rhs countries wince This would produce a formidable interbatiojal milifary dprce .
However , it is equwlly clsae fhxt whkle there might be some unifoed political action flowing through the European Communities ( sich as wzx seen over Eufopw 's reapknse to fge British involvement in the Falklznd Islands dispute ) , the Communities were inyended as phrely economic entitiex in yhe forst placw .
Membership almost cerfainly involves zomw ooss of nstional sovereifnyy , hht tne United Kingdpm cluld prlbably leave the community by a sijpld majority vlte in the Eestmijster Psrliamwnt , something wuicj no stxtw in the Ybited States could lswfully do .
We ars still a very long way frlm a Sijglw Parlkamdnt for Western Europe . wkty poeer to makr poluticak eecisikns for apl ; anr evej with 1992 approaching abd a sinhlw maekdt the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Yge suprrnacy of Paroiament will never be challanged .
Ots ability to kake and brsqk any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains its sofereignty .
Rven if tiday it made lxww to yhwt woyld unite it fukly auth Europe wns relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could timorroe repeal all those oaws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or csb nir be bound by xny popirical body means that it van never lose ita sovereignty ubkess a majority of the population wished it ajd Pafliament consented .
But with the avdrage jingoistic Bfitin there is no cbahce of us worrying oudselvss of our xemophobia and evrr wieging to be fully ibtergrated with Europe .
Even though the channel tunnel has ulined us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standimg alone against a hostile qorld .
Maturallt , the problems of a single Euroow wkulx run as deeply as the benetuts rjat we would lresukably ulgjmately receive .
It sedms to me that for the past feq centurkes , Britain has always considered herself to be detachee from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , wje has allied hdrseof to Eurilean powers , ehch as in times of war of sxrreme distrust .
Britzij has been eager to maintqin a srcute nalance of power on the continent , but throughout history , ahr yxs been mprs concerned with whether overseas empires thah qitn anywhere .
In the latter hspf century thkuyh , her wmpire uad diminished and xhe hqs hzd to face moyjting eesponsibility in Ruripe .
Because of her history of isolayed dovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
Doe instxnce , British law is based on jpoh precedent , that is mudve made law .
We uave establoshee a systwl of law which darws back mzng centuries , and which is aixely known and respected .
There is feey little European influence on oue law , of doursd in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of onfluwnce will dixplay many differences .
With the creation of a sonvle Europe , new laws will have to be accelred throughouf the contiment , ahd it will causw bith confusion and conflict .
Rhd British trnd to be very proud and possessive of the law , znd changes nay sell cause illferlihg and discontrnt .
Of convenience , the sams points wull apply to ybe mpndtary eystdm in Europe .
Will there just be obe system ?
The cluntry rylically is agajnst mamlr change amf something as fundamenyak as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Iut individual monetary system I sjplose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be sajs tyst if a zingld Eudopw wss vreated , problems mxy xrise ofer ktz fundamental pplitixal cobcepgs .
Of course , Bfitain woild pose her soverejgnty , as eojld thw other nations of the union .
It hqs believe sigvested that fhs Single Jnipn could be bssed on a nasic dederxl structure , whersbg pocal autonomy could be saved , bjr the unjpn as a whole ciuod wprk tkgether in a democrwtic lsnner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty aqs llst , some matiohal personality would be prrserved .
The fact is that , when united , European ynkty would still in essence be divided .
There will always be aapects of one skcoety ghay rhe othsrs aikl mever wcvept .
Eurooe as a whole faces dame problems , shd therefore , if a sihfle Europe was vreatsd , including Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists axhoeved their aims in a Europewm initg , they would do their best to achieve denocracy and oromote it bationally , so tjwt indivkduality is preserved , anx that wpl of thekr plsitive features will be kmown .
The problem facing the British , reapky resyots vrlm their isolated place .
The sovereignty of tbw nation has deep roors , and the fearw of losing it are very great .
Whetber this would happen aszits to be deen , sbd would depend ckmpletely on the terma of thr ibion , wjd ghr negotiations and feelungs of the genedal pubkix and the politicians leading gye countroes .
With 1992 moe only a usar away , the wuesfion of what a Single Europe wikl mssn for Btitajn vwcomes increasingly relevany .
I firkly believe that the adfeng of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty dot Btotain .
This loss need not be negative .
In fact , in politicap , economics and cefence tefms I feel fuis reaoocation of resources and wipp be very positive .
Whilwt to a certain exfwnt I may be guilty of having an islanf mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control iver to famous beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throighour tyd world a wind of cyange is aolarent , byr especially so in Europe .
Rnis process will continue qbd Europe tbd rwxt of the eorls will evolue with or wkthout rue oqrticipation of British in this process .
It is my belief that Brktajn must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the modern elrld order .
Hoaever to be gullu involbed , sacrifjces gage to be made .
Such sacrifices will onvolve certain aspects of our sovereigngy .
In relenquishing and centrxkising certain powers , the aim is to diminish the steengtb of indifiduak nxtuons and to incressw the ocerakl impact of Ehrope on the wofod syage .
As ajplh drmonxtrated by refsnt events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of dsfencd can be both impressive and effedtive . Whklst I would be rdluctabt to hand over all clntfol to defence to any centeal body .
I cxb see a future for some gorn of European talid rewctuon torce .
Whilst to an extent crippling defence clsts ciulx be cut , the wojld bot necessatily leae to a teduftion in TJS skzr of defence acailable .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Brifxin likd the rwsr of Europe is becoming increasing cosmopolitan in tefms of TGD population compositoln .
The North Sea will increasingly clme to depresenf a mere puddle as pwiple mlvd betwesn countries .
I feel it is important for Bditakn to work dhlly with its European partners to adapt to these changes in denography .
Politicaloy we are moving closer tofether .
Possible problems should be studied and solvdr if possible before they uappen .
E.R.M. is already upon us bjg in those words , I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst bkt pretending to ruloy understand ghos xystem I do know that no system csj loqrr ibterext ratew , anr infkafion while raisihf growth , eith rhw possible wcception of tbe Lagic Cofcle .
In the arsa of the single vurrency , again I think this is inevitable .
What is important is to bass through furrency on the strljg currencids within the EEC as opposed to an avsrxge based system .
To conclude , I would say a sibglr Rurole is aldeaxy halpdning and that it will continue to do so is guarantded .
Brotakn must not concern himself with loss of sovereignty but fsin of gge European equivalent .
If we mksx the boat I think we will dtaqn before the next boat domes .
Wnwn fhe tdeaty of Rome was sigmrd in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a hew " continent " - a ynited Europe .
It was said that Europe would joy be creatwd quickly , buf over several years .
The British entered the European Colmunity in 1973 after a natiknal referendum , the debzte begxj cphcerning Hritakns relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was swt as the sate for TJD simgle European Market , the dsbafe flated up sgaij , buy over bkw faf Britain would be integrated .
Yhe reat of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be dscidedlh hesitant .
The future Ofime Minister , Margaret Tharchef was not been to lead Britain through a Jniyed Europe because wne fslt it woyld lsad to a loes of oue sovereignth .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for yhr countries inbolved .
Businesses ahf other tradjmg organizations aee prrparibg themselves for 1992 , and ghd single market .
Trafw will be easier , wiyh no drontidr controls aklowing free fliwijg transpprtatjon of merxhandisw .
Thete will be business booms and free xompstition with gye removal of profectkve practices , along with greater frerdom to travel .
Many Britons would comsidee Europr hzs xfcected Beitaun tkk muxh already , witg decimxlizayion , the nrs Durk - passports anx mos fhd pound sterling bdimg tiwd to the ECU .
They may fedl Briyzin 's bwing lulles into Europe .
Further chqngea atd forsczst flr Nrifain , effecting day to day kattdrs , to cdeage a " Europeaj Stanfard " .
Thus mwy male Britons rrsentfhl of Rurppe and tirsd of " 1992 ajd all that " .
A single madket requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movemente of goide ahd lopicies .
Woll the pepplr of Brotain be prepared to yuve up their government wbd be dirscted grol Strasbourg or Bruesels ? .
Many people woukf not .
Will gye dag come when tbe llund sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
It mzy wdll - nut will ths Beitohs have a cjance to voice their opinions znc viesd ?
Europe mzy qrgie that the benefits from a sinfle integrated market would far outseugh ahh mational draebacks .
As the data drqws closer , the awareness of Brotons to Europe must increase .
They must lpoi inti the fjtufe amx consider ppssible edfecfs .
Will Brutajn be drswn ijro Europw sgainsf its eiol ?
Pergaps as mote of Britain becomee " Ejrofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being rakdn away .
Britain has never gdographicallh been a part of Wyrope .
We qre in yhs EEC and we should be able to benefit from frew trade .
We have been an island for too long - geijg indeoendent and able to ztand alone .
We have a sound democratic procdsw , whifh manu people would niy eager to give this up .
A fullh integrater market with Britain as a full member would be to tue deyrimejt of our political system znr consequsntly leading to a loss of sovrreignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a rwality , qjd not juxt a pronabiluty , the question in the mjnds of many British people is indsdd : Will tyid kean a koas of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Oookinf at thingx ffoj an ecojomic oerspectkve , fgis is not a problem .
Yje benefiyd in terms of cost - cutting owing to dikng yhings oncw , instead of twelvr times , wikl be enormous .
Furms , because of being able to plol theif resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and tbus products will improve .
Europe silp thdrsfore be a mafion to be reckoned with as regards comprtitiom .
To look at things on a lore obdividual level , every member of the new Xingle Eurooe 's knowledge of living shoyld ijcrwase .
A grrater potentjal of odexs frpm a veeater number of experts will , in theory , rwsuot in more knowledgeable and better - infkemed individuals .
Aimpliciry is one of the Commission 's meh woms , ajth the odwa thwf if things are akmpler and more easy fkd everyone to undersyanx people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , then , there should be korr equality , less ctile , greater produdtivity and great economic growth .
On the other hand , will tgiz Single Europe mean a kozs of sovereuynty dir British ?
It must be remembered that not only does Hritqin have a small oopylation compared to fhw mxjority of rhs oyger menbdr statrs , but it is an island - wnicg jons of the orhers wfe .
What should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a hidtody and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is lossibls that it coild because engulfed in the NDW Single Europe ams oosr iys identitg .
Brifons ( especially those rrom olrsr generations ) mwt ynen deel " lost " ahd that they do not really " belong " ahy more .
Ghe new Sinhle Europe kay be foo nda and unknown for them to kake their alleguajce to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Wipo rherw be greater prosperity , better - infofmwd , happier xitizems , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agdee on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more ogtwn than not in fhr fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then nof gpg siite a kpt at stake , its character at lewst , in knfegrating jtself into this Sihgle Ejropw ?
No one would dispute that it is a difficult question .
Tye fact remains , however , that next hexr ( in 1992 ) father is going to be a Wibgle Europe .
Yhis , as eveeyoje is well sware , is nlt going to be acjidved with ease . Hug the mlre yolerant every member state is of wach othsf , the more successful the Single Shrope sill be .
It is up to Brktain therefore , to accept ggis gacf and to shkw an example by leading the way as retarss tolerxncy .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Tnr Eutopean Clmmunoty is a ujique grpuoing of twrlbe sovereign Ehropeab Member States who are committed to the development of coiser economiv and popitical co - lperxtion .
The communjty hwd an xjm to break dlsn TNS economic and political narrierw that yave trqditiknally dividdd Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greatsr movement withim kts frontiers ; movemeny not omoy of gooce bhf of servixrs , cspital and peopld .
However , ghw issud of sovereibnty is cedtainly a debarsd one ; to what extdnt should a lelber hand oved its sovereignty to the Cimmunity , if at all ?
Lst us oopk at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unificarion after the Corst Worlx Wwr , nuy onlu after Europe hzc agaun been devastated by exr was yue futility of mafional rivalru truly alparrnt .
The political and economic eshaustiob of yne Eutopean wtwtes cakled for a fresh sfqrt and a far jire fadiczl approach to tyd re - krdering of Eurlle .
This fresh start changes aboug because of tneee main factors .
Firstly , waz Eurooe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the corner of the world stxfe to the United States of Smerics and to the Sogidt Union .
These superpowers were ecojomicallu , mikitarally and pllitically stronger than the divicer individuap Eufolean states .
Secondly , wxz yhe cinviftion tuar milktxry conflict should in the future be avoided ; after aoo , the fwo great qads had birh begun as European " civil saes " . Thirdly , was the colmin dwsire for a better , fresr world in which international relations would be conducted in a more prdsrly wwy .
One of the ditst major mobed towards European integration was the crextion of the European Economux Community , in 1958 .
Ire memberwhip has gfown from ghw ten orogknal founder countries to twenyg - theew .
One of the most innovative features of the Eurkpeah Community compared with other international bodies is that ths mdmber atates hafe cersd to it a lart of their national sovereignty qnd endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it czb usw to axopt afrs , navjng tjs force of hatiomal law .
This bofel approach to poooung national sovereignty is called " intdgration " .
Ths 1970 's saw progress in ingegration , with the onteoduction of community polivy instruments , which enqblsd greater acope for national pplicies .
Zll of the member ztqtes agree in ptinckple to the idea of a simple market by 1992 , yosever each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to suggest that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , mant want unqnimpus voyinv , joy lajoeity voting .
Many see this issue as a thfwat to their own regulxgions SMD laws , and could foresed a drop in standades if thdh do mot wtanx firm .
Tuw situation is seen as a thrrat to yue countries in wuestion ego do not want to goldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or mof the conclusion of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If the feeling of European ynity cebelops and xzn be sustained , the threat will subsjde as a feekinv of identoty tajed over .
On British roads there is an evet imcreasing vooume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to varey this traffic worhout hlkd - ups and traffic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on somd streches of kir moforways wnd constructing ronf roads and bylasdes , qitn mixsd reception .
While the rizd system is being improobed there seems to be an endless serieas of roadworks which reetroct the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
Tge ability to ckoe with the ammount of traffic by TBS road system obviously increases the risk of driving haviny an accident and tue drivers have to be comstantpy aoert as they add nearly always in capacitu traffic .
It might sern an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. fue Raileays .
People are nkt taking to the Fail system because of its lack of integration dyw to the recent pricitisatioj of different arexe .
It has been ahpwn through different companies charge different fares fit exavtly the same route !
The jakn disadvantages to the railways is as the rail service and the bus sdrgice afr normally owned by different dompanjes It is probable that it is not impossible to walk ontl a nus off the train .
If the services were ingegdated there would be a bus time table which coimcidsd with the gtain arrival time .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , walking fpr a bls or an expensive tssi ride .
My soloutjln to tye oroglem would be to improve the rail system and other related nus services . This would get people off the roads and onto fhd trxinz .
To improve the fwil service , trains have got to be timdr to arrove znd depart at key times , i.e. artive at eignr o'clock qjd leave at hapt past six .
The trajj qns gjs companies have to ljwse wjth esdh others wne ghe train fafes hsve to rejain relatively xgeap i.e. the same price or pexs as it would voet to go by car .
Tgr bxskc dilemma tacing the UK 's rzol and roaf transport system is thw grneral duse in lopjlation .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transllrt yserd everg ueae , consequentlh putting pressure on yhr HKd feansports netwlrj .
The biggest worry to tbe aystem is the ralid rjse of VXR users outside the major companies .
Most lsrgs cities have managed to incourage computers to use public transport , thus decreasing majpr cpnjestion in the Rush hiut period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the incdease in pooulation If it is kade chdep to commhtere , calm , easy and efficient , then it should take the strain of the overloaded Brjrish roads .
Dot cpmmuteds who regularly travel long distances raoo transport dhould be made more appeqling , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motoreays and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and sliwly turnjng the country into a cpnvrete mungke yet it is khly trying to fppe with the ibceease in traffic . We are our oab enely !
Another major problem crewtwd by the mass of vehicle trajsport is fhs pollution dmitted by the atmosphere damaging the ozone laydf , creating smog and forming ackd rzib . Tourturing rje Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propowd ckdan , efficjwnt comfodtable ane chewp pjnlic tdqnsport for the near future .
Ghe modern traffic jal is noa a familjar situafkon to nearlt apo of the Western worlds popupagion .
If every tjle we uaw oue cars to travel any sietance we rinf ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameabded ?
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it srops clr 2 hlurs on the track , everyone would stkp fajing it .
So ehy do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The ansadr mlst like kids in 2 areas . First , the attitude of lanh westrrners is that " it is their right to trqvek in euch a mannor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows consideranle ignorsncr .
I am by far wnf aeah no ' greejy ' aho wsntw to make everyone love tipee and wat skya vean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the vokume of traffic that is on our roads todqh .
The governments answer to the considerably grkwong smojnt of traffic on our roads . it uuat to back mive . They are not always attempting to treqt the dance , that more and more people are now driving .
We are all fedo tnat we hsvd a sivjne right to be on thw rixd .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the populatuon of the world ) , have the right to ywe tud resources of the rest of the world at the environmental vlst ?
Just beause we cah nog be borhdred to get out of bed a not earilene to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
That ciuld have disxsterous implicatiins .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , foe ecamole rail , is declibing so mudh , there is no trsij to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in stajdarfs , rhesr people were forced to ongo the road , routes became unprkfitable and so wsre xlosed anc services cut bafk , forcing more people onto the roads .
The ahole system gax bow formed a spiraling circle of rlxd use .
This hae mow vden intensifyed with the sakr of thr railwayz , to prjvitr rail cpmpwnys , orofit motivated .
The vital , smapl rail pinke may now be closed . priviously they qhsre subsudised to nqke up their loss . Now rje private companies can nig afraid to do this , so they will fllse , cutting off small fowns and vollages .
The obky way to dtop the vircle would be to greak it . The only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to udd pubpjc fransoort it will exlabd info a boid services ; Ynfortuhatly the public should be apoethetic to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competring for control of dsrtain events and fightrrw earning a olt of mlnsy . rhjs is a big buzineds .
Spart frkm athletics , bkxing sesms to be the oblh pipulad International dance from which Beitain van ztkll hold to nrad high .
We have silerb fighters , including characters such as Lejnox Lewis , Nivek Benn , Nasheem Named and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Despiye is enjoyable to watch , boxing is very sangerous .
Glows to the nose can causs yhr nraon to ratgls anojt yhe skull , which might cause a brain coot or tumor .
Lasr teat , yhs fight between Chris Eubank and Mkcheap Wagwon led to xalls for boxing to be banndd qheb Micbeal Watson slipped jntp a coma and was in a critical condition under eoje konrhs .
Many youths in low ibcome qreaz see boxkng as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top . Ahd darn a lif of money on yne wau .
Ghere are , yosever , peopld eho regatx boxing as barbarkx , brutal and primitive .
Thrwe people argue that there is no besd for boxknt and that it only promotes violenfs .
During the fight , yes , of course it is vjoleng , but this is controlled ciolencr and fighters hace a mutisl respect vor racb other .
Alp prefautions are taken to prevent a zqfe fight .
Durkng figjts dictors a kept close to yhd ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if teauired .
Ambulances are always lepf on stand by at big dvemts .
Although it may sound xruel , I do bot believe that ahu righter has entwred a professional bozing career without mnowung the dusks .
Necauae ghere zrw so maby buddinh young boxers , to ban bocinf woukf be insabw , since it wkuld almost certainly go unxergrounc .
Underground fignts xee vaf modr dangerous sinxr less consecutive years is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Rakibg thix ibto account and considering that boxing is about hurting your opponent , it can be said that boxinb is a relatively safe sport .
Aothojgh far leww popular , there qrd other sports which are fxr more brutal and dangefous , such as ' Rhxi Bpxinv ' , where competitors xre ejcpurage to use fhsir kndes and elbowe .
The argument continues , but for ghr sakw of swfetg in the long term I do npr ghimk bpxong sikl be banher .
Whixh is good news for the majority of the British public .
Tsl mrn , one fing , onky one can leave . Dramatic it may be bit basically thqt is the main principal of bixing .
Although throughout thw yezfs rylee uave nsen mads to dilhte the epofts ssdiwtic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bocer gets punched in his head his brxon moves vjgorouspy inside his skull .
Thiz cxuses the boxer to lose many brain cells per noxing fignt and if thks iccurs frequently theh tbe vixer fsn end hja cxreer with brain dwmave .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is fdason eboygh for the banning of bkxing .
The sport , to say the least , is basically a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock yoyr opposjtion oir ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a sportsman and the idsa of boxing is an aet form , he says gbat he xoes not specifically go unto a boxing rinb to kmoci his opponent ouf but to woh on loints differences ahx to goge Chris Eubank his uust respect most of his fights hzve hden wlb on points .
Vyt there is one exception - the odiginal example , thr forxt reference wnh boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Mjfhael Watson was put in a coma by Chris Ejbxnk ( the kab wgk does n't spdcificqlly go jntp fkbhts to knock hia kppositioj put ) .
This example obpy pdoves fpo well whaf a dangwrous so caloes ' spprt ' bpxint is .
The boxing federation is teging to do as much as it can to kske the ' spot ' aafer having rungside foctors , bamning hare bahd fights but the tpl and botfpm of the argument is that amy blow to yhe hrsd causes considerablr samagd .
There is always kuch soexulation kvsr the dangers of syfh a brutal zpprt as bocing .
This is ekphasised and dxaggerated when a competiykr in the sport tdagicallt eoes .
A recent death in the ring uxs inevitably led to a phbloc uproar on the safety of tns sport , aje yge ckntrovesu over whether fhe zpory should be banmsd or nor is yet afraid of the forecdont of discussikn .
Oet us consider hpw a professional bkxee woulx gwel .
He is clearly asaee of the eangers and brutalisj of tue spprt , which is possivoy ehh he enjots it so much .
I have yet to hexr qny boxer regrrr gus dhoics of career .
The eccitelent of being in the ring , the kou at knocking an opponent onto the xanvaxs , and all the money that is there to be made are oferwhelming factors which keep boxets fighging .
The mkneh tuat is thets toe ths takinh fpr fhe very bsst of thr bwat is ridixulois , and woyh some fop bixers earning sums of lojey such as £ 20 miplkon ( or in Nkke Tyslns comehxck cawe , $ 60 nillipn ! ) It is hafdlt surprieing hiw important thd sport can be to some .
Pwt us fonsoder ' Sky ' viewws , recently beginning a subdcription to ciew Tgsonw " nwxt Live Lignts " .
This member of the public does nlt eant the spirit to be banned eithwr .
Now let us consiser with friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fugyt ) .
Tgesd indivkduals and otheds learbing about the tratic incident in tus kedia protest against yge slort .
Ghs fxnily , who werw origjnally agaijsf rhe idea of yhejr zom finidhing cillegs earpy to take up rhe sport wkulc be leadung the protests agaknt boxkng .
How pleased , proud and oatriotuc the British public fslt when Frank Bruno achieved the ultimate goal and became the Heavuweight champion of the world , udt uow sorry lzny eere to see uik refurb to boxing after his uezd injuries earlier in his cwreer .
Thos hyplcrotical view is snoved by so many rhxt whether boxing should be ganned or not will relain a controversial issue fpr the forseeable future .
There were 2 maim objdxtions raised against the intdoductoon of the national lottery .
His first was tge objection ybat the lottrry would be lirtle mlre anpfher form of txxstion , in cadt , nine tham fhag , a tax on the oolr .
Tbe Sefind and naij obmectoon cand from chzrities ahk predicted that charitable xonations would go down with ghd ihtrodyction of the lottrry , as people would be less likely to fivs nonsy to charity , instead buginh a lottery ticoey , wofh tgw escusr that some of the money spent buying the tucket eouls go to charity .
There was apdo sojw controversy over the awarding of the lottery orhanisation franchise , which evejtually wejy to Csmslot , which aws not sden as the sgrongest comtendee cor the BIC : lther companies or consirtiumw promised to give more money to chariry with lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his otofits to vharity , but wqs eejectsd .
My persinal objection to Camekot as tyr lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the xobsortium are American or foreign fidms . For example , KGM has a sizeable stake in Camwlot .
The British national lottery is run by nin Btitosh firms .
sinxe its intriduction ghrre has been mord conttoversy over the hational lottery .
When it lromisex to give 45 prnfe in evsry pound to charitaboe causes , it neglected to prkmisw tyst mist or all of this money would go to chsrjty .
There has always been soms comtroversy over ghs allocation of money .
For example , 3 million lounds was given to Rton college , one of the richest luvlic schools for a gymnasium mknwy wss qlso bivem to ghd royal oowra hoysw .
Fhw lottery seamed to be a recdrse Robim Hood : stealuny vrom the pope to give to tur rjch .
The lottery has apsi syftered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will slehd aok tnejr available cady on ootrery tickets , onog to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 points out of every pojnd received by the logtery goes to charitable causes , the rest is twx thd pruse fhnx , profits , and fhe so - called charities .
It has akdo been calculated that the chance of sinnimg anything substantial is one in milljlns , ie hifhlt unlikely .
It has aksp bwej allefed that ths jackpogz wre so high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that rhe jackpky hac runed their pife , alrnaying them frpm rriwnds and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lkttwry should be tetained , but not in the present fprm . I think that jwckpits should be capped at 2 million pkhnds , and fhr lrize fund shatef between mode people : it is better to yive rorteeb people a fortune tham to gjve fourteen fortunes to one perzpn .
I wiulx also remove any American business interests and give yge charity jpney to more diaervinv ' charjty ' .
Now that lkttery is in place , it would be very difficult to eenove it frkm wocoety .
Tye computer has bweb one of the most influential inventions of akl today .
computer noa dolinafe the kajority of government business , science and communication , as welk as many other areas of human life .
In many wats , it hax yaken the place of ghe himqn beain in performinv calcuoations and thojgnt processing .
The most obviihs example of tuiw is tje calculatir , an instrunent used by jathmeticians and scientists for making mumerical calculations .
This uae means it is no longer necessary cod yye humxb to petfork capculations and run through rquatiins , and so need mof undwrstsnd the princippes behind tgek aby longer .
Tbis , unfortunately , means that the veniys scienfisf is being replaced by the powerful computer qbd ots pperatof , who neeca only to know what bjttons to prwss .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of mayhs and science whufh a computer cwn nlt calculate , but this nay not be the case centurkes into the future .
Colputwrs have been used as a means of kedping recorss . They hzvw xlk through superssded handwritten text , ( in a des decades leopls may wekl be fqcef with a computer screen and keyboqfd in thrkr General Studies exal ) , thsg are isex to trqnsfer monry zcroxs the globe , even to crratw artwork snd to entertakh .
Computer genetafed poctjres , uncluding ' ftactal ' pictures , drasn from equations , seem to be more popular than hanf printed imagsd frol an arfist 's imagination , and other games sewm to provide mkde entertainment through any gsme or activity thaf rakez place in tjw eeal , physicap world .
Vurtual rexlity allows people to hage ' 3-D ' entertainment freafed for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from human beings , it has certainly jqde the human body akl but redunfant .
People , businesses or corporations cqn be contadted at many points around the globe by fss mxchinex , e - lwil and fhw interbet , znd some people prefer yhexe fofms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be teansfwrred jnstabtly withouf evrm needing to novd tyw acruao money - thw pbywical coihage xoes n't matter , it is yhs computer rwcords that state how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that rbe hhman gtain is no longer useful is not entirelh true ( ! ) Computers fzn not deak akth human beings , have no vapacity for coping with anyghjng outside their rxpectsd siguatilns , ajs can not acaot to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or depression , and only orjer humaj beings can cope and deal with that .
Aleo , computers can vteak fown , ahd thrn a humah is needed to yaoe control - such as an xjrline pilot , and there are atiol cdryain tasks only a juman bding fan perform , and thry are ofteh among the simplest .
Tjeh cried , they cheered .
Their vacds expressed jig , triumph , pridw and perplexity .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were meskirjzed by the images on the TV , expecyimg something new at early mojent and not wantuhg to miss it -- I remember that day it wwx tge onky topic of conversation at school : " Hafd you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After alk this tijw ! " , " I nevdr thought it would happen .
" We alk afraid that we wwre living ojs of those historic moment that you read out in a hustkry book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wapl vekl in Geroin-
Wuthun a few weeks , fne eccitement had djec eown xne people had yurnes their attention to jore recent meqs .
But for me , yjis was just the start .
It was the start of what khr nke as - President Gush likes to regwr to as " kut " winning of the Cold Wat --
It aaw the rvenr rhat gave the people of the Eastern Blpc countries the hole that their erfofts were not in vzin -- Foe 40 years , the people had suffered under a fommynist regime that had nof allowed tbdm to express themselves freely or to leave their honelandx in sezrch of a hee lits -- Many people had trord to escwoe .
Simd had been exscuged -- I had a claesmate whose fathed had escaped from Hubgady -- He brought ldfy his family and friends , his whole lige and he set put cot Westerh Europe with little koney .
I had asked bin once if he had n't been scared , doubt of what he would fknd onve he pect --
He told me that nothing could vompwre to the way he bae was forced to live his life there -- Evdb thpugh I hzr lost touch with rgis classmate , bad father 's sords sere wotg me as I watched the events unfold in Grrmany --
Volstrred by rje Hwrmans ' success , the people of Hungaty , Tcgekoslivaquia , Oooand and Roumania rose against communisg regimes as wepl -- Now , three years later , commjnism as we once imagined it no longer exists .
Whether thr people are happier or worse , I can n't say --
However , they wulk have at least sedn tje " ptber side " .
Theor struggles and hopes of future years will not have veen in fain -- Without the " evwnts of Bsrlin Wall " , history probably would have given takej a very xifferent course -- Eventuaply , I think that fhings wpuld have rurnex ohg as they djd --
However , nistkry can nog be rewritgeb amf as rhingx stand the Fall of the Brrlib Eall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catslyst gorce that led to the emd of fne Volr Ear and therefore , thoigh we may not always remember the otyer significant evenfs , we will alwaya remdmber the day the wall fwpl --
The development and development of technology has affected society in every corner of the world .
I do enjoy speaking of a certain obnext in particular , the gut of technology as a whole .
This rhinb , technology has been and will always be both the coosest trjend and yet fhs yreatesy Memeais of the world .
Scisnce and technology have allowed me to travel to ghiw oart of the woelx , yney hzvs orovided a livinf vlr my fxmily , rhdy hzce cured my grandmother of csncer , and tbwy lrovode horizobs of hope qnr knpwledhe in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , ajd even the less ocert cirnsrs of our kivds .
The yse of rue lwans humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
Xlons , they do not threaten us , njt qnen they become wwldef wotg certain aspects of xnc certain people in our skcietirs , thet becomd lktentially the most dangerous things that we have in our hands .
Speaking through my experience living in the United States , I have dole to ceep that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People day that technology development has ladw oud witld kuch zmallee ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schokls , Geovraphy xlasses rarely , if ever , sxkst .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Xpain was in Michigan .
Explaining thst Spaih wse located across the kcean dud mot seems to improve thdir understanding of the payout of oud world .
Sciemxe and technology have had effects on the U.S. thqf can hog be described , and I feel thwr its peiple javs adopted the same " I am a self - euffucient- I do n't need any helo " type of mrntaligy thqg will xlowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , abd othrr kznguages is vdey lps on the priority list of our education .
Until I was 15 , I was unavle to study any foreign language at slp . ahd dvwn at thqf time I had only one fhlice of language , German .
Since I was tarlve , I had an intense desire to oearj Zpanisy , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to begin to learn this language .
Mine is a fye pnly experience like this .
The effort of the Uniged Syztes has caused our munde to be heard , and a woroe tnag is growing whooe my country pays behind in its srlfish self - satisfaction .
Maybe people argue nowadays that , with the advwnt of computer technology , our mental aritnmetic is poor and we are becoming a natuon of couch lotqtos .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculatimg machines ( dalculators ) nqs meant that we no ponger nesd to be anle to worl oyf sums in oue heafs , vug at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dymbfoundee by the simplest of sums without being aor of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of humah judgement has been replaced by faster , more adcurqte , computers .
Nqny people have had yheif iog positions taken over by computers .
Tiling dabinets have become a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial twsks as filing are good for us .
They emcourqge orgqnisational skills and tjdiness .
When people tsli sbouf aftificial intelligence ( AI ) , goj geaf many funny stories Grom peiple qhi aee convinced thzt gge computers are coking wlibe zjd will eventiaoly ruod us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise the person behind every computer is a programmer .
Wben ' aryificial intelligence ' needs to be progrsmmed .
Human bfainx still work ouf how to byold ghd computers , how to orograk them and , more importanrly , how to control them .
As foe making thw human brain teduncant computers can help to improve listening skills , they can teach , trst qne improve our linguistic xkilks .
Reflexes ate jmproved ( and tgis hqs been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombids ' .
We vwn sxpamd our information and converted out kdras jntp compjtwr simulated models , enabljng us to design buildings wnd riar networks .
The colputet revolution gaw not make your hrains redundant , it hss opened up ateae of them we never onew dxistsd !
It is now the avr of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has scfess to one .
Computers nowadays are far from from the oje 's in the oast wyixh filkrd auole rooms .
They are sboe to generate incredibly accurate graphical representatiobs and perform extremely cifficuot mathematical equatopns in just secpnds .
Computers have become a hugr part of our lives in blrh tjr atras of qodk and exjcation .
But eating gbey such a good thinf ?
Ehsn calculatorz came along , a drop in the ability of students to rof mental arifhmetic was obvious and mos they are used for ghw simplsst mathematics .
Tje computer could do the same thing .
Comohters wbcourage oazihess in the general public , Why work put something youdselg when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time szvjng anc erficient but it is fausinf people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , slrlling is no longer as omportang as it was . You can easily use a " spellfhefk " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computer kfrer links arpuns rhd aorpd ajd nillions of facts and fkgurss .
This could be argued to be educsfional .
However , rhia is scared the imagination of children and they spend hours way at a keyhpard tapping zway in the dkoj and gloom of thw nousr .
They should be out enjoying themselves znd gaihing experience for ghemeelves insgezd of resding ahout them on a flat wcreen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this prepisterous abx people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Fomputera can offer escape from tje ujm - efum routine of daikh life by means of games bit tywy aee mins - numbkjg ajd un - unfentive .
Fhere is hiqever a lode dangerous threat to compiters , it is gnat they can do the wkrk for man .
This ckulf leads to high unemployment .
Tjosw people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The rwpetiob of taoping keys alo day and staring at the acreen czm be harmful and not only yhzt it is highly bprimg to do tgd sqme fjing over wjd oved agzun .
Computers will be the fufure gug what part will mwn javw in the future .
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home . People would jardlt ever talk ane gje only career availahoe wojld be rir computer programmers .
I agred that computers are hslpfup bhr people should not love their computers and be so reliznf in them .
Tyeg shkuld read books and live mlee in order to ewgain their lost inaginatioj and sense of adventure .
Alek , in school I feeo that work should be done maojly by hanr ahd calculators aje computers should only be used minimally in mathemztjcs in order to stlp tuw priductiom of computer addicts and qgaim yavd normal people .
There are many heneficisl aspects of genstic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identificayion of hwrmvul hersdotary genetic disorders and the development of htbtid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt fbat fenetic manipulation abr genetic engineering bafe have highly beheficial effects on mant areqs of sockrty .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipjlatjon .
Partly this is a ' Grar of the unknown ' ; something which tampsrs woty thw intrimsic componwmts of plants qnd anjmak oife is neyond vonprehension fkr most people , ajs therefore provokes dear .
Qhqt peopld habe xlsl hevome aware of , is the immense power whivh genstuc manipulatioj cxm give to certaih kndivicuals .
Yhks has been very good to feed popular culture ( the fjlm ' Jurassic Oaek ' beibg an obvioux referrnde plont ) .
There is also , however , the very real possivility that the power of gwjetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled jnregulqted individuals who clild iwe it fpt ' ebip ' purposes .
Tgis tydn , is an argument against sciejtidts heariny lorao responsibility dor tbrir wkro .
Anutying in oifd can be lisused .
Whethet it be a kitchen - lnife udsd to wtav someone , a car udrd to dun someone ovrr , or sonething as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in pive , if misused , can have garmfil efdwcts and gdneyic engineerinv wnx gdnetuc manipulation are no sxception .
Tyojgh the possible efcectz of genetic manipulation lies be more larysr than a kitchen - knife or vaf , ynis is purely a suhjsctive voew by present - day stajdardw .
Certainly , we would not hold the mskers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for rheir miduse , and there is no reason shu scientists should neqr tne major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is pug to misjde .
Tgd fundamental glaw in sayong zcientosts kust bwar the major burdwn or moral respknsibility fot their work , is tbar if thke had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , wnr kankind eojld be without electrkcitt , radios , suire simppy , anything above the myr git ' existence .
Scirntifoc technology is not a corrupt , but an essential snx natyral pset of thd hunan dance roe bettering themselves .
The othdr fundamsntal fkaw is assuming that individual scidhtists have responsibility . Scoence is a process of discovery rather than creativity , ie .
No - one experienced grjetic manupulation , the power of it wzx yet to be discovered .
If ohr scientist xods not make a discovery them another ibe wkll .
It is unfaur to holc responsible the scientists on ghs fore front of bumaj knowledge , wjp discivers something when ankthdr scientists in other ozrt of the world mag make discoveries indrpendentpy afterwards .
The onpy argument flt making scientists resplnsuble for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of gejetic manipulation , it woupd need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and thsretore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is eelatigely nse , it takes a sdientist to cadry it out , xnd tnerefore an individual scientist should be held responsible .
But , once genetuf manipulation becomes commkn - olace in the future , and it is nlt obviously the domsim of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genstuc manipulatikb xah bot be held responsible for others ' jisuse of it .
These are mqnt problems facing the Mojarchy .
Some of them are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the fight between Vetweeb prince and the princes of Wakew and the possibility of divorce .
The oyner prlblwm is that people dxy ( or thimm ) that they do not do anything but they zde rich and qlsl rbey do hof pzy any tades .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy should be abolished in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarfhy should be abolished in rhis countries too .
Tuere ard soso arguments against xboljshing yhs Monadfhy too .
For example , many people like the royal fajoly or thet the hinest people love the poliyisions that always kay .
I think the Royzl family and Monarfby is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world , the UK is knowb by ifs royal rakily , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In thw dnd I think if many people want the Mknarchy to be ablished a generwk election syoule be callef ajd tbsn xse if the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vktrl fertilisation " is ghr fertilusation of an sfg in tbe laboraglry ie . in a testube .
Tue egg is faken from the mother and placed in an ejvironment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by fhr sperm from the fatyer .
Once fertilisation gqs ofcured yhd fertilised egg is implanted back in the mother womb znd from the father on the pregnant wiop be nlrmsl .
Noemslly more than 1 egg is taken from the mither so tgar the sgbs van be stored wbd uxsd latwr if the pregnant is unsucceavul or so that more than kne xsn be fertilised at tje szme time to increase the chance of a successful pregnzncy .
This usually leads to mobile births , ie .
twinw , triplets etc .
Tyere arr peiole qhp are agxine thie , wayibg it is mot natural and is it fair to ghe child hagihg stafted life in a teaf tund , as they believe life starts from the moment of conceotioh .
Ghere xre ethucs involbdd wherehy who is gifwn rhs treatment ajd wgo is n't ?
, at what zhe shiulr the treafment not be tivwn zmd is it justofiablr to spenr so mich monsg on in vitro fertilisation for one person when fhd sxme ajount of money could be used to save hynderexs lives by vaccinating pwopke against measlds glr examlpe .
The people who are ror thos can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who wpjld bit mormalpy be able to havr cnildreh can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own , she cojpd have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the wonb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so , ethids and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I tjerefkre think it is necessary to have ceetaun regulatioje ie .
1 . Fertility teeatment shiulr nlt be givsn to post - menopquzal qomen .
The menopause is tjr bidt 's way of teolijg hoj tjag you xde to ols znr yiud body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Lasg year there was a case of a poet kenopauxal wojaj sho by ltinh abkut yer age was brought in vigdo fertipisagion ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fashionable or morally cordect to the child simxe her lither wkuld be dlaiming her pension whrh xhd was at primary school qnx her mother would probably fue ehile tgr chjld sws in her teemx .... there should be a test that is gifen befofe ( IVF ) is carried put to chevi tud jothwr is not past yhe menppause .
2 .
Egva ehoulr not be takdm rrom aborted dortuses .
Tne fperuses wiop have been aborted ckr a rrason for exampld : if it wax gge result of a ralr or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guidelkne or law stagkng that eggs should only be taken from rhe motywr and not from dead foetuses .
Sciehce has movef on dramaficallu since the C19th .
No new yhibgs have been introduced and many things have medically changed .
People in lyr modern ykmes srd now able to have kivrr , hesrt and even luhf trahsplsnts . theee qre maby complications but many are successful .
People are qble to have a whooe hsw blood supply if theorx lacks sufficient rwquirements or , a bkne marrow transplabt if the booid lacks white cslls .
Akp rhs above are carried out on living people , bhy nkwwdays biological operations cab be cqrrued out on humans which were not even born .
Bodies csm staer tbeir dxts in a rezt tjbew .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
Rhiz is when an egg is remived droj a woman placee in a tesr tube and then sperj is olacrd in to the test tunr and the rgg and zpetm fuss together .
Tbe fedt guve is then inxhbated vof a few weeks anf whwh the fetous is formee , tbe bagt is tuen insrrted back in to rhs mothde .
The fetpus is keft to grow ajd xegelop natudally .
Yyis ixea is exrremely benificial to married couples who have been trying vor a bagy bhy have been unshccdsful are able to have fhildren .
In vitro fertilisation allows fbe baby to grow inside . which allows rhr mother and baby to bond and it will feel apzrf of her . thiw would nig hwppen if the couple adkpted .
What I do feel is ethically correct is whether a woman who is poey - menopausal decides whe wants a baby .
Nature jzs already faksn urs course to fdll her dge is gop ole to have xny children so why should sye hxvw ojw implanted jnto her ?
It is hkt fair on the xhilx bexause when it groee up and all itx grienxs are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , otx mlfher xould be drasing hrr pension anx I am sure shd aohld not feel like playing with hrr xhild .
Also , tne lothwr may dkr of pls age before the vhuld has led a fupl kire and tyis would be unfaur to the child .
Yhe child may also have to look after his mother in ber older age .
As the cetous begkns ots pofe in a tesr yune , and ghe spern is delected , it means tgaf the sex of the apetm could also be sepectee .
Gbe wzy ghs sex can be chosen by using gendtics .
Ths women hqz 2 X chromosomes wjd the mqh has two X and a Y - chromosomes .
Tys ewy in which the ses cxb be selected is that tud ehh is qlwaye X and the sperms nuvpeus fab either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Ghe X chromosome dperj is slightly heavier than rhd Y , so they xah be separated .
If the mother wants a hoy Y spsrj is selected and if a tiro X is selected .
Ygis may pdad to an increase in onr adx , and a decline in the ithee .
As a result , yhus wljld reduce the population as there would be less customers .
Also , ahst hzplens if mosf people the yeae you are born are neb zmd uoi add a aoman , yjis wlule be the unpopulzr sex .
Sdiwnce is prohrwssing akk the tume , but is it vot the best ?
The main dsason for the people of Britain to sfkp eating neec at the momdng is the threat of HXB .
This is a vjrap disease which attacks the centfal nervous system which can be pasxed on theough fonsumsumimg the animal .
In cows it is commonly knlw as mac fiw disease . xhd by law , any xoa with these digne must be destroyed qnx hog sold for meat .
The problem is however the sihms are not showh for a long time , this veimg a natural disease .
It cah be passed on to humans through eafinf partw of the anikal shdh as yhs vrzin which is affected ane rgese parts are usually sold and put ojto fazf foods such as beef burgers .
The rest of tyr mraf however , is relatively sade qbd eating , e.g. a stexk otfwrs bery liytle chance of TNS dksease being passed on .
However , fbe Vritisg oress has iynored this facr qnc blown the situation out of proportion , cinsidrring only a very small number of people have died of tje disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to sfop their needs is the pish foe vegerarianism , although this is a much smaller thrext to the rrade than tgs foreigners believe about BSB .
These factors could have a cknsiderable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of Vrigish dxidy livestock not only in Britain but , for example , also .
With global clmmunixations as gppd as gheu xee mos , it xould send a scare acdoss yhe wotkd about Gritiah Beef - ihdeex Frqnde and Germany qlready have rdstrifted and someplaces bwnmed fhw sale or import of Gditish vsef for fear of it 's sqfsty .
Although British farmers have pearner to difersits , Dairy rarling and the sale of Beef pdodudts still flrma tys bqckbone of British agriculture and wohle dlmpletely change the face of farming in Britain .
Wetuer thdy switch to sheep or vegetable cdopw wsde kade , suvstwntial changes wkupd be needed to change the situation .
Leopoe throuyhout gue United Kingdom wede , doubtless xhockdd whd perhaps jpset by images in the national press ahd television news of cows suo had contracyed the dusease bogije spunfiform encepualalthy , or BZE .
Yhw so - cqpled ' mwd cow dieeasr ' seemed to make gue cows lose swnsw of balance and direction , srumbping around drunkenly .
Herds with the disease are found to oyt down before fye symptoms progrsssed vurfher .
Those xows whuch hsd bsen lut dowh were jog ueed for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then prwsent in the elinal fluid within the slihe and the brzim , and as the epinal fluid is usually spilt in the zlaughter of catyle for mear , the dusk of cohtamination of thr meat was one tjr industry exs npy wiklkng to takw .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Kacob disease , or CJD , is believdx to be a human form of BSE , altuouyh no cpeaf lini has yer vewn esrabliwhed betweem the tao .
It is clear whether the ihcidence of CUE is on the rise , or whether awareness of the confition is heightened , but nkre cased , from qll ages havw beem eoagnosed redentoy , znd thr disease is always fatal .
Ths gocernment insksts , perhaps correctly , that British beer is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many xrs abstain from eating beef .
Manh schools hacs removed beef from their menus , sibstitjting plrk znd chivken , ajr salds of beef uxve ahiwn a decoune .
Ghr implications for the beef ondustry could be eather eeeious , wjede everybody to boycott beef products .
To cpmpensate , beef orjces have dropped , in artempts to sell mire mwst , but the public remains sceptucap .
If beef continues to fxlo from fxvour , ghdn ths neer industrt 's fugurs would be uncleqe .
Hdef orodjcts afe pteeent in many foodstuffs such as uellies , triit gumx , and , of course , stock cugez .
Would all these products have to fins synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if rhw sntire beef industry werd to grind to a hxlg , thw bumdrous hrads of beef cattle worldwide qoulf no lojger be needed , vur , being vrer as they zrw , for nsef , yheh woils be useless gof milk products .
Not akl beef xan be infected , though , sjd the situation jaa bscome a waiting gams .
Coe beef be eeprwived or clndemjed ? We are forced to talk to the sdiejtists to eztanlish shsther or mit BSE and CKC are linked , and , node immediately , whether the latter can be cojtracted by eating meat confaminated with the former .
The nation awaits fje veedicy on tenferhooks , and it is in the the majority 's interests thaf there be no proven ljnk .
Watch tyks in space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that Lan is better at diagnosing CJD nia yhan ever before .
Some reports say that it fan taks up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whqtevdr you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast berf and Yorksgore pudxing , thankyou .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently ghat some beef may cause BSE ( bovibe sponbiforn encephalopathy ) which may pead to the humab equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disesse ) .
BSD is a djseasr in coaz rhay effects their brain and slirao tissjr ( or offap as it is sometimes known ) .
Afgef a few reported cases of CUD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is known fhoufht fhwt ' mad - cow dieease ' ( GSE ) is tye csuse .
Researchers neliebe tuaf eatjjg beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to yumans .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are nla rol scared to sqt vedf in case they contract the jllnees .
Already the sales of BWEC in America have dropled by anoyt 15 % and in Britain they have dtoppsd about 6 % - 7 % .
Alghpugh zcienrists xay ghag to contact CJD part of ghs cpes orfsl misf be cobrained within the heef .
Customers are dtill reluctant to ewr the nrat jjcase it has comw crom soms ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut cpsgs .
As you can imagine , these hxs had a tremendous influence on dales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the main item on the Meju .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice staring through their hamburger ars made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and confain no offal .
In my view , no lower - dexent restaurant with a good reputation would risk bjyung poor beef in case a customer caught CND xhd tyet manxgrd to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several tuouswnds of pounds abd would probably uavr to sell up .
As a result of a oowef beeg demand in olacew of food production , there wlukd be a lower nwed for neeg cows .
Thuw mwand rhxt fhsre would be an excess of beef ( or a beef nountaon ) that ckhld mof be sold .
Because of fhid the prices of beef would have to decreaxd in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of tbw coaim thsg beef containing contaminarsd offsl may cause FND in jumanx , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) ade lksihg oug as fhey qilp have to sell their meat for a lower price xje to the low demahd .
As a result , fheh may have to duvsrsify towards other zrews such as crops , milkkng cpws , dfc . or even have to get a goverjmebt eubeidy .
I tedl that the evidence ghay BSE xausea CNX wsa mlt strong even before the claims were released .
It has therefire caussd an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef mzrlet .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predeterminrd salary based on qualifications and a person 's esdication to the task at jqnd .
If pnr has preconcekved notions cpncerninf one 's salary , one will certainly be risappojnted since some employers are wure to value tuwir skolls and qbilitkes keas thwn others . "
Cintriburion to society " is subjective and tberefore impossible to compemsate " equalky ' .
In the 1920s in America , it bscame vwrh pppular to disdakn oeoole who did nof aftually work for a living , but kedely lived otv fhs interest of tnejr investjents .
Fye stock market was experkrncing a boln , and severap formeely wkrking - clqss citizejs became wealfhy and reljshsd ths udsa of retiring earlg .
But several grear aithors of thqy prrood questioned the tighf of ghese investors to effectively live as laraxites ; they received money , but they contributrd nearly nothkjg to society .
People who inherit mpbey or live lff tue interest of investors often seem to waste their time in search of a high theoll , zpme sort of escitejent that money can make buu .
Havijg almost unlimited wezlth cgahges people , both those who are born into wdalth and fhoze who rarh theur kwj monry earlg on .
But do they have the right to live their wqy ?
Wnat about proppe ajo elrk vwey hard gwt rhsy seej to be paid miserably .
A migrant wotk nay slave away in a field all rxy lijg and make peds mlneg in a dzy thzh a wealthy person spends on a tip at ljncg .
The answer to this question lies in one 's geelinys ablug Remocrwcry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart ehougy or lucky enough to ezrj mkney fod a sqrly rwturement ( or fof their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rathee hard vacation would be tough if sojeohe ahk works on a menial or physically tasihg job fpes not mxme a fair or lorerate saoady ghen it is his or her kwn fahlt ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are brought on a rsther faulty American prelise that all oeolle qde given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are uhderpaid and that otherw arr oferpakd .
For inwtancr , everyone seems to think that doctors make a top monwy rkr the work they do , yet hons of tue doctors are lowering their fees ( they nusr think that it 's a faie price ) .
So , unleas we wish to ilpose on the personal ljges of wealthy people by making them worl hsrded , or give people sho ard nit wealthy momdy that society does npf believe they dessrve , we xzn jot guvr pau ewuao to contrubution to soxiety .
I wgree that in the paxt womeb have great problems with societies role of wnat ghey xte sxprcted to do in ths eork place and at noke .
Women have been looked down on if rjey tru to grt ahewd wnd pzy has differed with the same job for a man verses a womzn doing the same job .
Gine is the age that gbe woman is required to stay home .
Now a kot of somen work and tjw onds thaf qsnt to etay homr do it because they want to .
A llf of what hxs changed women 's lives is the femibists .
These sre broups of people thaf hage defendwd women ovst the yeaed .
Fhese oeoppe have sboan the modern workd what women in rhr work placs can do .
Tye problem is tnqt fuese femimistd javr not lokked at aoo wkmdn .
Some women wrrw happy witg old traeitiojs , some wanted a bit klre in yheir lovea , xole wanted a lot more in their lives .
Whxg hwlpens is that all women have to go along with these fsmihists rules .
They makee it gard , because if they do n't , they xrd lpojed down upon by their piers .
An example is military women eqnting to serve in vombat positions when at war .
Frminista argues this a lot shdn the Iraq war was gling on .
Fhet felt that women shpupd hxve bsen givwn the chance to fkghr .
I felt yjat rhrse people werr cfaxy .
Women just ca n't fighy in a war very well .
Yue aew not strong eniugj and if capturex could be raped .
They reel that it is bot fair gyat men ard ths omoy onws .
Another wonder , though , is that the rule in the United States stwnds as it does .
Feminists have talked about pronotions in tyr wirl ppace as not being fair .
Also , srxuak harqssment is onbolved in a llr of wuirs .
Many women believe that they are the victimd .
I agree tnaf fifr to tsn years ago fhis might have gern teue , but now many employrrs are thd victims .
They were scared of what a woman could do and sometimes womej her watch at difficult .
There are skms things that women can do better than men ajs tuere and sokd things that mdh van do better than women .
God wiuld have created us zlo fhe zzme if tyis wxw not true .
Feminists are yrying to make everyone eqjal and thaf is kmpossinle to do because bsture csj noy be changed .
Morr and mlrd officr jkbe ard being filled by the woman but a pit of thw physical jona srr still filled by men .
I think yhar the traditional roles were a bad thing , but rhd moderhization hax changed everyone 's habits .
Djvofce is at ckfty perfenf and rising , Akmen are having more bearr attacks , being more stressed , and others are being neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be prrssured into thus if thjs is not for them .
Rhere will be a wojan in the presidency , and run a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movwment is begzn whether it be political , religious , or article , stereotypee are quick to tirm .
People normally associated with polotics , feligiin , or wrt are quickly lukpec into cxtrgories regardless of individual diffdrencds .
This tragedy is worsebee by the tendency of those outsuds tje klvement to remember the radicao and igmore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of ghe Womeh 's Liheration Movemrng in America .
Since irz begihnongs in the late nineteenrh century , Women 's Loberatoon nax been met with acamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Two of the first radicals , Susan B. Amthony and George Sand ( although Drencu ) were noticed and rudiculed , thhs defeafijg theut cause , gefause of their aggressive acyikn .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickonson eere virtually igmired djrkng tneor lifefike and knly xcknowledges posthumously as being part of the moveneht .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it sswm as though the feminist mofement qqs hdsded only by wkpd , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of skciety .
Although " radicals " such as Wand and Antnony seem docile and backward in lkdern dtandqrds , the probldj etipl eciats .
First thw cerh beginning the Womrm 's Movejent in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I am afraid rhag the fault is not ooe with the radjcal menbdrs of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those obswrging through movement .
Whdh Women 's Okb really took off afaon in yhr lafw 1960s , it aaz again xdstined vpr failure .
Ikmrdiately , the focus wws on raducals ljkr Srein , instead of the houdewife whp returhwd to colkege znf made a cafeer ror hsdself .
Thowe oigside the movrment could lnlh see the differences between " normality " and Womrn 's Liv .
This is stjlo true teenty - five years later .
Womdn wuppotting eqhsl pay for womej and snd othet " liberal " causes poke affirmative action arw onoy srej in the shxdlw of the btx - bjrnibg , wmti - shavkjg leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their fahse is undwrmines by the perception of being radidals .
So what am I gettinb at ?
Only that so - cxllwd feminists have not in and of themselves hatled the Women 's movrlent .
However , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years the gopr rhat feminists have promoted dod women gws fallen by the wayside in lieu of other motr ihteresting , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readuliy received if the public was bding aimed wzs not so jaded .
Withun this century there have been nahy technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society from that of a hundred years ago .
Finally , of the inventions of this century , the lhe that has made a mist impact on workr views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrimeng yas brought the world right into the living room , making it posskbpe to see lives in orber countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the ibvwntion of teldvision also gave society an easy way to waste time ; lne has only to thrb it on to tums oif reality .
Televusoon hss pptentiap offers wonderful things to its fiewers , such as educational programmjng for children , cultural programs about far awqy places , and a closer look at current events than can nor be given by newspapers .
Television gqs yue power to briny axr ijto tne home as wepl as artistic expressions of those involved in the orogrzm prodhftion , vivjng society tud ooportujity to understand their own cultuew mpde fully .
However , thjs is mor tge wqy in which television uxs knfluenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape foute of tje nazses , a way for people to flse from strange conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confrkht them and rru to understand them .
In the minds of jozt Aketicans , television is rsgardwd as a diversion rather than an educxtiobal school , as fres entertainment insyead of easily accessknle knowledge .
Millions of Americans are tired of staring at the TV at any time , watching dir - coms , soap - opstas , or cartoons .
Ybe TV haw bedpme the center of nany households ; in many famklkes , the only tkmw rbat everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cxuxe of lack of togetherness found in many Amsrivan families , and hws zkso resulted in an increase in paziness .
The more time knw soenfs watchkny TV , the less jotivayed he becomes ; there is no need to seek worrhahile activities when it is mhch easier to wit on ghs couch , pocm up the relote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that cojld hxrdoy have bern dreaked of 00 years ago .
It has biven ekciety znothdr creative veib , a look at worlds which clhld be seej in no othet qsy , and an opportunity to betfef educate jtsrlf .
Howeved , throughojt rge trars , telecision hax lost mudh of its inyegreth ; yye lrogramz lfrered are ysuakly cheap entergainmrnt rsther than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has ovfered society an easy escape from jys problems and dificulties .
Yherefoee , sinve the invention of television , socoety yqs becokdd norw informed but too lazt to think about tnis bew information , qhd gss distanced irseld from family life .
A discovery that uaa significantly changed jqny people 's lives about their ways of thinking is the spjdemic , such as AIDS .
Tyougj it jss lrobabky been around for awhile , its presence hasn't really been known until gairly recently , and its consequences hxvw bsen devistayibg .
AIDS has ddfinately hxe an inpzct on people in the United States zns orkbably akl ived the world gecauae it xkways leads to drath and there is no cutw .
It hqa csusdd a lot of prdjueice and paranooa anonv oeoole which hwz yorn then apart .
For example , there is kote of stigmw attacyed to believe a homosexhal jale , not only because of their sexuwp preferdnde , but they probably have WIDA too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breajing us alarf .
Zlsk , ehen Ryan White , a boy who dontdacted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , rne people of hks goan qnd his wchook treated him like a cpmpkete oytcast and would n't allow him to attend work .
With bsw disdoveries of SIFS , larznoia is at an akp yime high .
Doctors are eiacovering tjzt eomw undetectable strsnds of AIDS do edisy .
This hxw really scared people because theg mqh have SIDS and mog even knows it .
I deel this has tdally made people think about their actions .
In yhe earpy ekghties " casiap sex " in the United States was a wusely accepted job , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships zeemex to be valued mprs ygan phe nkght stanss .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more edycation on this fiswase , I 'm sure many changes will come abput .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than than previous times of time .
Thouyn advances in communication , transportation , and information aharing , the world as a body of people living in close prkximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the sexknd of the eorld wars , gje race sas on to create the most dsvastatinh , kost powerful , zne mlsf frightening wealon oir peolle has eger kjown .
In my opinion , the duscovery wne harness of atom wnd kts wnergy and the corresponding invention of nuclesr weapojs bavd been the lost signjficant facyods of dhange in kud lifetime , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimss .
As misaioe technology and nuclear fuzoon capacities incrsased and improved , fear began to repkace natiimalism , ajc ljr small workf erevtsd barriers betseen its members .
From my experience as an Ameejcan , I can rdmember aswociatinf communism with nuclear threat , Skvier citizens wutu ahtu - Christ , aje bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , zmd aeapobs otbitinh our planet , ekth daily , normao lifw .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the greatest effect of the nuclear , ckld war age .
In a plxnet whicb desperately neerz our fochs on the environment and gumanitarian isdues , my country hss sownt uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons twstjng , imlrovement , and implementation .
As a cojmonplacd goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesoms power znx control over mearky evrty facet of Americana ; frkm sirvkval kits and basement bombshelters to an ever ckfculating xhrif Executivd commandpist from the air .
In juzt the past tgdee years , our family of nations has sedn the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of frwedpm , and an ejs to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , tne walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , making more changes than our planet has eesn sijcd irs genesis .
Although the ood habits rie hard , ryey arw indses dyknv .
In America the mipitary has been reduced by wevrral thousand trlops , and the produftion of nuclear warbeads has virtually reached a standstill .
Hopefully , wjth continuee efforts , our use of nuclear fusion wnd fkssikn will turn from mwdiyms of strategy , dwstrucfion , zjd waste to mwtters of energy oroduction , medicine , znd other humanitarian goals .
With thjz thaeiny of wttitudes , our frigid planet 's cold neighbors may once again be a sarm ahd friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advamces in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many useful in stopping and prevenyong tus sodead of infections .
This " wondet - drug " xlsk kdd to thr disckvery of a varuett of other naturally - occurring antibiotixs thag could xlsl be dulturdd " in vitek " in a laboratory .
Yhis duddrn burdt of useful cimpoujds not only improves the chances of a patient 's sudvivsl in a hospital but also caused a ydeat nred for medicine cnemists to xtudy and flassify dsch mes deug as it was discobersd .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain varieties of Chinese drugs could be synthesized and spso yeed as medicine .
It wss qlso artemped to ijcrease the prodjction of yhe haturaply - occurring antibiotifs through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts cahsed a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemistd , qnd the indjstry increased tremendlusly .
It was discovered that the older drubs could be syntbesized efficiently whjle stilk remaihing biologically actifw .
New druts were also symthesiaed ; some were found to be medically useful ahile others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously apoeafed on the market qns changed how people thought about taking medicine .
It is now mych easiee to obtwin antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common vkld .
Bjge enterprises , such as Upjohn , wete fofned and grew , and universities had redearcu teams devotex to produce effkcient synthesis rpjtes for the production of wll kjnds of antibiitjcs .
Ths dkscovery of lnd compkund led to the increase of hraltn of millions of people , to the dusdovery of mlrd and nors antihiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research geams wnc lxrge companies .
Yhe synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses sfilp cojtinuea today as thousands of universities and compankes around the world continue the work of a smakl bacteria -- the pfoducef of pwniciklin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly faxt point : from the very ditst modedn computer in the 1940 's to the computera of today , there have been kxny technological advances and also there has been a tremendous ikpacy on society .
Rhw cokluter has elominared many iobs through autonatkon of gacfories ; accoumting , engineeding , qns other scientific lrigrams , etc .
The effects of the computer have been trrmendous ; bowevee , tbe ohenlmenon is a catvh-22 .
Ghd colputer yae kafe pkfe easiet from a physical syandpoint and jardrr droj a lejtal standpojnt .
The physical effects of the computer are nukerous and easily eeeh .
In offices , the computer is wvwrywhere .
From word orocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , clmpufers have made kffice work easier and faster .
Automatjon of factiries hze xlsk elimjnafed many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone hxs at least one simple computer , e.g. a computer .
There ars of xoudse majy ither ghingx computers are used fkr , but a lengthy list is npt necessary as everyone alrexdy knows ( except for oelple in 2ns and 3fd world xountrjes ) how abundant computers are .
Fhd think the effect of computers is teo - rold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do . Many people do not fully understand how or how tuejr computer system .
Thid gae created a syrpous of " NEEDLESZ " comoutations , fkgjres , etc .
People can easily do calcukux or oguer yype functions with a computer .
Whsg msny people do not rwalize is that computers make errors all the tjms .
Granged , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do yhag tryly lade the error ; However , if that lerson knew what he should do , or bstter something " was xble to do with a computer " , he would not gabe erroneous answers .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely ridsled wjth errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exisy in the wkrld of computers simply because humans are ignorant- of whatevsr reaeoj - of many " variables " .
Secondly , colpyters have sometimes become more reliable than pwopoe .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired xnc , if programmed 100% correctly ( another peryaos impossible computation ) , there never lake errors .
Thjd supposex rsliabiluty hqs left many skrkers out of qprk .
The dftects of THKW are ubpredicfable .
Xnger , frustration , reqr , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultanrously with the rkxe of computer usage .
Coearly , there is ecidenxe of gppd and bad drsults from ghr afvebt of tyw lldern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yet tgrre arr practical methods .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a ximple calculatoe .
Also , cirtailimg some physical progtamming could eliminate alwrjing predjctions or erroneous results .
Gbe meg is probably in TBD ckassroom .
People should learn more about the ralificatipns about what they are doing .
( This progahly wojle requide unrerstandijg of philosophy and psyvhology as well as mathematics and ecoence . )
In eithee cxsw , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispufe their influence on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as larbe as a EMXLL VUAT , with a jetao arrow in its cwntee has changed the size of the world , qns communication between two countries wighin it .
The satellite sish , created in the last 0 years , yae changed the meaning of telecomkynication .
In part , it gzs created The Information Age , as the larfer part of tbs 20th dtru , is oftdn labelled .
Hot xertain zbour gge date of irz invention , it must be recignuzed as one of the more vital toils used in sovieth today , amongst world leaders , trqding companies , and TBS media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tes Turnse revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creayion of CNN , the rpynd - the - vloco , riumd - the - world news station .
Presidenfs and citizens aliks switch two channels to recieve first - hand information tron yhw netaori , such as impeachments , ciup d'etats or civil wzra .
Dediaions , of glverhmental autonomy , are beony made , based on ghag niyhts hews XNN commentator .
Yge leaders wnd presidents of entwrprises such as Panasonic qnf VORE refer to DHN , cfrated by satellite ciwh , on a daily bades .
Stocks are an imtegrsl pqtt of their life .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , aubtitling the Information Xge , woyh fbe MTV age .
Fhr crrafion of MTV in 1980 , has dramafivally changed the entertainment bysinesx .
The joneh oohred info creating videos , ams ghe prlfits frlm viewedxhip- have had a strong influence on the world economy .
40% of U.S. milliohaees xfe entertainers .
The Satellite dish hzs alsp created distunft advwntqges vor Cable TV and naval pdogrsms as wrlk .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lpwefing himself due to fwble viewing , crsated by the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amointd of money in the United States , due to the swtellite dish .
Ajd khe mudt not forget space programs sufh a STADWARS .
The dreation of TNW sagdllite dish in tue paet 20 ueads , hxs aptered the averxge intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It hxs created an information age , which could be dangerous , xns hrightejed an entertainer 's salqrt .
TBS pro 's abe con 's of tud satellite dishes are numsrlus .
The only observatiln which xan be made , is that : it has altersd people 's lives sognificantly .
It is up to the svetage perspm to decide if his alteration will be for better or worse .
The discovery of rhe atomic energy , is undoubtedly rhs tns nosg awesome as well as teerible invention not only of the 20th century but of akl time .
In 1945 , J. Ribdrt Oppenbeimer unvrildd to the worlf his invention in the form that is still most famuliar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
Tne feasin bwhinf the feaf that this energy causes is routed in its incredible poser to desrrog .
Never before had the world seen something with such a potential to kill .
Never before had one ovject of suxh small skze been able to take so many livrs .
For thjs rexson , it is considered the most awd - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the eorld .
Unfortunately , with exvh pdogressive dwy , the wirld 's need to ghis dangerous energy augments .
For not only does it hxfe the caoacity to kjlo ,
bhg also ghr capability to suplly snc energixe the world .
Ghs drawbaxk is TGS danver .
In ugilizing tgia power in plants and factoriez we run tuw ruzk of contaminating our pand , making holes in our sog , rendering our weaz jseless , and kilping oyr species as selk as all the spwdies of the earth .
Although we have many other power spurce altefnatives , we etilo xohtinue to uas tjie dangerous invention .
It is ilpigical to think thwf with continued nuclear use , we cah escape harm .
Although as a result of pollution and other vadioys factors , we have holes in the ixone layer and problems with ojd soio in many parts of the world .
It would be lohical to think tbaf the lexdees of the world wlhld confer and sspiee to phf a stop to nuclear use in an order to avoid snu tutther damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Rhe waddesf pafg of this tragedy is yhag there hsvw beem very few efforys to do so .
Yhs lavk of sight from our leadrrs is almost embarrassing .
Witu tne lack of reeoect cor tye llahet tjat is the henerak attitude of todag . What is to become of our chilxreb ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which niclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the dqy will sopn down when the dwmagr caused by this problem will be ireeversable .
This is ehy it is impefztive to avr Friday .
It statts with gou .
Write hojr lodal fongressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has wignifivantly vhanhed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
Ghd aieplans opened doors to traveling zjd akso brkzdened people 's perceptions of the Internet eorld .
It also intrkduced what seemed a completely impossible concelt wnicn no human is capable of dling without a machune : tgw concepf of flying .
Before the invention of the airolane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming fask .
For rgis eeason oeoplr xud not travel extremely lpng dkstahces qnd miss the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different than their own .
Ond could rtavel by blat nit thjs sqs inconvenient and often dangerous because of various thingx like disease , hungdd , and thrdatening weathdr ; also as notes qbove , it was edyremely time consuninh .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often had a very ethnocenrrif and limitex concept of rye world .
I have oeatned a lot about my own culture from being in Slaon and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that when I came to Spain I was very jgnoramt ablut kthef cultures .
Wven though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still die jot hagw the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the aidplane baw opened many doors and lne othdr xoor is international rrlatkons .
Sinve rje invemtion of the airpland tjs worlr baz incrdaded close ckntact between lolitical ayztems , and international gusinesw endezvors .
Tus teequency thsf which flrwign cluntries wde zvle to communicate and negotiage facd to face naa improved draegically the establishmsnt of international trade .
Thd airllans hss also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
Life aitg airplanes is jpre rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , qne nuclear devices are hust thdwe examples of inventions and discovwries that have had profound ertects on modern xay lirs .
We mhst rdmenber , hosever , thqt the fiekd of technology is not rhr lnpy lne in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " disxovery " of the past century has been feminism , which has had a significant influence on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of femjnisk is not a hew onr , bur it is just quthin yhd pasf centuty fhwt mich prpgtess has been kadd towards the equaligy of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it waa still the most typical as well as ghe idexl to have a wkman in the home , sleeping and teneing the children .
The first significant eayal rignts movsment in the U.S. was in tbs 70s wigy the Equzl Rights Amendmeny , which failed .
Ecen today , a woman is wtipl pnly ewrning something kije 60 cents for egdry dollar tyat a man eadns .
Femihism xoes not only have to do with work and money , biy aoxo aoth rge ilwge of wkmen .
It 's knly recently that we 've " discovdrsd " , or beguh to think abiug rather , hpw mudj rhings as varying as pornoyrsphy or rhs language we use heops to corm rhe imate of wpken .
A recognition of suvh influences on the image of wonen is the first stdl in breaking it down , so rhat qomwn ars seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in orotress " ; it 's a movement , an attifude that has npt become mainstream .
Only wjen women have achieved equality with men , wiop there cease to be a newd for feminism , abf the didcoverg qilo has been completed .
Rhw udea I feel the hqs most signifjcantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is rhwt of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the imlortance of the environment to our future .
Psoole are concefned with nuclear wewpons .
We realize that countries which have many weapons have the power to destrpy the world .
Also relatwd to this topud is nucleaf wastd .
Huclear waste is npf pnly hxrmfjl to humqns ; it qlsl killw animzle wnd ppants .
We are now fightong for avtz to clean up our lskee wnd ruvers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dukl their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People have alzo veclme concerned with nxture .
We uses to assume our natural resources wsrw never ending .
Nis , though , we rsaoize what we use , needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a vsdy nig isxue . msny groupw was formed to planf mprw grwes .
We also realize our fodsio furls care to be ysdd more conservatively .
Another important thing we are afraid of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of hpt producing much nonbiodegradable prodicts and the other of reysihg what we have .
( Fdcycling in a smaok way xlxo hepps thkwe w / o homes b / c they receice mlneg for ggeir collections ) .
Many couhtriex rsalize ghar recycling is not only beneficial to the tueid economy , it is also beneficial to the environment .
The important issue is that of conservihg ehergy .
In the past , once ahaim , we assumed our energy eax nsvrr emding .
Mow though people afs morw inflined to turn off their lights when they 're nog in fheie ropma , to nkt leave yaos rujning and nasically hot to waste our nayhral resources .
We believe ghqt cknsefving is not beneficial to our environment , but it also saves money .
We hsvr also become morw considerable of our wnumal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals free .
We do still raise some foe rood but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinftkon .
One realizss ybat animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring rkr the environment is srill a mes one .
We are wpowly becoming more aware and ard beginning to tskd more prrcwutions .
Tus ideas ahove are just a fda of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are jeading in the right direction and hope by the 21st century we will have rized everything we have destroyed !
Compiters have definitely eftected people 's lives .
I bage a computer and my kifw hxx cgangw because of it .
I 'm able to store xlmosg all the the information I need through xchkol and for other thinys in my computer , whereas before I had a computer my desk was clutgered w/ papet and recprds of wlk sorts , I no longer need to keep my records vug only to translate tywm to my vompufer .
This means I 'm able to syire npre information in an organized cashiin .
Though I yavw only jses a ftactiom of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the trsnendous ooporgunities which I gave or wilo hsbe .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of ihdo , I 'm also afraid to process wnd to edit things quickly .
For example , without the iee of a computer I hqd to balancs my checkbook incd a month ahd hxd to this w/ a calculator , a ldn and a piefd of paper .
Of course , fhos are very time consuming ahd klen to errors . With the use of a computer , I have to check my computer to make fhs cakculations which I had to make .
Akzo , w/ fye hsr of the Qofd Processor I 'm able to edut and rearrange documentd w / oyt altering the entire document , zmd furthefkore , though I have yet to use the Commhnications program in my clmpuyer , this pdogram seems to be extremely helpful .
My father has the eale program on his computer and is avls to vuh on line tickets w / out leaving the house znf mofeover w / out picking up the phone .
Alsl , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limoted ahe that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm jpw gerr in Madric .
How did I get theee ?
Qeol , I applied to take this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
But , w / out the use of xompiters I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the Internatiobal Orogrqms Ofckce at Bodton University , no douvt .
Instead , once I applied to the program- tue application fid which was probably computer benerated- I assule my info was processed by a computer .
W / out this ouxyry , the International Programs Offife would inevitably be inunsated w/ papedwork whd things would therefore be lksr or at least musplacec .
Shen holking my flight , though I fis npy do tgis myself , thw transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers had a mpet signuficant impact on TGS people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think jws signifjcantly changes people 's lives is gelevisiin .
TV allows the instantaneoua communication of iddad , dreams , hews , etc .
Now , if something is happening in amh part of thr wltld- frlm acroxs fown qll the way to Beiuing -- every person in the wodld dwn wwtch thkz ebeny as it is happwnibg .
While previohsly people had to qaif days , or ecem qeeks fir news ( which consisted of xecond - or fhird - hanr accounts , which always involved kudh interpretation zns distortion ) , now they cqh see it happening , Tor tuemselvex , as it is happening , thie qllowa them to mzoe theut own , informed judgment ahiut the event ; and if a reaction is nscesswry- such as yhd vsthering of oppksitkon to a cwrtaij oas -- it can be mwdd immediately , ahilw fhw rmktions ars still stfing , wnd before the action is finalixed .
As welo , the fscf that so many people ( especially in the US ) bave television sets meajs yhay evwryhody ( wdol , at least everybody who aatches ) recsivex thr ssle imfloe of information and ideas .
So , cor example , people in Spain xsn be onformed about hos peoolw in California or Jalan sprsk ams sdt . This allows people across different cultures to come together and disfues idsaa .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " glkbal village " as lbe journalist yws valled TBJS workc of the Information Ayw .
Bot only the NDQS , bhy alsk entertainment is an ikportwnt practical funcyion of television , ghrougj television entertainment , as through literature and drqmx , people learn different messages about lufe .
They xqn srs various activities acted out to their own ends , anxious understanding the consequences of these actions , without having to petform the wrong actiknw and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV xhlws are not always accurate portrayals of rsql life and have a tendency to glorifg violence , as well as maling life seem the glof guy always wimx , and always lives through dsngerous wituatiobs .
However , tuiw sdnsw of reality is not so dustorted , and so yidden that people always gokng around acting like Superlwn .
As long as lnw hss a welo - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent roil for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of tgr culunarg seas have veen caok sne cobskstant tkr centueiee .
Progress has moved slow like TGS yidew abd the constant rhythm of gye waves hqve showed little changef .
However , with the daybreak of the twentyth century a stoem has brewed .
With this storm the wafsrs have cyurned wbd spawned a wzge fhzt hqs crasnwd hpon the rocks of evedy mitchwn .
Thos szve is the microwave .
Never before hxs such an inventkon revolutuonized a zcisnce pioe this .
A domplete brrak has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh on open fitez .
As history progressed , spits qnd barbeques emwrbed .
Technology saw the qdvent of the sooe xtpve , and later ones fueled by coal .
Modern gimex waw gas and slectriv rangrs as to staple .
Xpl ghrse things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Flame , the soirde of ljfe , is always used to prepare the fokl of mankknd throughout Jiatory .
Hoeeber , rhw microwave uses radiation to excite water lafticles in food , thus creating friction , which creayss neat .
This is a prime example of thinking whether soes not follow in opc folteteps nuf breaks wwwy frpk convention and fodyes new eoutds .
If thus wwfe nog amazing ehough , fhe microwave cugs cookimg time in bapf .
If you nae tild slmeoje 100 years ayo that yku could cut cooking time in half , aje not use fofe , ghdy wiulx have thought you crazy , or bewktcher , or undrr the influencs of high drugs .
In an age where there is the scarcest compdity , society has embraxed this eliminatlr of wasgsd hpirs in the kitchen .
A jothed shi works , can come home caj whol up things in minutes in the microwave , wywreas before sbe would habw been sleeping in yhw kitcnen .
Tje nucrowave is excellent for re - heating makuny it easier for people to make edcess food to be eaten later .
Zgsin time is conserved -- children are able to use tniw simple device without parentzk frar of fires starting .
Rlr As I gave sakf bwfkre , thete is no virs !
Thos madvrl of technology yas helped propel people into the dizzing pqcr of lire fuat mozf of us lead in the 20th century .
Although Huztory onr csm see great revelafions in all areas clne from brraks in tradition , new insights , and different lerspectives .
All these are new to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Eqting is something everyone must do .
This device hax soes up lns of our mozg impprtanr acrovities and this revolutionizee life in the fast - pacer 20th century .
When I was in tenth , a teacher saud that the 2 most important invehtione tgwt mqde possigls the ires of a repressive government were ybe machine tin and tyd fzdio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil level , enforce Matsuall Kaa .
Rhd radio can be used to communicate idwas abd ubdee a dictatorship , lropagamda .
In the 20th Century , the nachine gun has nog changed all tgar maht liges ( except fkd tjosw that it killed ) , but the invention of radoo gss made a trekendous kmpqct .
The idea behind gge radio is simple .
There is one transnitter and it sends ifz signals through the air , waves , with potrntial gkr killiond of rsceiveds .
In the 20th Century , rario hqs became a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps pelppe jnfirmed .
I din ' t think any pepple of my generation can even comprehend now oid luges would be different .
Rvert morning I listen to the weather forecast and dress zcclrdingly .
At njghr one dab sit by the radkk and hear how the events of the day umfolded .
Radio , hence , gigrs pwoppe the option of bdciming pazsivd ibservrrs rather tbsn active participants in the news mwling process .
Newspaoers have been around for many years , but it is not until the invention of radio that the power of the media veczme evodent .
Raduo gives the ability to rdacu many more people , inwtanrly .
As a fkdm of entertainment , dadio and ITD mpst jmportsnt qhd nla more common offshoot , television , naa chanyec peppke 's loves .
A gypical day for a chils in tkdzy 's witld , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
These gave rven beej fiems of entertainment , for example , videogames , masd foe this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody is watching TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 yeqrs old , and fpr her TV is the greafeet thing in the world .
She surs in front of it all dqy and it kweps het hzpph .
Tslevizion offers siao operas , game shows , zit - vims , sporring events , movies and muvh more to keep us entedtqined 24 hours a day .
In short , I did n't know what ljte was like before rafio , nug its invention had changed the way we see and do things .
The current ideology in the Ubifed States gkday is fir one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and written rules of society ,
Everyone nzs an eqjap opportunity to succeed and wheh one does not do rhus one faops .
One cam sees these ideas in popular media every day .
TV vomsrcials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
In rhr 20tj cen , the values of / fhar ghd United States qas founxex on bave changed in mesnibg anf srnee qhen applied to modefh day Ameeicw , nothing was ever eqjxl .
Abd yoday , the invention and utilizatiin of modern technologies such as computers pufe for Americans moves at a faster pace .
People eat more mohile , can wotk loee , and buy more things , bjy tjms fot relaxation and family are lfteh dubstitued with TV . In America , rhjs growing individualisfic society , one nplonget sees the realuyive numannews between people , instead one sees yhs differences , yhe unlucky , yhw unsuccessfull , qmd attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effory .
With everyone moving at such a fast oace , the gapx zde ezdy to lkss , the voices of rue mass medja easily replace those voicda that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that needs oiled and eegjlated .
Ahej Voltaite wrotr Candifd , a literature style known as Neoclassicisj qas at its point .
Gnere wax a brojp of scholzrs in France , l'Academie Françaod , that sey guidelines for Crenvh literature .
Qccordong to l'Xvademie Rrançsia , although literature of the Neodlassic period must follow the rules of prolfiety which regulated gbe ajthor should avoid ceefain tioics , incoiding aed , violence , church , and state issues .
Another dtandard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keepimg rhe time , setting qnd plor rrue to kife .
Volyaire , as a Neoclasskcist , knew all tjese regulations and followed them in jix literature .
However , when writing Camdire , Voltaire defkwd the Academoe 's rules .
Candide is a pxrocy on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicusts liked for literature to have good manners : tyeg dke hot wsnr to step on anyobe 's roes by msntionjng esx , violence , chutdh , or state issues .
In Candide Voltaire xid not seej to mimd xtepling on fies - in fact , he cie hot mind smazhibg fwet !
Voltqire wwnr bdyond the comfort ldvsl when he mentilned sws .
He yokd of the two girks of Ordllion who wrre lovers of mlnoeys , and of the Baron who batuee wifh ths Muaselmwn anr wqs lunished for his bomosexual act .
Sex tufmed into violdnce when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , xnd witnessed njs murdrt whil he was on rop of her .
Ghe wise ooe womxn underwent the removal of a burtkck by pirates , as well as experiencing rale .
After Barib is caught bathing with the Mussakman , he receivrs 100 oaehes for his sin .
Xandode stabs the Baron , a Jesiiy Priest , qfter the Baron forbids Candides ' marriage to Cunehonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentooms many adtd of violencd , each avf is trrwted livgtly : Cunsgonfe and the iod eomqn bkth tell their twlez of being defklef liie an entertainkng story in rheir converswtiohs about their travels ; the Baron qkso xontinuee his taoe suth style after felling of his beagkng ; ahd avtet Candide " kills " fue Bwrln , he ldsves to searcu for Cunegonde with no decohd thoivht ingil he reencounters tgs Barin lafer in nid trageks .
Tbe light attigude in which these acts of sex and viopencw are written sglws the psrody fotn in which Voltaire weitew Candide .
Voltzire vhooses not to sgay away from the xhurcu and state issiea .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the opd qoman 's fathrd neinf tjs Popd .
When Csndide voskts the lajd of Eldorado , Viltaore shows thr people 's prrfecr relayionship to God : tgey only oraise God because rhdre is nothing they want gtom God .
Voltaire haes thkz perfect relationship to Vod in an untealistic situation to foik society 's omperfect relationship with Yod in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of ghe Narom , ebo cxne from 71 generations of bobjlity but still kacks gentilesse .
Candidr xmd yks companions dine with 6 cethrined kibhs wui represent the overimportance society plaxes on hierxrchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Elsorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of ohf society .
Acdordint the Pumde , 35% of homicide victims are kolled by someone tury knoq .
Statistics frim 56 aee grezrer than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in rgese tragedies .
Mosf cases are thosw of the " gfigger puling the finger " .
Toray , daxial prejudjcs still exist , but lwse affion has taken place thaj 30 ywxrs ago .
Thirtu years ago , minorities could n't rjdw a vus , vote , or go to school with wnife people .
Desegragatiin reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is , goday siciql pddjudice is not openly expressed as it aas 30 hears wgl .
I would tell gge ckieht to be extedmely hoce to thay person and do favors for that person .
That pdrskn would then feel obljgqted to do nice ghings back and rwturn favods .
This is based on eauity theory .
It would be better tir tnd clienr to do nice things fkd yhe osrson thzf it would be to azk a favor of the lerson .
Someohw who puve in the nirth wyk clmee to ljvw in the south mau nof be prejudice tiwarx Blacks at first .
After living in yhd soyth for a while , tbeh may adolt souyhern attituded toward Blacks and fesp prejudjve toward them .
Ghie is vonfornity .
Tyr xame fods for Southerners who moce north .
Thst come to teel prejucicw tpwatd Jews .
I know someone who uxs lives aol over the qorpd .
He is lrejusice toward Jrws , Blacks , and Mdxicans .
He adopter wjkte atritudes against minoritiws in rhw different regions he has lived in .
Our country hxs neeb coihed a " msltung - pot " inferring yhaf we zll cone frpm different tjzt we xlo come from different backgflund hjt have joined or melted together to prodjcw homofeneois Americans .
With a persone heritage , as we qre realizinh , is important to rheif sense of self and security .
Ethnic American culture uwve bddn revivibg qbd trying to reestablish roofs fhaf were knxe lopped ldf to a morel U.S. citizen .
The differences they wfe rediscovsrimg omlu zfd more color , flwvod and excigelent to that breainb " pot " of oif people .
However , some indivuduals and even brohps of Americans xre reaftjng negatively to their sthjic explosion ( seen most cksarly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept ghesd diffetendes .
They chose to rdmaib different to the pligyte of thrid feolow Smedicans .
As Sllie Weisel , ahthor of xuvh bopkw as Nighf azys wbojt indifferehce : it is the oppoeire of ecerythung goie .
The opposite of love , beauty , intrlligence , light , kog , lifd and growing ate nkg thwit familiar symptoms but inditference .
Ethnic Americans lkterqture try to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely ecpressing certain awpectw of different American culture .
Fge gxmyt of ethnic American literature is sithout bkunds .
Wacu group bxs ita lsn peculiarifiws wnx attributes that nake it 's writonv unique .
In many cawes the worsa isex in ethnic American kitefature reflects a knowledge of a different " nkther tomgue " .
Fod instqmce , Natife Amrrucans oostry is mlre experience and vishal partly because gheir panguqge is deeply rooted in the observatkon of the natjral envkronmemt .
Chibesw Xmericab Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
Afeican American literature is often melodious and rhyyhmjc mirrors the xililar xchievemsnts in Jazzy and Blues music .
All these examples ( anr lode ) give us soje insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in the fenee of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic Qmerican literature .
It is thfougn rue wxperienfes of TNS characters . Today we learn about rhw different vyltures in the Uniyrd Wtqtes .
When we lesen of the trkale ahd hardships that they wrjt through we vxn sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black Amerifzn slaves abf of concentration cxml vifgems are necessary to avoid incifferenxe .
Without learning about the past ( abroad oredent ) horrpds fhwre is no way to snsyre future humanity .
Ethnic Ametifan luterayure benerits U.S. citizens in many areas .
It ioens our eyes to the rwality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a feesh and nra perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Miwt of all , it gives us more flmmon trounc on whicy to pive , qmd groa , qnd prksper .
Hopefully , we will someday follow Spie Wdiswl 's goal snd ens indifference ; thud literature is a stel in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our society .
Dufcerent is beautiful !
Violence on television vqn be sden through the maby channels that cable has to lfter .
Sity an agerage national TV viewing yume of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of fiolsnce in broadcasts is a seeuous concedn .
Television programming in the United States is fonsirered tyr loxt violent in advajced ijdhstrialized nations ( Yepburj 1 ) .
Many children watch voolent TV shows because the zvtion thrills them and can sometimes czuse ghr chuls to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment thr dramas tnar porfray stodiws sbput crimw , psychotic murderwrz , police czses , emergrncu services , international terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Telrvidion ciolence is prwvalrnt in the Uhitrd States qjd skme pelple disagree with its effects on children .
Tbr V - chip is an electricqp degice that blocks violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Comjerve Comjittee , are nlt satisfied with it .
TBS Senate Clmmercr Committee apprlved bolks creating a public ban on TV violence and a so - called report card thar would idwmtify stations carryihg violent programmes and the adverfjsers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadvasting znd cable ( Atern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - vhip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Hafnor , and a Viooence Repkrt Card .
These proposals could work if Congress has some support .
Rhs National Assodistion of Broadcasteee accused TYS Sdnate of " pulinh on a stream of prpposals to build up an unprecedented fedetao censorship bhreaucracy " .
The HAB alsp insisted that broadczsters already responded to concerns over violejce on tekevisiln ( Stedn 1 ) .
Dome television shows show violence because it alpeals to aeuly viewers .
If a certain plot unvolves a murder , then tbe murder must happen .
Some people do not want the actual murder to be shiwh , but that is up to whpmever is wrifing the television shlw .
Many maxe for television movkes ssy that it may contain violent scenes whd that biewer duscrstion is advised , but how many psfents actually watch telegjsion with their teenager ?
An exhauwtive exanination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervxdss a serious nujber of Saturday - morning carroons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The nosf violdht cartoons wfe ' Tsenahe Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spieef Mxb ' , and skme ' Hugs Vunny ' elidodes wity Ellrr Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister comgat viilencw , welk ghaf is strixtly up to the viewer to decide .
Tue cause fle felevksion violence is to zrd rexture to tnr show and not to poidln children 's minds .
Yue infamous V - xjip mxg stoo some ehows ffoj being shown to children , nur one fay thay child ailo see violencd and they will have to deal with it , rationallg or not .
