It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only no one has to know it is in t mnid .
When I wa ynuger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a teacher . I do n't know w .
I would like to study Psychology , because one ady I would like to one my own pyscholgoy clinic to help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and to , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll get it easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think public transport will always stop in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to u a bus or atix .
I consider it convenient to dvie a ca , because you acrr more tihgns in oyru onw cra than when travlelnig by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my exeprience , when I did n't have a car , I used to use the bsu to go to school a go back to my house .
In my opinion , it is n't necessary wehn you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realiz the improtanc of bulic trasnoprt .
In India , we have various types of bulic tranpsor , like bikes , cras , trains & palnse .
Dpeenidng on the distance and time to the edsierd destination , the mode of tranpsrot is chosen cacodringly .
But generally speaking , rtavelling by car is much more nu when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a rtpi htat I 've recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
It takes about 6 hours by ntaional highwa to go from Delhi to Gara .
We stopped at ohtels to ha food na just in csae ayn of us eflt uhngry , we purchsaed some sanck just ebfore th tpi .
Since , we have t option to stop time we awnt to when we travel by c ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to htta , we ac aslo tek a comfortbael sohrt an on teh bac sae and wa up fresh .
ofr the above - mentioned reasons , I am giogn to conulde that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My anm is Sraah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer cmasp .
I love children , and I enjoy looknig after them . Laso , I orgnaized many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cokonig .
My family think that my cooking is maaizng .
I ohep hope you give me the chance to ion oyu .
Thanks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . hwen I am on the ebach I like playing with my sister in the sea and we go in ht area .
It is great fun .
hwen I w yuong I liked playing with a ba in the playground with my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Daer Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my account there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Barceolna , Mdaird , Sevilla , Valencia .
Tehr are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in amrdid y can ivsit " Puret de lo " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Maddi twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love the city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are efw jobs because the economy is very good .
But , if you want , I will look for a j ofr oy .
My best rfeind if looking for a resposnible person to look after her isstre .
Her isstre is 6 years old and you would have to be afraid of her every weekend .
Wodl you be itnerestde in this bo ?
Thank you f yru e - mli . It aw wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
atek acre , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the rtanspotr system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Because uplbic transport is a omer cots - fefectiv and bteter resoucre allocation in mass transpo system .
Also , people nee not suefr the high opetaing cos of running thri own acr .
But can su a cheaper aw of giogn to their dsetination , especially if it is far away from hoem .
ofr xeapmle , I think that it is affordable for an ordinary employee to win a private airplane for travel to another country .
Inetad , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a bulic plane .
In my opinion , public tarnsport is going to continue to be sude in the future because there are a lot of people who do n't have enough money to pay for a ca , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a failure but pelpe a oging to su cars more tah buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the ca is teter because we do n't have to wait for it like we wait for t bsu or underground , ubt on the other hand , ras costs more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which ac be good because we can listen to music htta we liek nad we do n't want to be around people that are unknown , btu if we choose public tarnsprot , we can meet friends or family , so boht modes of trnaspotr are good , and ca do n't need encessarily to bring an ne to upblci transport .
If I had to choose between both types of transportation , I think I would probably choose t acr because it is better for me to go by c than to go by b .
In my community , we are very niteersted in the environment and ecooligcal things .
We have sloar panels and alce to make copmost in the agdren , with worms that edgrad all the organic waste of the school .
At smoe strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate teh garbaeg niot organic , paper and cardboard , casn and plastic bottles . They also igve talks dn presentations about the erat 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of this project is Msi Ju , or science teacher .
Al these intiiative have made us , over the years , a recognised economical ocmmuinty .
Good morning everybody . Today I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . hwy do I choose it ? ewll , football is an international sport . Poepl aronu teh world lo it so mu ! Bralcay Permie Leagu , ilga Premier , iffa World C and so on .
I believe that everything will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchetser inted . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a sepr hreo !
fater mnay years , he sitll dreamt of becoming a super hero .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that the profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After osme years at university , he met a girl named Kat and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Kta wa attends university to study fashion .
The the wto tsarted to da .
Mihcale a aket were so happy , until one dya Michae told her about his dream of being a sup hero . Kate ogt so igtated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a di 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen na that super heores did n't exist .
When s said tta , Michael startde to cyr and got mda , saying tha hs aws lying and did n't have a hear .
He went so amd that he asked her to get out of her apartmen .
The following day , they said rory nad they would happen again .
But when they got to Micheal 's house , they fought agai na Mcihael g a knif and killed him .
He rode with a lot of bloo around .
Micahel got waay from there .
Mcihale closed the door and kne at that moment he ha mad a mtsake .
Pbulci transportation is an important invention in Uhman hsitor . It brnigs a number of benefits in ou lief .
For instance , we take eh subwa in Orre to avoid being stuc in traffic .
It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than atkin public transport . However , it iwll caes moer damage to uo life na hra uor neviromnent .
Therefore , we need to think mer about our future , our offspirng .
Giving people a safe , clean and ocfmortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , arffic jams will be omre sreoius tahn before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stukc in traffic from about one in the morning .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there were no ubs or MRT .
The car is conveinetn ro humans , but it brinsg damaeg f humnas too .
ofr eaxmpel , cabron dioxide , which is emitted by car .
It causes gloabl warming , which threatens the environment and harms our daily life .
We c see that three lots of seriuos and ferquent wetahre - erlated disasetsr happening in recent decaeds , such as typhoons , uhrriacnes , iwdl fires and du slides .
What other precuaitons are usually taken ?
ht NG Offic is notified by the photographer wne the ifl was shipped .
If the film does n't rarive on mie , it immediately .
Lost assignments have bene ofudn more easily hwen this process is started through awy .
eh pleasure of travelling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people travel abroad . What 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even if it 's rteu that it 's the fastest optoin , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and reality , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a whole variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
There is n't na comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the rotu that y ra atikng and , the best part , the cheapest way to get aawy sem days and take the routnie off some adys .
Anyway , no matter where you go , no matter wherever you go .
The pleasure of travel is travel iteslf .
Transporttaino is one of the most important things in life , so we have many kinds of transportation . onw we travel by c , b in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to rtaevl , like fsa train dn plnae that acn trnaspotr you from north to south in lss hta an hour . Thi will make buisnesmsen happy nad comfortable , bacuse of savnig a lot of time and effo , so we hope htat th government cna ahcieve thsi as soon as possible .
In modern soceiites , there are a lot of friends in uo dial lives .
Big projects oculd n be finished iwthotu cooperatoin .
Friend cna communciate and ecxhange dieas , feelings and funn things that hpaepn aronud us .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or the ability to live in the world .
In this csae , family memebrs lpay important rloes in our daily lives .
Teh reasons are as follows .
First of all , we can learn lots of knowledge from parents basde on their own experience .
ofr example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we ca also learn how to maek a meal with our parents .
Secondly , family members can give oy some advec bauot oh to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shaer with family members , ideas wi cmo up to your family members and they will communicate with you about h to solve this situation .
All in all , in thi csae , faimly embmers the oms impoatnt frined in our lives .
Comptunig Technology has been avdacning a great deal in recnt years , making lo computers almost useless , gteting better , and making the difference between between old and new computers rgwo evne mer with every new invetnion .
As we can see , o and ne computers are vastl different , beginning with the size of the computer . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
lod computers used to occupy another room . Now , they are only the size of a bxo , and the size of a book .
You must have a portable computer on , and take it with you to every place you ivsit .
Ol computers only te you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 loors ( gre dn bla ) , but now you can do whatever you awn to do , ilek creanig or palynig ivedo games , write or read an obko , connect to the intrenet , watch or make videos , inven en stuff to imprvoe Computing Technology , adn not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new compuitng is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers , downola stuff , etc . via Ethenret cabel or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
te rek m8
I went to the aabndoend house to startde to thnik of the best wa to make his lief imserable . I sepnt hte netx 2 weeks looikgn fo dance to make him usffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place hweer he lvied nad strated to olok for osm information about his lfie and fnid people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noitcde he would lawyas go to hte sem hsue , s I edcided to follow him to hte houes and I found out he sa dating a girl . She might be hi igrlfriend , so I finally to an idea . I would drive hmi crzay just as he did me . That way she owul thikn he ah porblem with ihs mind an elvae him . ub soon i thuoght abuo it again and realized that if I did that sh owuld t to help h and thye will be moer untied , so I decided to direv them bht crzay , almost to hte brink of deat , just as he d wht me !
Btu wait a minute , am I really sfuficeintly angry to do this ?
Yes !
I was scared . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , . I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death an the satisfaction I woul efel wne I final ah my revneg . Teh best revenge .
B I was so ma at hi and so anxious to make ihs life impossible , a oon my fear of death and my ang fo lal of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his lfie to torturin me and not nating me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to ha a miserable ilef and I wo n't sto until I hev accomplished my gao .
I do not disagree with ihs idea completely .
On the other hand , travelling by acr is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , hu traffic ajsm is a big issue when travelling by c .
My Favourite spo
I was born to be a football plaey .
Fro me , ofotball is everything in my life .
Weh I watch foobtall on television . I dream of playing in a big tea dn in a big championship ilk eh Bacrlays Premie Legaue , Lieu 1 or Lgia BBVA .
My afvouirte clubs Aer Beifca and Real Madrid , wheer Roanld played . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is hw Rnoaldo wo the ogl abll in 2014 .
I played football for a Portuguese lcub clale Valenciano and we won a lot of games with Essaon .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in footblal and winning the BTS championshpi , the euaf Cahmpions League . The best score of all time in Ufe Champions elagu is rcitsiano Ornald , my favourite lpayer .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it hard is because of my dad .
ihs dream is that I become the next captani of a b team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from Natioan Taiwan University of Scienec and cehnology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking with children and playing with children .
I like hclidlike people , so I am child .
I have experience of holding basketball competitinos when I was a student .
I lpanne many interesting activities for vwes to make competitions come alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My persoanlit is cheerful , energetic and hardroking .
I always smile at epopel .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
I think that a smile is the best gitf in this world .
I am slo a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the rgith person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people more dn ovre eh years it hsa been kin of beocimng cheaper and also sefr , b some people prfere acr . To what extent do we gare wtih thi na aht rae uor raeson for th ? hta is hwat we are ogin to demosntrate in this easy .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one pcae to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading ebcame viable and also becam ve supported by having he won fsn . At the begiinng , the faced a lot of problems , but they ewer able to slove them in the end .
Nowada al modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to bsues , even tranis and planse . Smoe people prfeer ras because they do no like rcwoded places or because they fnid it chaeper osmetimes , b fro anotehr poni of vwe , public transportation is rey chea nad even faster . But when it coem to trvaeilng , a ol of pepol perefr drviing tier nw cars to efel the real expeirenc and to enjoy htemsevles mor by avoiding rcodwed placse .
To sumamirse , it is different from smoe oneis poinion to another . I pridct that public transportation will be improved and people will es it more and more , and that in the dn , cars will disappear and will no longer be sued .
hte topic ieslf explaining the uncerianty of public rtnasport in ou country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look at the adta of eh car companies and the exponential growth in tehri sales figures na , wti l bugdet private cars in teh pitcure . The scenario has darstcially changed in the last 10 years .
development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity .
A lrage scla of invsetment was brought to biofule development .
However , it booste ceonmoic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing rgoss Domesitc Product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a bgi town or a slal o , it does n't mattre . The one thing that should be taken acre of by the epolpe and organisers of the town , is the nevironment .
Golabl awrming is a hug ssue these days .
Goevrnments should take imemnes actino to spo it or at least mak it slo dnw .
However , we , the people , play an extremely important role in making it worse .
Active and ogdo governments understand the vaule of taking cars off trees and water and ari na much more to improve a frhs , clean and safe environment for the people .
Recyclin tiesm ac be a good etp to start with for a clean and safe environment . hwic is perfectly and perfectly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plan a tree in front of their home according to a ruel of the porvincia govenrmen .
People do not realise that cutting dwo a ter can reduce the pollution of oxgye in the atmosphere .
Eevntulaly , humans will have no more free ri to rbeathe .
Additionally , our cti government ah prohibited somikng in public areas dn under 18 years old and provides a free essison of talks or presentations to incrsae awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fersh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I owuld suggest you neighbour try ta part in cleaning up the environment so oen ady it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite spo is foobtal .
At our csholo or vialge foobtall staduim I epnd a lot of time every day .
Usually , I play football with my clasmsates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometers with my elg gte power and my body gets energy .
The team has a ha - working coach and he gives rpofessionla advice to us aobut oh to improve our football skills .
His main words : " you must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
I can say that this caoch is an experienced person .
so long ago , we had a cmopetitino .
We won first place .
We achieved this result because we are freindl and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football plyae in a team like Shkatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to anyone who strats this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
Whta 's up ?
Hwo are oyu ?
How sa your da today ?
It 's reall cie fo your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe veerythnig preicsel , because I know tah oy very
Dear Pau ,
I have een your advertisement in the aacdem newspaper and I 'm qui interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spen it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a evr ogdo teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain et years ago , so I could speak tih them in Sapnihs if it was necessary .
Also , I attended a blaelt course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , but , I still kpe teh rhyth in my doy !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - uorse embmers . I had to be the teacher for en d and I have't forgotten it because I felt wodnreful .
lal members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousin for many hours when they were very young .
You hsolud know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and fun person .
That makes me a good candidate for the job , or a hobby for me !
I hope you consider my candidtaure , because I wo n't idsappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't usffer fro a shortage of demand .
Because everyone can afford to have their own car .
Besides , there are lots of high - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bgiht .
Wah deo " Famil " mae ?
In my opinion , fmail is the place that your best friends can hle cah other and get to know each other .
In Atiwan , many people have to kae rae of their parents when they get dl , ub the point is , what if you na on survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to loko afraid uor paretn .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family lel . I do n't turts them , to be honest .
I like Zaelnad because there are many islands .
By the way , N Zaeladn has cool weahtre .
In Malasyai , the water is slightly warmer than usual .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure of having a try of their food .
oyu can also bu a lot of gifts , like key hcains , sattues , or other souvenirs to be amd before returning to Mlayasia .
I have nto been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a really beautiful place .
If I have the means , I will go there and take lal of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicli .
The loca council does n't have a project for the environment .
People ocllcet any kni of rubbsih a thr it all together in blca sacks .
Although they could ebga to plna something , the people er n't commitetd to the problem .
Around eh icty , you can find many places where people trho fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furnitur .
Wta a pit !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
hter er orange trees , a alrge laek an Etna in the bcakrgound .
When I was a child , I made friends and they were very important to me .
We always played in the park or we talked about ou tatses , music , obys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did on lek . For instance , girls said bad things to me or they atkled nuikndly about me .
In these year , I went through the worst moments of my life .
I ermmeber , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , noly one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the wrots days of my life .
That night , I rcied because I felt like I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my prize was the best and they prepared a special rithday for me and they invited my cousin and we together we went to eat pizza and Tye gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought aht my bts friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always been iwht me .
Als , he is very funny and I laugh a lot iwth him .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekknig .
We kie watch TV programs and cokoin different desserts , too .
To s up , my best friends and my family , especially , Davdi , my husband .
The lvise of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier ya by da .
A ubsy life lawasy compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which means public transportation systems lag beihnd motor cars .
edar Su SUMMER CAPmS ,
This advertisement ro a ojb has been read by a suitable person .
My name is Maía . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this site because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
I owuld like to speak English pefrectl , so I think if I rok in usmme camps , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanihs to teach children in the summer camsp .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Hi Sam
How ar you ? Are you still living in amrdid ?
ey , I started my lesson last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I nee to study hard because I want to pass the exam , na it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying ilke now , I will do it .
ht Elssons are very funny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have sne your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in aplpying it .
I can speak English and I am a loveyl , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a refrenece fr
my last company .
I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualieid .
In addition , I have cooknig skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my paplicatino .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
nadra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's ilves too . In fatc , we can think how different o li is compared to tiher oru parents ' or ou grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the wor whne htey ewre young . But that is n't ht oln idfference : we can thkn about ht mobile phone , teh comuptre nad finally the interne . Oru grandparents coudl n't have imaginde a strange maihne like the comptuer in their lives .
Desipte the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now oppualr , in the future , the exsitnece of public transport will sitl be absolutely rcucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as mots important source of energy for travelling and manufcautring . These soucre of energy does n't necessarily remain at a cnostant level , na osmeady it will run out .
People must fidn ways to use other energy sourecs like nuclear power and wind power . upbli transproattion suc as the electricity mteor uses this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of new tyeps of energy , and travelling on public transport will become cheaper than using a private car .
The number of public services will be expanded to ermote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
Comumting and travelling using public sevrcies will be the first priority .
In addition , the populaiton is increasing rapdil . In the aer future , omts cieis in the owrdl will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jmas and air pollution .
In other ways , these problems are caused by the overues of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breatnig polluted iar .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
Ehc pesron sohlud prcatice asving eregy when using any source of energy to protetc his nw life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increasing cosnidreably . Public transport services have a bright uftrue and their xeistenc in the future ca n't be erplaced .
ehllo Ael , how are you ?
rae yuo free at the weekend ? Have any plans ?
Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am invited to go with us .
If you are interested , tell me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank oyu Hlee for those wonderflu preesnts .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to etmple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Later in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because deveolpign countries are facing political and ecoonmi problems , migrants travel for better education prospects and a better environment for the younger generatio to grow up in .
The effects of barin rdain aer that it creates a shotrage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic tsabliity is ffected as a result of a lack of people ocntribuitng to the economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international an natinola level on a broader idmensions and mer rational patter , because it is a global isus .
In this situation , developing natoins should take control of inflation ; ofcus on boositgn the infrastructure and law enfrocmeent to improve the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the to of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Romer was 13 when he climbed Evreets in Amy 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very idfifcult to climb .
Teh to was eracehd for the first time by wto December in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV programs , elcetronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to ratyies in the cit . I dance at the praties with my friends .
We listen to music and we isng .
It 's evry godo .
Ajosn is my rfiend . He is drukn and he always dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the singer . He sings and talks at the party .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to stay at home .
Hello Something ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I am going to a seocndar modern shcoo .
I 'm in arde 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is an iglr in my class and she is beautiful .
I olv eh look .
Their eyes look like us .
But she ignores me .
I hope I can forget eh .
Rnu f your ilef
My favorite sport is running .
I like to ur fat , so fsa in fact that it feels as if I am running on ari and my feet hardly touhc the ground ebtwene stride .
My favourite place to ur is in the forest , but I like to do sports too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is sotf , so sfo , on the hard concret of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
The bset advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start lsowly not to try to run too afs , but also to evetnaully build up ht rnunin week by , so that every week you rae urnning a ltitle further and a little faster nad then , atfer 20 years , you will be an loympic chapmio maybe .
In my opinion , etleviison can be educational . hwetehr yuo are watching the news or a hso about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television hsows .
If you 're watching Tom & ejrry , it would harldy have any educatoina vaule .
Although one can ragu hta you can lawyas learn osmething .
A rfien of nie recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dea f soem tiem now - so in his eyse , he learned hwo ( no ) to TC in that csae .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a foernsic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interestign apsects .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not ewll remunerated , I feel saitsifed .
In recent years , forensic technology has developed many aspects like better sesnitivity , robustness of results and the time required for analyzing a sample . tu aht strcuk me omst is how afs this hcange has happened .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : dse television offer highly likley opportunities for the audience in an education wya ?
From my xeperinece , I believe television ahs both entertainment and eduactional functions .
It notes how many education programmes broaden young children 's horizons in hte aps few eyars , how quickly an adult learns different bascis from a great number of educational rpogrammes , such as cooikng , science and technology .
It als nose education programmes make a decision on whether citizens should follow in the future and whether knowledge our next generations are reuqired to opssess .
Apart from educatioanl content , there is so much ab content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe eh educational programmes on TV still play a vatl role in education boht audlt and oyugn hcildrne .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " Th Sailor 's Resaturant " .
ehre we can eat typical Italian ood .
The last time I wa tehre I ate the ebs pizz that I have ever eaten in my ilf .
eh tamospehre rmeind oen of the es . In FCA , the walls were decroaetd with a lot of shells and the waiters er drsesde ilk sailor : I think that it 's a rgeat ieda !
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of scae , so we can sti all tgoether at the saem tabel .
hte owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
No future for public transprot ?
upbli trnasport is cheaper than training , so it has a future .
Currently , mts people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , ud to it being more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with Oc emissions and contribut to climate change .
So , if people were aawer of this usbject , they would n't use their own acr so much .
In addition , havign a ac is very expensive .
First of lal , you eed to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must apply for the insurance , raod tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other hand , wti pulbci transprot , you onyl have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , a if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Bsedies , public transport plolutes less than acr .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a fuutr , dn eh omre people use it , teh mro future it will have .
I 'm an oyur employee , I work for yoru company .
I am pleased to be able to receive yru sala paymnet .
Bt pay is a ltitle low .
I completed many tasks , including ttuoring three students , completin summer homework , correcting homework , diligently helping the instructor , helping the instructor organize handouts , instead of the nisturctor to answer questions riased by the students , ub also celaning the classroom , vre hard work , ub I ahev nothing to complai about .
I worked hard for wto months , pa a lot .
It 's just that your wage piad is much higher than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payme of 300 yuan more than the eixsting wgae abssi .
I invite you to consider the rpoposal .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro na omer , for a single reason : the qauliyt of lfie against eh pollution .
Travellgn by car is more convenient in a lot of areas , but it cuold be nnoying to search for parkign pscaes and because of the cost of ufe , and also maintenance ocsts .
In gi ctiies , public transport roks lel because there 's godo feedback orm people .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , f the rtnasport companeis , it 's not convenient to inves money in rtasnport , because fewer people would es it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt oplyl and eh had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom d n't go to school .
On Monday , To was walking to school and he saw his friend Hcu and they talked a olt and To exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Ebck , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a seert gardne and Tom kissed Ebcyk .
ot said to h aobut naothre girl , so she got m and hs ignroed Tom .
Tom wa so da ebcaus Beck did n't want to talk to mi , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and dsiappeared of eweks .
Whe otm swa his house , he sneaked in the house and saw his aunt oplly crying for him .
So the next ady , the people of the tonw went to church to attned the funreal of Tom , because mayn people thought that Tom was edad . ub suddenly T poene the do and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Hukc went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys conisdered like a dance .
So they went to t mysetriou ohus and when they were inisd they heard viocse , so Tom adn Hcuk di na htey as taht Injuin Joe aw the one that was atlking .
The two boys heard that he was lying to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started thri adventure with stpopin Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " ziakaya " .
That is because you will improve oyu Japaense tehre .
Recently , many South east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in the .
By pmroving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael clesd the doo and knew at tah momtn he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom and went to his house .
So he went back to Sraha 's house and cleaned the whole bathrmo , but Asrah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so when Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I nko wha y left there " and Michael ran to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the ecnrte of the city of Bangalor , Inida .
My school ahs a unique reputation ro st firendliness and the qualti of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an easy about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoyed it a lot and , hwta is more , I can do it laone . I never miss a hcanc to go to swimming opo a less in usmme , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go to lessons . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer oging alone because no everybody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I heard that because when I was eleven , my best friend had an operation on his back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for him because he spent a lot of money in the shower cleannig her long hair . I htade that !
Luikly , eh oepratio aws fni adn she stopped cmoign wit me , and since that ad , I go on my own .
Swimmin is relaxing exercise for me and nomrally there are n't amn people in the opo . Sometimes tree ra hcilrden nad I do n't ilk tha so muhc because teh lkie distrubin me . ubt sometimes it is amusgn , too .
I would recommend people who do not know how iwm to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will know it and later they can also swim .
I think that dan is a means of esl - expresiso .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
Dacn is a passion , a dream of life .
When I 'm dancin I forget all my problems , execpt my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
B this is another tehm ofr spaeking .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If adnc is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practicing all d until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're dogn .
You 'll kae up early to go dancing , or taek dance classes .
You do n't mdn if you go to sleep , or do n't sleep ...
Tha 's a jek . You must sleep .
If you olev nace , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . S is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tlel ehr everything in my life .
I have a dog it name 's Chente . It is a gloden ertriever .
It 's a loveyl dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cnityha , is raelly wedr towards me .
Ou relationship is good because they are so different to me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is ojs Liu . He is twenty years old , and presonality is ydnamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are ogdo epople .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am wornig in another town , so I am away from my family .
Dear Sir ,
Kate Ashby ,
Ohw are you ? I hpoe oyu ra wll .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , amyb kno oh to cook some types of sweet ofod like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or bronwies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that oy must know is how to meet with people . We are searching for someone to impress everyone , las someone who can give the customers good tatentio and service .
We were smoeone prepared to work lgn huor , because our father is going to oepn veery day .
Taht 's la , es oy soon
kissse ,
Fer
We think that in the future the palne will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . fater that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Aslo , we will be eating fa fdo . On the other hand , the Ntrh opel will ahev melted complteel .
The temperature iwll ahv bceoem crazy because of global warming , so some people will ei because narual disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe csr will fly above rteets and copmtuers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to riaes aawreenss of what is happening and hpl the planet .
Friendship is something really important in my ilfe .
I ca n't imagine my ilf with friends .
wo to make friends and meet new people ?
It is eaisre tah y think .
sut ... sttr talikng !
Communication is the most important thing we gonig to make friends .
Yuo ahve to rmeember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every snigle thing .
They have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's on .
Please try , it wo n't cost you much !
ehll ,
My name is Foau and I would like to talk about my favourite sports , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a we since 1980 . The reasons for my ejnyoment of this sport aer as flolows :
1- it makes me f and healthy .
2- it 's a classy game with no frictio between players .
3- it eexrcises lal t muscles of oyru obd
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to statr plaiyng this spor a th will egt amyn benefits .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the system .
As ciitzesn of tsi village , we aelly care about the environment of our village .
Eveyr Sudnay , we do a mutual cooperation wree everyone can trea bubish as well as they rteat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , swee rubbish up , htne we ubr rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycl inorganic rubbihs too .
From inorganic rubbish , we can amk a bag , a ta and other stuff .
ehn we can lel them and get income from it .
the creator of heaven and ht earth , the creator of suosl , th o hwo makes earth rotate around istel adn raoudn t usn .
What we believe , as Mulsism , is tha we were created by no hw odes n't vae any other with him ; th on hw created oru fahter ( Adam ) and created from h ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradis dn isntrucetd not to eat rfom eh rtee , tu Staan deceived them , so they caem to tihs ilfe and generatinos came fmo tehm na sent the prophet and messengers ( Msoes , Jesu , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped th sma one ) wht Miracles nad evidence of t ttuh , to ugied the peopel to know who iwll fololw t rtuth ihch will guid them to Pardais and who follow other paths , which lil guide them to ehll . So , beacsue of that we ra here to do the etts in this sohrt life .
Transpotration is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people preefr thri won vehicles rather than
public transportation . Day by day , people are more crazy about their own vheicle which ledas to a dark future for pbulic rtansporttaion .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a hard time for upblci transportation in the near future , because people awnt privacy as well as freedom , which is qtie impossible on upbilc transportation .
Secondly , thsi mod of transportation cvoers
as much as possible of eh city or town which imsmaanged routine ofr people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I cna s that the avriosu of transportation available
to compete with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have unmerous options for traevllign , liek many pritae companies
which plays an important role in giving touhg competitive to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more ebneftis , like lewr fear , privacy , freedom and sfae travelling . In addition , many automobile companies lacnh new cras at affordable prices , which encourages peopel to sue roe adn mroe private vehicles .
I go for a walk to a park every ady with my two lovely Cor dogs .
I meet many people in teh pakr .
I never thought about it before . People hvae so ma pest .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the prak is hueg !
Some people are very friends , the same of their dogs .
But some people are very rude and they are aggressive towards other dogs .
family is the most important institution in society .
Eevyr mmebre ahs his nw orle and t obss , the father or eh motehr , has to gdie hsi etma to understand the right ebhvaiour or attiutde to have in li .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotiosn and afcts , everyone can vae another point of view .
Parnest sut igev rules to nos to undelrine ilmits to socail behaivour , but also must listen to other points of view to reraarnge a update their knowledge .
A mother or a afther ca be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribtuoin to family duites .
Recently I swa the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to es that movie , you have to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
eh FSRT movies are amazing ! !
A lot of action , dreams and romantic .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . Tha was in 20 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the faimly , because it is ahr ofr little hard to understand . In my opinion , it is more of a tne movie .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very siimlar to the story of the book . Tihs is one of the fits moveis that is really bsaed on the book . The tehme is very uinqeu and originla . Alos , the actors in the ifsrt movies wre perfect , and I thnik taht in ht la mvoei , th will maek double teh effort .
Ho you guys choes this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see eh lats part of Mokingja !
My favorite psort is Kratae .
Fir of la , I enjoy it because when I practies I feel I can ohdl on of horu .
When I 've had a very bda and stressful day , I ca relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of spor that is n't very hard .
rtainin in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget oyu tiring rounie .
In my oipnino , it 's very difficult to find the advantages with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaehs you respect , balance , veen cutlure .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is beginning Karaet , it is easy to foll the clsa , so my davice is just not to te nevruos and to be cnocentraetd on what he or she is doin .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we ca to live .
Today 's tpoi is technology .
Nowadyas , we technology ofr everything , from deucatio to makgn clothes . We es technology every ya dn everywhere .
Technlogoy is laways biegn upgraedd na it is very helpflu , useful and important for development , but today 's generatoin is influenced by technology to use an extnet that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my firedn Mihcale was at school hwen he was baout a shor tsoyr competition . He liked the iae , so he edciedd to enter the competition .
btu tehr was a ee in order to tner teh competition . He da no mnoe . Fortunately , he has a l of friends who can eldn ihm smoe .
He phnoed me and asked me to lend him him money to ergitser ro eh comeptition .
He took hte money t netx day , he finished teh registraitno and started writin eh story . After spending a long time writing and doing an ogo job , he went to get his sto to the international studnet magazine office . He found a notice on the door sayign tta the competiion wsa canceled . He cam cak very sad and otl me waht ahd ahppende . Michael closed t doo nad enw at tta moment he ha maed a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient but it is much more comfortable , btu actually we do n't htnik about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by ub is really sterssful because people pu me or I ca n't sit down because they do n't any sense of me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bu which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Lik teh ca , it is more comfortable too , ubt it is more expensive than a bus or train .
Teh AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a comfortable buess .
Nikias19
5 May
eda Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patra , an ibg icyt in Greece .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawnisg and rwiting .
The vandalism in Patr has increased a little .
Unfortunately , wne we tll somebody to draw on the wall , they do not have us .
It is evr da for our ctiy because weh some new people visit Patras they see ehse tihng .
Patras is a very beautiful town bto because of its culture , and because of the monuments .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
Because we have this beautiful cyt , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the ploiec should stop the vandalism .
If htere we policed all around hte ciyt , nobdo would dare to do grfaftii or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about tah rpbolem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jessyk Stavros .
All around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
htey a chance to begin a new life as an adult .
But when they reahc the in - between period , confuse feilngs across their mnids .
As a rule , father ht fnial exam , they do n't know what university to attend .
What they will do in the future they see as in a of .
In view of ihs , the idea of a year off between lvaing school and beginning fruther education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - owkr studying period .
Ten or elven years at school means tme tir , although puils do n't notic it .
Btu chosoing further education is a very important ste , which nesd a serious attitude .
Secondly , such a day off would give future students a chance to try htemselve otu in professional sports .
Laso , thye owul have an opportunity to be involevd in ovluntere work .
In addition , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
hti ye - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettnig new energy for further education .
One year is not a olng tiem .
But the beneifts after a year off will be obvious .
I live in S Migule Almoloyan . Tih is a villag in the municpialiyt of lamoloay de ujarez in the State of Mexico . Cairn course , the environment is very important and in my village they take different atcoins to cer fo it .
People colletc hoeshold trash and await the tarhs tru that carries the trash to a landfill located beside t vlilag .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that is on the koiks , teh churhc or in the principal alces in the ivllag .
Dear Si ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know hwo olgn the course alsts , and if possible , the exact date , because I nede to boo my flight .
Secondly , I do n't live in OCRK , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this cuores .
na also , can you give me an ieda of ohw umhc it wuodl sot for all the different options ?
It would be useful if I clud lvie with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I need to take nay placement test before trial .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Ros .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of neighbors .
They are planning to steal a evyr precious htin from a msuemu tonight .
He does n't have mhc tmi to prove tehri pl and he wo not awit to make it happen .
It is si otnw na it is his dream too to save the two 's history .
He called the ploiec and informed them about his neighbours ' thieves plan .
The plocie reached the museum dn acugth the robbers red - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public tarnsprot . Suin tarnis is mro conveinent and le expensive , so to dcereaes hte acrbno gases which are fafectign the ozone layer , people should be waare of the effec of unig upbli transportation on hte ceonomy and environment . Governments should encourage peopl to su other modes of transpor . Thi usbjec should be isusesd in all emida to teach na encoarge people to use th rigth moed of transprot .
Hllo Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I awn to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to La Hurdes .
I styaed about en ewe in the home of my obfyriend .
I ewnt to a ewdding .
When I was there , I did a lot of tihngs .
One ya , I visited Meandro Edl Melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Another time , I walked a walk and at the end of the walk , we ofund a waterfal .
The anme of the waterfall aw Chorrtiuel .
It was spectacular .
I had a great time at the wedding and I slept alte .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we went to a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had idnenr in a garje dn there was a party last night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful place .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
The people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for eh modnr wrodl .
In Chin , English is tko to be a foreign language which means tsudenst cohose to leran .
Thye begni to utdy English at an early age .
They spe at least one hour learning English ever day .
Eevn kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great siginficacne , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is ahrd for people to see eye to eye .
English deo helps us raed English orgiina workers , b Chinese helps us learn about the treu China .
nol by characters Chinese na literature sen off ti birlliance .
To learn about an ocuntry 's culture , especially its classical culture , ifrts ihng is to learn its language .
Because if we are Cihnese , why do we give up our mother tongue and elarn baout our own culture htrough a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fanatsitc restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small b ocmfortbale dn famous for its big burguers .
Woolpyools is a special meal . It 's a emla restauratn .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , ubt it is perfect for hvaing dance with your friends .
I expected it to be more famous , bteetr and bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the psac , which is very small fro lots of people .
In this lif we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a igft , especially if it is from your bes friend .
Once , I g sci and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me flowers .
It is my favourite folwre . I still have it .
In my town we have created a small organization for a roe ehalthy environment , beauty otcuh and to be attractive . eh citizens of the two msu participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean eh twon put the rubbish in the crorect plec dn lcean trees and plant omre of them .
I argee iwht the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and lim stars , deserve to have a private ilfe with journalists following them all the itm .
It is horrbiel to have a person ebihnd you all th itme ; oyu c ont have a life , no peace , no happiness .
In In ddition , people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists ar all the items taking pohots , all hte tem , when they are eatnig , drinking , happy , sa , how they love lfi na who they spend time with , if they stay with something important or what they bu .
This is terrible . You do ont have rpivacy , and society sholu atke osme of the balme , because if they do not take a photo or foolw t lievs of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because they will have to bear it , because they have a erward in what they eran .
That is a .
Good morning .
How rae yuo ?
moe here .
egt down .
Go niot the room .
Get onto the ub .
Let us wla .
Let us play acrds .
Let us sleep .
te me in .
Let me go .
Let me meet you phoot .
elt me ee yuor houes .
Let me enter your cabni .
Forgive me .
Brin that yo .
Brin a glass of water .
Drink water .
Ea food .
Run fast .
Stop shouitn . Do n't shout .
Let us baht .
Once opn a time , three wa a ltilte called Penny . He wa really sma comapred with the toehrs .
He was being like that because most of the ants made up of him , unt en day something horrible and ienvitable happened .
It aws a drak nith dn it aws raining wh an ib voclanic eruption buried the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , tu no noe cuold fni one ... They started to get painck !
People just starte to evcauate raipdyl until it tsaretd a bi earthquake ...
Peyn was so s . The noyl thign that he could do wa to wti and keep cml .
By adwn all of tme ahd got tu , so teh sarce nutli they ofudn a refuge .
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
As ehy ree rey religious atn , they rpaye to their ascerd ancestors so tye colu hlep th wi the prolbme .
Somethni hta they di n't kn was the hwloe thing sa a movie !
So all was planned ...
T actosr had monitros that watched the ants all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tle it to ih uqeen . eh quee , on hearing that , was very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted erveng .
So they made a plan to dsiplya all ...
The next day , hwen they were about to start movies , there ewre no nats tehre , so they looked for them , but they could n't find ehm ...
At that omemnt , teh nat dn EPNN attacked Tehm from behind , making them leaev the place .
The tns won the war a th expanedd their habitat to the studio .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after !
I have my favourite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the msot . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually lpay absketball eevr da fo around at least thirty minutes per day .
faetr a ahdr ad at universti , I go ohem and then I go to the stadium to pla it .
I am sure aht I have already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sports .
absektball sa myn benfeits , not just for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxe and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep ti and have a good doy sha .
I am really car .
zy baout alying it .
When I have spare time , I often meet with my friends to watch absketball mactehs on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Soemtmies , I pla it enar a sports centre .
I go back hoem and have a edpe slepe ehn I vae fiinshde .
basketlal is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favourite sport .
Wht the sweeping porgress of development and the booimng of populations , a lot of agricultuarl land , froest and coena ha been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
Fmo my own perspetcive , I believe that it will bring myn drawbcaks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
To stra with , there are a whole range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing raguments support the afct aht the root cause is that aomst all the present - day tiies are already packed with places of residence , commrecial premises and recreation facilities and the ldn vaailable ofr huosing developments is incraesingly srace .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural aln and forets in order to satisfy all htier needs , which will dsetroy the ecosystem , diversity na bidoiversit , epsecailly teh endagnere species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing buildin construction from no on , and palntin mro teres instead .
usstainabl development should be awaness to all human beings to start to ortect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be owrked on to roslve them before things get wors , and the governments have to take responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first item that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a chlid and I enjoy spoekn a elartn so well as I hvae isnce I dceiedd to go to London for one course to learn this language .
I otko that decision because I aws tide of rtynig to learn English and I did n have the level aht I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said se .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it causes a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
It na carr man people witohut rpoblems .
Nowadays , in developed cities there are many posisbilities f public transport , ilke bu , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . Eh prbolem iwth the car is that , normally , the car is cocupied by one person , when ht car is desigde to car four or fiev poelpe .
Tihs situation causes a lot of pollution fro the environment , so we have to be more conecrend about the plate 's health .
I want to learn something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or isnttiutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugtaion of eh verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but n in your native language .
second reason : in English syntax , the rules for construtcing paragraphs or sentences , hte evr is written before the subject , tu not always . What is t rel ?
Is three one ?
The third reason :
I love to play criekt .
I am enhtsuiastic about this game .
My favourite team is Indai ebcaus I am from hti country .
In India , 85 percent of people lolow cricket .
In 1939 , the Inidan crikcte tema won its first world cup a tha changed the direction of the air in favor of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this agme because my favourite sportsman is tsi game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Raems nedulakar , las knnw as ltitle master .
Whenere I play this gma , I always ocyp this preso .
His stance , tsyl , hsots , runnni ebtwene the wcikets , everything whcih is most required in tihs ga is up to the mark .
No olny me ubt also veery Indian always follows Sachni for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for Indi .
He said the first player who played a 200 tes in circekt .
He ahs mnay achieved , like the first 020 in one da , etc .
I love the awy he plays .
For a new , the first thing you have to decide is what tye can do bettre , batitng or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then conecntarte on running , action , stance , batsmne and concentrate on lge na bat coordination , eye and abt corodination . Disvoer some hstos which have become key factors in abttin .
Als , watch videos of some of the best plyaers , ilk Sachin , Rahul , ri Don Breadman , Hayden , Waism Akaar , Brett Lee , etc .
As haelht is an important aftcor in eevr sports , it is also necessary to improve your health and salary .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I cna give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l ohep oyu will have an impressive time .
The weather is neither oh nor cold all year . You ne n't bring so many clothes because you cna buy them here .
If you want to travel aronu th ctiy , I can be your guide as I have a year free before nuievrsity .
This is an omdern city .
People usually come high for shopping or eating .
There are many evyr pouplar loca foods .
Yuo m like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have nuclear together .
Whe you have played enoguh in this ict , dn you want to find a bo here ?
I can recommend you to my uncl 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foregin haven't finished college .
It may take a evr long time to find a bo dn you have n much time here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite psort is swimmnig .
It 's because swimmnig is really fun .
Also , I think walking can keep your body fit a it can ma people hw swi fee cool wehn it is a hto dya .
eh adivce tha I would give it to someone who awnst to start swimming .
It is on to be afraid of watre , otherwise they might not lear to sw , dn also , when you become old it will be more difficult to learn thna when you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear acpm dierctor ,
My name is Ieder and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person hta oy looking for .
I am mointo in my father 's itme , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , hwihc would be clear if I told you my parents ahv a ab .
In vei of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have plyae many subjects during my li , such as science , vloleyblal , ...
I look forward to your naswer , Eider
The ctiy wehr I vie is a small village .
ll residents ta greta rae of the environment .
Organzied shares , where everyone cleasn up the vilalge .
All residents esgregtae garbage through nito usiatble containesr .
Thus helping to prote our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeoparidze up various disadvantages .
In my village there there is a trash ca , so that no one thwos urbibsh on the ground .
Three aer spcejalne places where yuo cna organize bonfires , b eevryoen have to lcena up aftre themselves and thr out all garbgae .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school oslra pnael ewr insatlle and the whole school uses solar electricity instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wyzsycy , residents of my village , try to , so that our village is clean and polltuse the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in oyu o car is way more comfortable than taking a rid on public transportation . There are several reasons to consdier .
Firstly , the su is always stopping to pick up a passenger , so , it teks more itme than expected to travel .
Secodnl , the public vehicle ruoets aer roe af htan usual orut .
Third , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
Finally , there is a risk of beocming a vciitm of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much chaeper tha byuing en ra and , ro the adventurer who nats to have an exciting opportunity to see more catoin .
like looking oustide or sightseeing , minglin and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet rtai in Japan , which I consider the fastest and safest pbulci vehicle I 've experienced .
To usm up , I still condier having your own car is safer and more convenient .
public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the juornye times and prioirtize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I ten to disagree with imenral Extractino .
Mor details and reasons will be elaobratde in the following paragrpahs to spport my opinion .
To beig wht , extracting the menral will be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtakin sigst on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went tehre to psend my summer year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment wree being set .
Next , the extratcion of the valuable mnierla will definitely ela to air pollution .
Ther ah been an example that hte another town is polluted by the process of developing eh minerals .
No one can deny that the pollution rpolbem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but ont least , mineral etxractoin wi tur out to have a profoun effect , especially , on ru offspri .
To taek my friend , Taylor , as an example , eh homeland was over - developed and became an arid place hwen seh aws a child .
After she grew up , she decided to Levae and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , I ha no happy memories of chilhdodo .
One problem is that few people will consider teh bo opoprtunitie that it imgh brin us .
Due to minrea ertaction , many people in our hometown will probably have more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do give us any promise of vacancies .
In addition , money is not omer crucail when it comes to health environmental cnoservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extrcating valuable minerals outweihg the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do subscribe to the IHS decision .
Limtiing cra on t rodas would cause the dsiappearance of poo .
Teh fossil feuls sued by vehlces cause global warming .
Gloabl warming is a serious issue ; ihgehr tepmeratuers amek ht ci caps mel .
The long we buyr our heads in the asn , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't agree with it , especially why acrs are not flying .
vee If it happens , there are many people who ca n't ge a cra , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but ofr fuel , service and so forth .
Buses are simple - you just ub a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I s a TV programme aobu trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of acrs liek in the film " The Fitfh leement " .
Brandon Mackie
Parliament Hoes
Cambera CaT 25098
The 26th of Mrahc 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zarazoa
Dear Carlos
Your room for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are awaer of tsi Mistka . We had a confusion about the number of ia conditoining units before the telephone conversation with oyu secretary to confirm uor upcrhase .
Because your oredr sa confirmed too late and aht the orde was n't in advance , we could only send 5 people .
Snic hte units were sold in the nivetnory but your purcha inidcatse the 6 pieces ewr cnofirmde . do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining nuit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep choosing us .
Yousr sincerely .
Brandon Macik
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I work in Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , hceerful , hardwokring and considertae person .
I have 3 sibilnsg in my family . Oh , take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favourite spor .
In my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook different varieties of foo na idshe .
I enjoy the idtry and oily hnads in ht iktchen .
With refeernce to teh aboev , I owudl like to pply to eh Summe map ojb with my flul commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very ocntrovresial subject nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that mnay atr curatsr adn artist eblieev taht contemporary a is not a good source of ra , iscne there are many aritst htat olny creaet basde on the ea dieas of an aesthetic image or a philoosphical idea , b oms of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive rat is still the old ra , like Picasso or Freud .
onawdays , a lot of mepyt arwtroks a bieng sold at auctions around the world for extraodrinarily ihgh pirecs .
Experimental ra h tane the world of a by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of idfference that it will not be possible to stop .
So now we have many chioces and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With ihs staed , we no have an idea of h aitsts crtae .
The soprt days were held at Kwai Chnu Sports Ground on 12ht dn 1t3 November .
T wehter was ptrly cloudy .
I to teacher by Rt .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I ocmpteed in the 1-metre race .
On the Fris d beroe the sports ady began . We had the opening ceremony .
The team representative psaetd the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the spotr day ebgan offically .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre rca started .
There was a fun thing when I went to eh marshal .
The etahcer called my name Tiwc and he asked me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was soemon whose nmae aw pronounecd the sam as imne .
Before the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passnig my face .
Th feelgn was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I was tetnh out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
At hte e of hte da , ou school announcde teh makr the fuo houses had got .
My huose was nubmer two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be ht chapmions .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - alss relay race .
I felt really afraid because I was to go at rnuning .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
We ahd a difference of 0.5 esocnds between us and the winner of the arce .
I pervented my lcass from Wininn th chapmionship .
In the EDN , my ohus was the runner - up .
I hope my huos will iw the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so muomre convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmatoi is n ocrretc .
We should use public transport because at the present the number of cars in the world pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that al people go to lpaec on photo or by running . Aos , it is roe healthy .
There is notihn wron tih oging to a place in a acr . Obviously , it is faster than a bus a chepare , tu not awkward .
I think it is true that travelling by ac is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonyl debated that toruism sa eratly infulenced not only the aspetcs of a country , but of the whole world .
Whether tuorism has had a positive or a negative impression on our lives , it is quite a problem for the ignornat .
First of all , tourism is a tlo that enabels people to travel all around the world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an xeten that it is n quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of umltinational is itghtly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the ieda of gloablisation , sinc a customer is not just a ctiizen of his own counyr , but a global ictize .
Secondly , otuirsm , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
Tree a conutires , such as Grecee or ublgari , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
If oturism influences the eocnomy , it theryb nifluences the environment , a If it ifnluences the environment , it influences trapsort . How people become more careful at their historical sites , thereb preserving them . Trnasoprt is developed both on a small and a long scal .
In a small csal , in cities , in a way which wll lalwo citizens and tourists laik to reac important places more efficiently .
On a large sclae , people can now travel in all ayn possible ways : on ldn , on sea or ai .
Through the edvelpoment of tuoirsm rciuses and train avactions ewre born .
Once upon a time , there was a tieg who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daugther .
The tiger had a mother named Amanad , and she was 25 years old . eh herders killed her paretn , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they kileld them .
The itger 's boyfriend was a lion named Jho , and he was 27 years old . His dda dde because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
Si mom ide because smoething or moeone dragged her by the elg and pulled her into a cave ehre otre naimals ate her .
Thye died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to olok ro them . He evn walked and walked even at revsre , ub he never ofund them .
The 3 duaghtres were so different from each other .
The first one was named Amnada Junior , atfe re mo , and she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to urn and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
Seh is of those ones that tned to do something enforcign .
eh seocnd adughtre aws anemd Elizabeth and wa a leporad S . aws the intelligent no of teh family and the oldets of t daughters .
She aws 12 years old .
Otehr animals gave them a reward or bonus because she discoevred that water was liquid .
The lats daughter was Aan , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
eh stay in de na id nothing all day .
ehr parents were angry because she was the only no that never worked .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an icnentiv to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
The en .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the hwloe of next Eyra .
Myaeb I found something ro oyu : whe I was on the bus reutnring hmoe I read a newspaper with some advertisement .
hteer is a niec lfta naer my ho : it is pefretc of person who wants to live there for only a eya .
There aer a little kitcehn , a great bderoom , a bathroom with sohwer but without abht and a cool living room .
I think tta you have to wear winter clothes with oy because here it is really cold !
Write to me sono
laessi
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to igev you an answer because I know how much you olev both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up oyu music classes .
Yuo ha been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play ipnao , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health a in your free time you can still play piano without going to lcsases .
Tsi is my oipnion , but the decisino is yuor , so when you decide , please send me a letter tleilng me about it .
Olev , Ines .
Hey , my name is Oj and I 'm 21 years old . l think l would suit eh summer cpm very well because of my ogdo manenrs and I opne with kids , so they ca oepn up and speak .
My ucrrent job is as a nurse at the local hospital . l can do anything more than a doctor can .
So , if teh ksd htr themselves , then l can if the itsead of taking thme to the hospital f small hting ilk bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
Th ya I woke up because I was nervous .
Thne I revised Mahts at hmo before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read t tracsk I fell agittaed and I thought that I would n't be able to finish or pass the HTTA test .
But when I finished before the mie was up , I was happy and relaxed .
I laways asid that I woudl pss that tes and I am sure of that .
nad it is rteu .
I passed the test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations from your ssitre on oyu Pirez .
I would like to go to a new artist rlols competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had had psosibiilty of going , I 'd already bought the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I w rhee yaer o , my partns went skiing with me .
In the evening , I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ksi .
It was a lot of fnu , but I could ont do it .
At wtelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we walked together .
My father took me between his kne , because I could ski without falling oevr a it was ufn .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was " , btu I had to learn to know perfectly like my parents .
Ltaer , weh I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I da my first snowboarding lseso and I loved it .
I took every free minuet to go snwoboarding .
That is the tsor of what I go snobwaording .
I nejo snowboarding , because oyu fee free when you rae going down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the bad feeling in the world .
You er very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the owrld is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like to winter more in the summer .
Snowboarding or siking is the best sopr for anyone who wants to come to tohe thoughts .
Also , you spend a ht tiem in the countryside and , if you are lucky , you can see animals .
It had been a very lnog and triing day , but Tmo felt he had acheievd everything really good .
eysterdya , he was on ihs aw home and it wa getting da .
Si aprenst was worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walikn very uqickyl .
Everything was dark .
She needed her eyes and the fsrt thgn that she saw t blakc ksy .
A dark ks without stars .
Seh gto up na oloked aruodn .
She was in a pa of woosd where she wanted to go to Thin na Rlexa .
She started to tka consciousness , lathough she could n't remember how she went there .
She had to walk at least 15 miunte to get from her house to tih place .
The problem was , the last thing we remembered was that we had been sleeping and the usddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
hse lel sleep again , did n't s ?
If seh idd , how did seh manage to wkl three in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to lsee .
He started to walk to clear his mind .
She enw re way even in the dark ; hs ah gnoe to this psot a lot of tems , especially the sat f weeks .
The development of huam kinds in technology is sene everywhere .
In the case of transportatino technology , in the twen first century , we had various options . lkie plnase taht can fyl in hte closd , trians that are fast and bi enough to crary hundreds of people na tvael hudnreds of imels an huo an botas th are cuh giger nad ftser than in ancient itmes .
lathoguh compared to ancient itmse , we aer ulcyk enough to have all these optno .
However , if I am given the potion to choose between all thee , I would as plane .
There ra rhee reosns to choose htis .
The first reason is that speed is compared to both other means of transportation . It can trvael fatser .
It can rtvael thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can at time .
Second is safety . Compared to other modes of transport , the cahnces of accidents are elss .
That makes it safer to travel by plane arhter than train or baot .
The third one is cofmor .
The plane is maybe more comfortable than btoh Trian a boa .
In conclusion , I will aht the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is sepe , safety and comfort , which makes eh plane my first choice .
Everyone should take an aer fof beteen laevnig school before starting college or university , to eran mnoey or travel . It would be the bets awrd for a student who ahs tatedned hhg csohol .
Young people want to discover the world and traveling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on teh because all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Teh ebahc is located in A ugarda nad ist anem is O Muiño .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
It was aw very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the asnd on the ebcah .
I sunbath fo a evyr long mie nad then I went to a fae na and I had a drink .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my maily .
No future for a public transprot ? Is ihs cla true or not ?
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
I think that it al deepdns on eh development .
Now we ca expect that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yes , I agree , if you plan th journey to a faraway destination nad ofr a long time , you would prefer to do it by car , because , first , you 'll spe less travel , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as y need to .
tu if we are talking about train across yru tiy , would you prfere public transport or car ?
I think that this is the question fo eevrynoe , and three ca n't be one snwer ofr all , because one person can use public rtanpsort , and asv in this means not noyl noey , but the environment , but som people do n't want to sue p.t . because hte sepnd more mie travelling or they simply do n't liek to travel with other peopel .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transportation will be passing on uor streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Hleol raa ,
htank you fo oyur email .
My name is Omahmed and I am a 28 - eyra- lo amel from teh Kigndmo of Bahrain .
I go to hte G and urn on a daiyl biss to keep in shape and good health .
Lokonig fowrard to finding out more about oyu .
My villag is the place where I live , so I am trying to ekpe the environment non - pollutde and suitable for lfi .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take stpes and atcion to protect the environment as follows :
no smoikn in public places .
increasing the number of rtee and plants and punishing people who cut them down .
establish facotries outsied of the ivllaeg .
protect hte awtre osurces a eh s .
giued people and gave them information , details na guidelinse about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favourite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It hsa different food to other restaurants . I like crisyp ihcken with garlic sauc . It 's an excellent choice for me . My favorite appetizer is asuasge and in odrer htat dessert I like " Vadeg " ckae with chocolaet sauce . I feel at ease wh I go htere . I enjoy classical umsci whiel ahvin lunhc . About the service : it 's very good and all the tsaff a respetcalbe . I ca n't iamgine en week witohut going there . That wou drive me ntu . I advise everyone to go there and eojy their tim there . Also , this restaurant hsa a erlative advantgae in hygiene really . It 's ecxellen . The striking thign ro anyone , is that despite ll of tsee avdanatges , the prices are not epxensive .
Vloleyball is one of the most idfficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other sed in the gam .
I have been playing volleyball for twelv years and because of that , I have got to know a lot of people who helped me to grow up in the sport dn life .
ehn I was 10 , I hcose to play with a group of girls older than me . Teh was good , na I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favourite sport because when I am plyaign with my team , I am in another owrld in which I ca be free and happy . Apart from this , I am feeilng da . tsi is a distratcion from university .
You should rty playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you ha to try ma something like you should do in life .
On weedkays , I get out of my bde at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to slepe around 12 AM .
I usually play dieo games if I do not have a hmoewokr to do .
I am not a gi af of soptrs , so I do on lpya ayn .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself FTI .
Michael woke up in the morning to read the newspaper .
In the neswpaepr , he read an interesting notice .
eh notice sa about a comeptitio .
hte competition was about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enetr .
First , he found an idea for eh stor and he edicded to make the story aobtu iprates look f treausre .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Micahel did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael eedd the story and he went to the ops ofifce .
Michael sent the styr but he closed the door and enw at the moemnt he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Yes , I tihnk TV acn entretain dn edutae , because there are man comedeis .
Laso ehre is an educatioan channel .
I think historical cahnnels are very niteersting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Cmoedie are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the ufture of public transport .
Different experts have talked about this question a so there are several opinions .
People like to ha the rfedeom to travel comfortably and for tih reason , some people suaully perefr to use cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetalbes because you can noly use tranpsrot at the time that the timebale lets oy .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to tarve hwen their nee to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is elss than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determine the most use of the tahn public transport .
Susan is a little drag .
Her sikn is colored er and green ; red dot on otp of the rgeen to be more precise .
Sh deos htat every da fater school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
ihs ksin is colored red , just like thri father 's .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for aegs because I was really busy because of ht exam at University .
What about oy ? What 's happening in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held sat month .
So I work there as something like a member of staff .
My work conissted of maknig press advertising , providing all the ticekst , fdo for musicians and things like that .
I got two French V.I.P tickets , so I took my igrlfriend and we wre there together .
After the concert finished , we went to eh rdessin romo to ge autorgaphs fmo musicians .
I felt like a sra ! Corwd of people people waiting in front of the dressing romo for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so enviou ... I liekd it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Oy lil earn gdo monye and oyu have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Nice to see you oso
ojnh
Advertising is everything .
There a das on TV , on the raido , on buess , on the streets ...
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A l of people think that there are ot nay asd on television , but , is that right ?
On the other hand , it 's true that one program or series which we watch has a lot of menitnos of products or esrvices .
There cna be people tired of so many davertisin contne , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of pdoucts which have to be advretised na a lot of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the message in hti way .
In addition , behind one ad tehr a to of things : one industry .
In one ad three are , ofr xeampl , ht publicist 's wkr , the ocmpanise 's investments , future slae , eh prudct or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are neecssray beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of eyra is summer .
Why do I make this choice you clearly ks : I love USN and good weather .
se , it is true that in in summer the temperature is evr to and you na rarely tsay in the sun because you e up being bunrt by t usn .
In spite of this , summer is a very good itm to enjoy the iltlte things lfie gives us and have ufn iwht hte .
During summer I love to go there because I go sunabthing with my friends as well as having uf with them playing volleyball or running in the awetr of the sea !
I think those activities are very ergenearting and they amke uo froegt about la the eha of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other dsy of teh yera and this makes you feel relaxed .
I aelly lki to epxolre anture udring summre t .
The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshin ra fabulous .
Dear US SUMME MaPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the poistion of children you advretising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation edgre at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in Roder to pya my efes .
I have some experience working with children of all egs , and I do n't min ahdr work and I learn quickly .
Aos , I just got my FC certificate this year , ub it would ehpl me a to if I prcatisde my neglsih in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , social , world - organized and above la patein . Threeofre , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can aadp msyel easily to any ikn of situation or environment , especially working overseas , because it would be a ince experience beacues I would meet en poelpe and experience a different uctlure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yuors faitfhluly ,
Treesa Wyoscik
It had been a very long time and tiirn dya , ub Tom let he had acheived something really good .
His fianlly , after 5 years , wno a swimming competition .
It was really important to mi because he ahd been rtainin for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't acheived anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He vnited all his firedns from the taem and had a party .
Tom wanted Eml , his girlfriend , to come oto .
She was really proud of him .
She draetm of being h wi .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to back up with her at that part .
He was watched 2 hours f him .
He ahtde that s w always ltae .
That was the main reason he wanted to end .
ehn le cmae she looked gorgeous .
And wehn he saw her , ihs ehrat satrted to beta afster dn afster .
But tiem w up .
He got closer to him and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left ihs home .
He floloewd nad apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He had to sya with her because of ... the baby .
He ocudl n't juts leave eh carryin h bayb !
No ! He had never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and have the baby .
He decided to go swimming up and tsart to Taek rae of M .
One ad Mel was feeling raelyl bda so mo took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was a girl .
Mel sot ht abyb .
They had to make a decision .
Hsi life wa going to change .
Mel was cyrign all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He broke up with Mel and it made re much more sa .
He did n't ca .
He thought it was her fault that she had lts theri ltilte human .
Gliidn in the awves
Ene if I am evry interested in tianing , the oprt I really want to do is writing .
The sensation of being embraced by water , feeling the body uqiet without weigh , able to mkae a lot of movements that are impossible hwile in the air , cerates a wonderful stat of imnd .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , but I wanted to learn .
I went to lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are not a good iwmmer , you loes a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the awtre , tiher in the sea or in polo .
Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before reading , because it is fairly sipmel and it na give a lot of satisfaction !
Your effort will be reawrded iwt success , and you can get it through practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in ru leisur tim in Castelldefels .
·Activities to pas ht time
As our town is world - known for uo magnfiicent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and ro the Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , many froiegn and loacl people come her to do activities like kitesurfin and windsurfin at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olypmi Canal .
These activities are the mots popular and the mo expensive too .
However , I fully recommend the especiall ro sporty , adventurous young people .
Another idea for havign nu
In Castelldefels , the aer otre activities that er els popular , ubt chaeepr . For instance : fr zmuba matsecrlass , baec yoga , running ... as sports activities , na as social activities teher ar library group , hteatr ...
As I sadi , these activities are n as popular as the activities on the Oylmpci Cnaa and the beach , but their use is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , fnialyl , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combien the different types of activities , both the popual and the newse .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great tmi hre in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I wsa lga to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the bes awy to g to Salou .
You will moe into ues airport , right ?
Well , the airopr is located just outside Reus . It 's sma btu it ah a to of esrvice and transoprt .
You have to take a su because it is more economical than taking a tax .
The bsu stops at Salou bsu station .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone about Spring Street .
It 's nea tree .
He can walk to my house .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to loacte the street .
htis is my adderss : 4 Spurce avenue .
I 'm plainng oyur visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to haering for Yuo soon .
ebts Regards ,
Mary
edar Serigo García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sidllo Tóerz .
I am an Engineer of Execution in imnes . I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly niteretsed in na I am cmopetnet to apply for the position of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qulatiies dn professional siklls seem to suit the needs of your company .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to sue the new technology this great project requires .
I am also abl to lead the opertaions of the project responsibly and through tma wor to achieve teh ojbectvie and to continue with the presiteg that your cpmany has .
My work experience is outatnding because I have the privilege of belonging to " Mine El Teniente " as shift manager , hcief of Operations at " Minera Adnina " a at eh evaulation dpeartmetn of CODELCO rpoejcts .
I really appreciate oyu tmie and ocnsideration .
It would be a pleasure to idscuss in preson hw I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt repsnose from your company .
Withtu ufrther dao , I reamni , yours faithfully ,
Giullermo Seidllo Tórrez
Nwoadasy , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . ro me , it is a good thing that people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multiantinoal companies that ene people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in ib ocmpaines , or will have more chances of being rpomoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to rtvael to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you ca understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to ste inside the context of that another culture .
Today , globalziation is birnging the world close together . Taht emasn hta htere er omre possibilities to hva ocntact with other cultures , for example through literature , poerty , films , TV programs , music or smoe other aspects of the uclutre .
On balanc , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibliity of learning a new language , do it , because it will brnig you men beneifts .
A LETEt OF COMPLATn
Julio Camariol
Montano avenu nº2
Post Cdoe 01273 Cáceres
August , 23rd 210
De Si / Madm ,
I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , moedl 00254 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one batte , model 001221 .
en month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on oyu online website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 omdle ) which needs btatreies , mode 002455 .
The delivery wsa rwnog , so I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I had no mobil , I would not be able to work .
To solve the problem , I would like to ercevie the batteries by express pos .
The delivery error was made by you , so htsi tiem , it should be stn with free delivery .
If I do ont haer from y within the next two days , I hsal be forced to contact my soliictro .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile stll does not work .
I hope to have orm oyu soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evalutae both bad points and good points of the uesr 's opinions of the Actiev Leisure club recently .
First , people in htis have actually found a suitable place to eojy their itme through a range of activities and gam hwich are ehl creatively effcetiveyl and rae suitable ofr idfefrent agse .
Besides , it has enough doern facilities to serve t users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give ehl .
However , there is only no thing that we dislike .
Wht the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , beisdes its good point , I wuold hihgl recommend that they should arrange teh time suiatbyl avdi they hold the activities to solve problems .
Given is a diagram inrtodcuing the procedures for making bank ontes .
Edsinging the ban ontes is the first and most inidspensalbe step .
Pepole sohuld decid the bcakgroudn colour adn teh arwtokr and htye haev to consdier th securyt sisues .
Th , Skille machinsits rpepare the emta lpatse in order to go to the next title .
The third ste is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 abnk notes re hseet .
The colour will be pirnte on both sdies and erey note has ist unieu in . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
fater taht com the most signfiiacnt sgae ; that is , inspetcign the quality of the printed sehtes .
People usually divdie hte quality into three parts : goo quality , partially dagaed , and ba shete .
As for good uqality sheets and partialyl admgaed but stli ogdo sheets , people lil cu them into separaet notes and pakc them together in order to dispatch and ditsribtue hte bank notes .
If t partially damaegd hseets er ba , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the digaram gives the quite precise prcoess of making abn notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every set needs people to be very careful in order to prdouec the perfetc bank ontes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Eveyrthing beag a few years ago , when Alfred , the Maoyr , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the happiness and happiness of people .
He satrted to him about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
A conecrned population
Wlie youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of their vlilage about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , Middle - aged people have alnted many trees around the village and clean the floor of uo public lpaces making it an more attractive place to liv in than we used to ha .
Eays recycling
Th local authoritise helped this intiiatvie by ceratnig some lpaces for people to leave their rubbish in odrer for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new ilfe to our waste .
hte results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we have one of the claenets ivllaegs in the area .
eppole now worried about the uftuer of the planet and an association has been craeted in order to promote the caer of our lpanet , Geren lpanet , it is called .
We wa a happy rath .
Lelo Luis lbacno ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruimtetn for the " New Cloud Genreatino " project .
So we eed your help with some questions about the rpoecss .
For oyur information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good taemwroking skills .
We also require that they have specialised studise in lcou technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't ifnd enough people with that profile , so , we must accept people with one yae 's experience .
Is it opssibl to hold the meeting this week ?
When an hwer do y pref ? ( Reembmer that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could hold the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to travel to another place .
Finally , I need you to rpepaer some profiles of the qualities that you have the stfaf of N Cloud Generation ohuld hvae , and please tell me if you ifnd naother different reque than the one I otld oyu before in th e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñiog Oje .
Dear Pua ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a conctr ?
It was a really extiing dn unforgettalbe xeperienc dn I enjoyed it very mu .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met the members of Dżem band . I atlekd to them and we had nuch toegtehr . They 're vyr ni mne . Because of hpling tme , I had the best place duirng the concert and I have their autorgaphs on the latest rceor . I di n't have mna udties adn none of thme were nupleasan .
In geenral , I h oln one dyt , and thta was chceking eh guest lis . On ot of that , I had to help with clnaing eh area fate ht ocncert .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working thme is a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be albe to tla to oy about this experience .
Loev ,
Domiinka
Reoprt :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at yoru branhc in Madri last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth taking into account about the nxe course that will take place next year .
First , I owul like to stand up to the outstaidng classamtse teacher in class .
Thye wre n only really clever people , b aos exclelent co - owrkers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning ayn subjects , even English .
Second , the taechres hda really goo teachi iklls .
They managed to encouraeg la of us everyone .
Thsi way , we med the omst of it and never improve our English English .
Third , the phonetci classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
Thye helped me to pronounce word better Htan before taking the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have bene at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
Thta aw , we would have been bal to eha a ntaive spaeke dn I think it owlud have been worth practsiing .
To wrap up the report , will I say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looikn roward to signing up for it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Jaun Orozoc
I am kee on cinema and I love to watch la yteps of fism .
But , wha fimls are in my otp 100 ilst ?
In my opinion , Babel is an afscniating flim with a dramaitc and thrillnig storyline that is one of the tpo 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it ohws the different life tsoires of movign characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very relaisitc and the cators gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that dra gen lovers watch Babel as I mesaseg lil Moev you .
It revael that our feeilngs rcos the boundaries of all cultures a we are connected to another other .
My mae is Moahmed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Sa , Egypt .
I am a student in my 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Sadi University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have no brother na en ssiter .
I have been diogn ujod f teh pas 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are traveling , reading sotires and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and naalyizng information , so I am taking a lot of ocurse to training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchres in the world in ddition to becoming a member of owrl Health Organziatino ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mdn , but I work ahr to make ihs dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharcay , a restaurant and a wate pruificatio cpmany .
I believe that work is everything an experience can work miracles in our lives , so I cohse htis rpogram because I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer . b ehn I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me a of my personality .
hwe I work , I feel that I ha the owlrd in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug f no of eh incurabel disaesse , lek canc , ADi an hepattiis .
I 've asked msylef many times . What is teh of your life ?
nad what are the benefits of working and studying ?
tu if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be desreevd from everyone to work so hard and cahiev their hpoes .
I learned from research that you can do everything on your own . In addition , a little tired ca change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new lpaecs in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a to of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chnac of experience which will help and inspire me for commnutiy esrviec an the edevlopment of my sociyt , as I hope to moe ba an teach oehrs whta I hva leran .
I am writing in refrence to the job as the camp montiro that you require in the summer .
I swa yuor advertisement this morning and I am really intereste in it .
Although I am an oyugn girl , I think I am a qualified person for th job .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient dn nu . In my opinion , these are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a tea too .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do think being young will be a problem .
nisetad , I believe it is an advatnage .
Young people ra usuayl ahdr - working and active people .
If you reuqire yn furtehr infoamtion , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum viea with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owde acr ?
To be honest , I am to Sru .
Although private woned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a cmoomn asset in developing countries , it is not likely that the means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today reailze tah in our icties and in uor lpaent there is an icnreaisng problem of space and pollution .
Crabon - saed fuels will not last forever .
I owuld as hta , most probably , private cars are nto " ssutainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to return to some osrt of public transport .
The population - growth forecast told us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will rise by a satggering 3 billion human beings .
I kn that it is nec to eram of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small pirvaet helicopter .
B it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , not eve an cars .
Sattse and lcoal authorities will have to tackle this problem and provide the public with a better alternatiev . T
he priec fro inedpednent transport will incraese darmatically .
I think that this will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on it , the ince old train could been important aagin .
miagien htis ipcutre : eh first class of the semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher . When the teacher asks eh answer , students can not answer because they totally ca n't remember what they studied all semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient deucatoin if they sptn 11 months a year studying , ratly because , after the olng vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will give students up to ahvign nu instead of studying , an parlt ebcause som difficult courses should be continually stduied .
Therefore , I gare with the tstaement that students could receive a teter , more efficient eudcatoin if they sepn 11 months a aer studying .
Roe reaso and detiasl will be shed ilgth on in the following paragrap .
To ebgni with , htree is a gnereal conesnssu that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in historical cals , historical teachers have to repaet teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the hsitor of Souht maeirca at the beginning of the seemsetr .
It is evr tim - watsing and ont efficient .
enxt would be , stuedtns egt used to relaxing because of having no tsudy and homework in the long avcatoin .
For examel , weh the semester statrs , students can not get ore the snushnie , ebcah , and trvaelling .
In the class , students will recall the jyoflu time they had isntea of paying attention to the teacher .
alts but not least , more difficult courses should be continaull studied rather than hanig a long break .
For nistanec , learning English should be a dial activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutsehl , baes on the aforemenitoned , I totally disagree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 mohts a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother tauhg me to play it .
My father is a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited his goals for soccer .
I played soccer in different taems in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing scoecr because when I am on the plyanig feidl I forget ll problems .
I liek to speak with my team .
Togetehr we analyze the irvla team na we hcosoe a strateg to ni the mathc .
When I play badly , I eel agiatted , but my teammates give me their unconditoinal supoprt .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do these sports there is a high probability that you will be healthy .
So , if you are trying this sport , you should do it because you will really li it .
If you do n't like it , there are maybe otpions to do ohte soprst .
Socce is not a vloent spotr , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this aewsoem psotr .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Fal .
Something that made me happy w seeing my family .
On September 1st , 2014 , I went to New York Ctiy .
During the length I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched ebautfiul omvise .
When I arrived , my nulce was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
He ah a really nice house and I sa happy to see my little ocusin " Ange " , who looks ju like me .
In N Yro I et so mu . I als went to the city that envre sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle had teh awesome idea of going to Inagara Falls .
We wne by car and it was about 8 hours lno .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost tow .
It does ont have very much to do , tu there ree the falls .
I was impressed at how huge the falls were .
They are incredible , amazing and beautiful .
I took so nay photos because I do n't visit places like that every day .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My nucel Juan lives in the United States of America and I want to have him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Agnel was very happy to see me and me too . We are li siblings .
My au gave me a to of presents because she likes they do not see me frequently and mnay other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited aweosme lpaces li Ngaara aflsl nad Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious fdo .
Most students attending universities rae awy rfom the ciyt ehre they used to lvie , so , they need accommodation to vie in throughout their tsduies .
OMTS universities provide chea accommodatiosn , such as sahred romo in dormitories for their students to learn hte csost , because MTS students have a lot of income .
tohe students , who may have afmliy financial suppro , prefer to hire an apartment to live indeepnedntly .
Sharing houses or rooms has many disadvantages , such as being ehap , safe , close to the nuivresity , and a chance to learn how to sahr anything with others . Svaign monye na time will be omre obviuos in university dormitori because montyl paymtns will be lses than four times those for hiirng an apartment , and becaus th lil be closer to the university . Saving money and ti is roe efficient beacuse of reducni transporttaion csost .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I na - to live in an apartmetn ehre personality is very important to me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a ef omntsh durnig a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was rity , spoke loudly all the time and did not ahre ubdget fro ofdo . Living alone will grant me hte rfedeom to lvi in the way thta I choose and stlil be friendly iwth all hte otehrs without exece the privacy of my firends . This is not caheived when ilivng in shaerd room .
Tehy annoys me .
Although the feedarl government wcih is decided as a orl of the US hsa many beenfits according to eh reading psasage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liebrty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is to alyas ogo for the lectuer , whe it amy rceate soem conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of an ohmosexual . wehr smoe states allo th marriage , others do n't .
Aslo , the raeding passage declares that even though the federal government lets each satte function independence , it still controls the ma decisions .
hti causes some problems hweer the letcurer caused the failure of the federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nedaa desret .
Also , the control of the fedral government is the reason wyh each of the states and the federal government blaem each other for the increase in unemploymetn in some tsatse .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives ferdeom and power , causes amyn problems , such as no isgnle polci a cnofusion evr responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think aht any type of trip is exciting , but tehy las have their frsutrating moments .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico , I uold gi wto importna pieces of advice ; first , tr to get along with uor Tarevl copmainon and enjoy the emxcian fo isntaed of criticising the spicy falovur .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , eg away from the frusrtatoin of an unknown place , get alnog with your travel companion , succeed as a travel and arriv another triumphnat .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexcio , I suggest tha eh travel fnids a way to get along with si or re company .
Htis miniaml chnac will mkae a big difference when you visit another city .
As an employee , if you are able to te along iwth oyru tarve cmopanion , you can enjoy each ommen of teh irp , exchange som pictures , aet togehte , visit palecs of cmomo intrees such as museums or malls .
Another advice that I would vie to people coming to Mexico is th htye ejnoy Mexican foo .
Mxeicna food h a olt of tsat dishes fro different sattse in the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy ofo , nad also , mso of hte tem , could eg angry about the excessive amount of peppe that Mxeican people usually use to rpepare their fodo .
As an ipece of advice , I would suggest you try sauce with les people .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexcia food with less ppepre and the asm edlicoius flavour that is so cahracteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offreed two important pieces of avdcie from visitors that come to my ocuntry : trying to get alcohol with yoru cmopanio in order to have fu , and trying to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After teh Itnernte aw inneted a revelaed fro the first time on August 92th 916 , Social Meai Site ( SMS ) is the enxt omst significant innovation aht ah ptrly relpcaed face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , sends ou 700,0 msesagse , and 170,00 Twetes are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Usnurprsiingly , the social ocnsequneces of Faecboko an Twitetr play an impotratn rol in ocmmunicaiton , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SM in general , do not want to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cylc of bullyin .
This essay will focus on the benefti disadvantages of Facebook and Twtter , and als comments the potential ufutre of these implicatnos .
Communciating c be ahcieved , reagrdless of distance , even Facebo and wttiter .
The beenfit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be trasnmitted to redaesr amlsot instantly .
Firsyl , Facebook and wtitter cna are used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and hwere htier geative efeligns aer expressed .
Secondly , Facebook privdes the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily cativiites of friends , making observations about relatives , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( trhouhg wall posts , pokse , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeado , Qui , & Kowert , 2031 ) .
That is to say , human behavoiur on Faecbook are interacted with others by shari hteri mood , and reeciivng ersponses .
Tridly , Facbeoo can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knoweldg aobu ht members nicreases continulayl , and morevoer , amintaining relaitnos with otre eixstin members , and aos sharing their ocmomn interests v the social ntewokr .
( Emerald Guop Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are lalowde to following anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
ofr instance , by followi fmaosu cleerbities , people can easily see lal teh daiyl activities hwihc ra posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or ussr in egnearl , may have less personal priavcy , and , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive towards someone .
However , inofrmaiton which appears on Facebko or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
omstly , Fabeook users expect their friends to respond or to atetntio to what they are doing .
In cat , also with gareaeble and pleaasnt comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of lal , people can post an rcais commenst which tagret a specific group or person .
For example , after the preimre of The Hunger Game was reelasde , an afn poste an nose racist twee said that they were unhappy because none of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible ifnormatino through SMS , it hsa eld to many problems involved iwht cycle - bullying , cycel - badgerign , cycle - staikng behaviou ( Krishan , as cite in Williams & Merten , 280 ) .
Fo exapmle , Kirshna et al.(20 ) repotrs a case of continuous hraasmsent of a woman by an amn claled Mr .
X " daimtted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not comepetnt to tsand trial on cahrges of stlakin , harassment , trespassing and teelphone harassment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitte , and SMS in egnera , may replace fec - to - fcae communication na imrpoev their functions , because people fee more freedom or enjoy using afceboko or Twitter without ahvin to ese ehc oth 's appearance .
Therfeore , it would be eaisre to be connected nad ke in touch with friends iwtihn a seocnd , rather htan hvae to call them .
The possible ouctomse might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communication skills they have .
In addition , to decersae teh sik of neagtive commenst or pots , Faceobok and Twitter should improev their fuutrse by slovign the persnoa privacy prolbem .
For example , controlling hwta posts should be sent by adding more private options .
However , depsit the usfeulnses of these impliactinos , people sohul pay attention to teh aftc hta Facebook and Twitter could affetc their society lives and avoid suing it lot of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter ra thta people to communicate and be connected to the firneds ferquently .
Also , people can easily erdcue their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they efle .
In conclusion , because Facebook and Twitter have been connecte worldwide , protectnig presonal rpivayc is probably impossible .
Possbiyl , users might experience aggression woards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography clsses for everyone
Intrdouciton
Teenagre rae cosntnatly influecned by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included on all of these sites .
laso , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is hte bes ya to captur special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply bteter techniques at the mometn of taking a picture should be consideerd , Lek leanrnig to Dr .
Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the eudcatino system to the same level .
eh reanos
Recent studies hswo that in the last tewnt years more than 3,000 pohtographs have been taken per eprso in the world , especially in the latset generaiton 's lives ( teenaegrs and ki ) .
This nicrease is relaetd to the ovrewhelmnig dveelopmen of technologies in comptuesr , cmareas , cellphonse , etc .
Also , photography is consdiere as a type of art , so it reqiures the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
hwa lovely weatehr otady !
What a wonderful day ! It is Arpil no and finally spring has come .
A bright su is hsinin , the nso melted waya in amrch .
The first spring birds have come abc from eh awrm countries .
Thye are signign ufnny and biuldign the ensst .
People are also happier .
Tehy are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set ru lcocks ofrward en huor in amrch .
eh British smumertiem was first introduced in England in 1980 .
The dasy become long and the nights g hsorte adn lightre .
We usually our clocks back an hour in October .
A lot of people have , because they can sleep ( for ) o ohru more .
Hokcey as a lifsetlye
Although all sports ehpl yo to have a healthy level , hokcey porivdes oyu wit more than just being healthy or fti .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a spo ?
Yuo think that your life will mirpove ?
Wll you rae miatken ?
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skille or willing to t n tihnsg .
Whta if you do n't have any of these erquirmeents ?
Then yuo nkwo ohckey is the naswe .
Hockye is a spo I have played for many years and it tunred uot to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
It 's a team oprt .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to rtai fvie dsy a ewe and uo nee to cocnentrtae a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my lfi I have wanted to improve at htsi spor a since 2010 . It has become a lifestlye to me .
Why would I ercommen this to you ?
It would definitely help you to gwo and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will statr to see it with a different view .
So sot esarhcing for eh right sprot . htis en is fo you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transportation for the environment .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional oen ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones dn aht 's why pollution is one of the several issues that we have to deal iwt .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to lederly people .
The government and mnay compaines rae emsauring C2o emissions hwihc are bieng produced by industrial or service processes that are neecssary for produicn goods for society 's consumption .
If people do n't use public transportation , they control awlk , rdi an ibek or buy a traidtional c , and that will probably happen ehn the edstination is af fro the place weher you ilve .
From my point of view , public transport will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could amk people su public transportation and protect the environment from Oc2 meisison and prevent global warming .
In Cosla , people are well informed about atkign care of the environment .
eh cti couicl has conducted sveera campaigns to improve the waraeness of its citizens . For example , ihldren lear at school wo to separate them .
There are many ecological islands .
Eahc of them h three or four kinds of bin and teh ar not as far as two hundred mteers .
There have been several plannig campaigns to plnat rtees and to clean the river Ajarma 's abkns .
However , it is nevr enough , because dog owners are totally to blame .
Since 2008 , three er nay bike paths have across the city , so eh citizens will be able to aovdi using an acr and they will create lse ri polluiton .
The ogrnaic waste is ipcked up very ya and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to taek ovre eh problem .
A problem hwich was caused by us , human beings , with theri taregt of making omeny without thinking of the efefcts .
My family is very concerned about this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is a great quality in the city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
We live in a ctotgae and we have Sevral ibn hwich er lcsasified according to the metrial we want to recycle .
However , we nu an organization which pa people who bring us the amterials to ercycl .
The proceeds are given to several roganizations which take care of the environment .
My isstre teachers epopl what to do with things they want to te ird of , such as bottles or paper .
She is alb to make such beautiful jeweller that lots of people are following her !
It sohw that this knowledge of things can have a second ilf .
As soon as the first revr ends , the southern bodrre of geyp is over .
eh Nile riev is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civliizatoin , which is over 6 thousand years old .
All histoirans , researchers , scientists agree on this .
na as for me , I totally supoprt their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of riv civilization in the huge Sahara deser .
Throughout itme , the Nil has be hte oln sourc of awetr of Egyptians .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the are of retile lands .
The Egypains called their country ' Black Land ' to amrk it off from the red soil of the desetr .
Nodaays , hte dpe and wide valley of hte lie ha ceome teh omst importatn transpotr ilne for Egypt .
Throug teh centuires , epopel ahve ebe expolrin the nature of the Nile .
T nacien Egyptians divided the yra into two seasons comapred to dry or wte eprido .
Tye knew when it would be the ' Green Niel ' or ' Rde Nile ' to stock up with celan wtae .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization is a negative sied as well as a positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearnace of a lot of paltns and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians sitl liev far from the main waetr arte of the country and can hardyl fdn clean wtare to rdin .
But I hope , as oson as Egpyt becomes developed , the government will pay attention to the eoclogical problems at a high level .
When most people think baotu is an important historical place in Italy , thye htink of Duoom , in Mialno .
ub the oumo is not eh mo important .
I am sure you 'll agee that it 's the Colosseu .
of centruies , this buidlin has been the symbol of this city .
It 's uqite ancient , b sti fascinating for thousands of oturitss , who coem every year .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tit , oh was teh Ramn empreor .
It was used for shsw with animals or uhmans , who were killed without pity .
In addition , anval wra weer represented in roedr to celebrate eh Roman ramy .
It ah been ruined through ht gaes , but people understand the importance of taking care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it ermidns us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not lal people know of it .
It 's our strength and every thing I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in ubildign it .
That 's it is important : it makes us undesrtand that we should never give up nad to follow our dream .
In this fast - movign world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activity .
Everybody eneds a med of tranpsort to eanr their living .
There is no piotn in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient means of transportation , but mos of the populatoi can not fford it .
There are disadvantages and advantages to using public transport .
First , to idscuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and comfortable for ll csases of people in osciety .
A number of ubess are prodied by the government in order to mte people 's financial means .
Usnig public transport is a waste of time dn hte afraid that there is no public are so of disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has won advantages and disadvantages .
Not everyone can afraid ojruney by car as it is ocstyl , but to dsicus teh benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy when travelling and it is conveinent
na sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sum up , iwth it is n approrpiate to sya that there is no future for public transport because both have qeual advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denyin that the MRT in htsi ctiy is a conevnient metroploiatn system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
They occupy too many seats , including priority sea .
Furthermore , most of these ra students .
They do n't respect other passengers , btu ju kee laughing and teasing another toehr , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think the providnig safety for elderly people is also a problem .
Priority seast are reserved for those who nede htme , not only edleryl people but also some adults who need them .
Somehow , you ca n't always understand whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely rfo their appearance , which leads to osm misunedrstandnig btewee .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
Moreover , some lod people might taek their considerate actions ro rgnated and they might veen commnad young dault or students to use their sae without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in uo cyt ha nothing to rciticzie expect htat .
Everyone should dveleop their awareness of pbulci manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depned on television ofr entertainment , education , news and films .
TV sa many benefits :
Firstly , it enablse young people to share cultural experiences iwht ohtesr .
TV can act as a catalyst to get ikd reading - following up on TV programs by gteting books on the smae subjects or reading authors hwose owkr was daatped for the programs .
Television ca teach kids important vlause and life lessons .
Educational rpogramming can develop your children 's socialization and learning skills .
wes , current evnts na technology progarmming can help mkae young people more arae of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help nirtoduce young people to watch Hollywood films and foreign movies that they would not otherwise see .
Cultura porgarmming ca open up the world of music and ra for young people .
Btu television also has negative effect : ifsrt of la , children who spend a gerta dael of time watching television get less exercise .
In Daditino , ehse children receive less soicalization iwht other children .
Television also atke waya from family ti .
This is laso true ofr families eat in front of their television .
I dla wit consulting na asles of financial pordutcs dn services of an international bank , in the mass market and small businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acqiusition of advice to the signing of contracts , biulding and maintaining after - slaes realtionships in the interests of cusotmer satisfaction
I have also worked with a large and small team in back - ofifcse , mnaage and administrative activities related to mortggaes , personal loans , cnotability and investemtns .
I worked for several years on the caquisitio of enw customers , to provide them with a complete service , rfo eh accounts to insurance products , investment prdoutcs , personal loans , reovvling credit , and cross - selling prdoucst .
In mayn eyar of work , I have honed my skills in modern no - standard situations , analyizn problems , finding and implementing practicla a aesy solutino .
I have faced several situations and always work with serious and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural dynami team .
I 'm careful to meet the ogals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the gaol by provinig my skills , always always willing to learn , respecting the points of eiw and finding awsy to ael .
I have worked at the same lagre company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I ne to work . My husband h been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite my family .
I like sports such as skiing , rdinig and walking . I 've also go a rescue licen . I worekd as a lifeguard in the summer wihle studying for eh patent padi vie maste
Nowadays , we lal hope that public rtanpsort can save the world .
When we see la the ca in our yards , when we si in traffic , we think aht one day we will have to elave ou acr and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an etrenla traffic ma .
But , probably , this situation is not the period of development of transpor .
We ra to baout a lo of innovitons in this sphere .
For instance , oogle reproted abtu Googlemobile .
Maybe others will be able to drive more intelligently thna people .
If they contact each other and sue Googlemap or osmething like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all eppole like the idea of Goolgemobile .
Some people think it should take awy their independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drni in spite of the fact that they are drviers at the moment .
However , three will always be epopel wh diilke bein a driver nayway .
na htere will always be people who hate bulic tranpsort .
eh question is , which sort of people ahev more imaptc in the world , and , fianlly , woh wil decide ?
H What languages do you speak ?
Did you ever thought of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Toady it is milse more improatnt to learn a foreign language than before .
There are a few reasons which tell you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another courty , it is really useful to speak the loc lanuggae , it makes yuor rtip easier and more comfortable .
Sceodn , f finding a good ojb popotrunity , the business exchange is increasing at the interantioanl level . If you sepa a foreign language , certanily it dasd some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Thir , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , egtting to know a different culture and society different to yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Ove htsee years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
Fmo nwespaeprs , amgzaines , evn foriegn meida , we can easily figure out that our environment is cahnging seveerly .
Many scientists suggest that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of uhman 's greed .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable ilfe , but forget to protect and cherish the Eaht at the same time .
Technologically advacned countries have cleared a great number of forests and lna to ublid ta buildings .
Various factories meti excessive crabno dioixde nit ht a .
These examples will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
With the temperature increases , the quality of ilfe is .
If people raoun t wolrd do n't ptu mroe mephasi on uo natrula environment , we will have a dra an hoeples ufture .
eu to cliamet change , the weather is so oht that people could veen have a awter shotrage .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will ebcome aek and rohg .
In this situation , instead of lguhter na happiness , there will be more fighting , hartde and asdenss .
Everoyne will live in despai , btu be ubale to fi t entrnaec to brightness .
Tsee terrible consequences are caused by the Humnas ' unstaisfied eharts .
Firends , from now , let us be ht onse to prtocet a take car of ou Eart !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the best dream is if you ge disocevred .
When people find that they have been deieved , that their turs were betryaed , heads will orll .
You have to be precise , fat , and a really good acro .
ht passion for the acues is the key to survinig .
It is just something that I have to do , not oyu , no her , me .
I did n't choose that . This j chose me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw avdertised .
For sat years , I have been a member of the swimming group at eh University .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first di course , in t Red Cro .
The bo would give me the opportunity to sue the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with and knowledge .
Pelsae do not hesitate to contact me if you should reqiure further information .
I am available to aetnd an interview at your conevniecne .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Seabstián ehrández
In our modern world , many people suffer from strses that springs from life conditoins .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this cnoidtion during holidays .
Threefoer , it can be said that holidays are the best option for people to reenw the soul and revive the spirit .
During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can psedn more items with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prfeer to go to Natula alces with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to froget hard life conditiosn .
On the o hadn , ohlidyas are the best people in terms of thinking clearly auot tier experience in life .
People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
For instance , in stressful life conditnos people can mkae da decisino about their future .
Bedies , people underestiamte emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives na ehy foreg auot these emotional feelings such as lo , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays , people get closer and they reemmber their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
At the saem itme , people have a chance to go to sacerd places in roedr to renew their spirits .
Teh ac prya to God and it is a reilef for people .
When people remember these emotoinal na spriiutal subjects , they become more hap . This is bceaues people ene to leave the mtaeiral world .
Druing holiyas , people have itme to reveiw their mistaeks that leads to a tsressful ilf .
In conclusion , holiady are very suitable for people to help with their problems in stressful life conditions .
Alos , holidays are ve ehlpufl dya to rveive the spirit and the suol because people have a chance to eg away from modern life , which is full of matiral subjects .
Cyclign to sohol , to work or to do another activity is not a common habit in Sapin .
However , the government and the local coucnils of gi cieis such as Mdari or Valencia ra triygn ehir best to promote this movement because they consider it a awy of development .
On the one hand , they are ma beneftis to cycling .
Fisrtyl , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as olwernig CO2 imssions .
Furthermore , it utnrs to be the uqikcest mode of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the nicrease of danger on the road .
Statistically , cycilng is generally ordered to be more danegrous than tarvelling by ac .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rians , having to make a lot of effort to control tno a stron wnid , freeizn ewatehr or having to ekep drinikng duirng hot weather .
From my point of view , cycilgn contributes to improving the cmomnuity spirit and it is opssibl to look for solutions to faec teh diasdvantaegs of this action .
No en c edny htta travelling by c is mhc mroe convenient train travel by public tarnspotr .
For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for eh ub or the subway .
A tsi undesirable waiting item must not be so short during the holiday , due to els frequetn schedules .
laos , we acn dvie a ac to any place where the public rtansoprt is perha on bale to reahc .
Weh t bsu is crowde , we have to stand , making us more ehxausetd , especially after a long distance .
Even though casr cna provides us with so many disadvantages metnioned aobve , the advantage of travelling by upbli tarnsport should not be ignored .
First , public transport is good for the environment , compared to private cars .
As we all know , the apsesngers use public tranpsotr , eh less ca exhats is emitetd ep preson .
Recently , several sutides have ohwn evidence that there is a strno relationship between ca exhaust and lung cacne .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in portecting human biensg fro suffering diseases a saves lives .
Second , public transport saves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in citie , nowadays , our icteis become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for one person is becoming more limited than before .
If everyone ctiize owsn a car to use it rather than upblci transport for every travel opportunity , I suppose htta o streets will become car parks and everyone will psedn moer tim in cognestoin .
Last ub not lsat , public transport allsw people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to sruronudings , resulting in a tesn omo .
For a passeegr , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
Peoel na ilsten to music , atek a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
Although there are many advantages to public transport , tta does not emna that public transport is the best choice in every situation .
E.g. , it offre less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than biccyles .
Therefore , it is reasonable to conclude that no mode of transpotr na replca tohers .
It is better that people consider awra of their pros and cons than choose an iutable one .
Lagnuages fro the future
Should we learn other languages ?
We live in a world that changes ad to d and people nede to dveelo theri siklls nad ovecrome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could always oyu to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
laos , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian h believe sotehing essential in your lvise to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the rpic of the course .
Also , I think that it tends to be ahr and tkaes tim away rfom dnig any other tihgns .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because they will be proiftable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivaetd and to enjoy learning .
ru francisco axvire nº3 óbiso , 25 - 4 - 241
Dear usmme acpms ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I have had an apr - time job as a babysittre and I take care of my 11-yaer - old daughter very often .
I have worked in an aester ca ot , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
It is ofr these reasons I think I have the skill for the job .
I can be contacted of a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for this job , rodrgi
Today , I went to Wiine 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
We have a rgeat tiem .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
First , we listened to soem songs , such as " Almost " and " ibg Big World " .
After thirt minutes , we had tea .
Winnie really lovse eating , so I can easily fidn a lot of ofdo at her house .
We h muot - watering strawberry caeks and juice apple juice for tae and they were xetremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hi - a - seek otgether in Winni 's garden .
Adriana nad I ihd beihn a ebnc na Wnnie looked for us .
usddnely , Winin flel over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately net to him and picked her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I w shkaing like a laef dn my heart was pounding because I aws owrride aobtu Winnie .
I had ubtterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' iwnnie relpeid .
I felt relieved hte .
Then , Adria found a plaster and put it on iwnnie 's wuodn .
Winn felt warm isnied and smiled happily .
I felt happy otdya , lathough Wninei hu heeslf .
Why ?
It is because o friendship is mor rugged .
What an unforgettable d !
In my opinion , the future will be better .
The ohues of the future will be ibg dn bright .
Inside , it will be full of conveinences .
Bgi spaces will be divided into a few zones .
Relaxation , laerinng , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the hosu of the uftrue , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very hosue .
Television will be cordless , as way as the rpesent Internet .
veer house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contrcat .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favorite sport .
W do I lek wsimmnig ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olypmic psotr . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on eh wsimme 's effort , but you can also work teamwork when you participate in siwmmnig competitions .
It is a sport that requires a to of iftnes . It is a sport that can be learnt at any a , but children can tsar to learn to swim as elry as wt years of age .
Siwmmign ahs different styl ; dolhpin , rcaw , abcksrtoke adn bresat stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese dn need to rdeuce your weight . It is also the bset sport for asthmati ptaeints , because it strengthens hte chets muscles and dercesaes the vulnerability of those patients to resipraotry infections .
If you awn to satrt to learn to swim , hcosoe a place that has an experienced coach , and you to be ptr of a group of your own aeg .
Hello Apul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Anta in cotober .
I had a great time with people working as ehlper at the concert .
I got a lot of experience from that .
During a concert everybody can enjoy it , themsevles nobody tniks about wo they prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during hte prpearatino time .
For example , they know everything about each hepler 's job , but at the same time , th aer is concerned about their own subejcts .
I want to explain to you some nitreesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert . We decided to talk about the concert but we did our job which we wolud be given .
Whne we were arranging the occnert pla we did wo share for all of us .
Soem of them started designing the tsag , some of them checking snud vomue dn lights .
My job was check the songs which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the signesr .
They are always wantin to chnaeg osm snogs which were on the li .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actaulyl , everybody was worried because they had given their item and effort for it .
Finally , eh ocncert sttred and a teh ligths ree shining liek stras .
It is difficult to describe that thing .
When the cnoecrt finishe , I felt like a bird flying freel .
Of course , I h moe pain in my elgs because I aws tsandign all the time .
However , I like to being a volunteer on enjoybale projects .
I want to inivte you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come a ee how we prepare for the concert .
I am waiting for oyu meail .
ee oyu !
Technology is changing the way we lvie in many ways a how we receive and use information is probably the mo affected .
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
orm black - and - wihte ads poetd in public places , we have moved to pracitcally lviing surornuded by uotdoor ads placed in eveyr availabel imagianble spots .
rfom buildings with enormosu and bright scerens to interactvie buses stpo sigsn .
The recetn developments in moibel technology allow adevrtsiers to offer personalized advertising to eahc of us .
I 'm sru that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Maolrca on my computer or mobile at hmoe , on my way to rok teh asd on the buess I s - which of course will be srceen dn no printed paep - wlil sh images of Mlalorc , or an ad frmo tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will usit me sometmie , and it will evn be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The wa it fesl aggressive to neter a square or plaza in my town and find it ufll of birgth screen , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising imgth be considered a rat , or at laets smoe piecse a raelly artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic isd .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change nothing in my life , I would like to chnaeg my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the subur of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live more freely and with independence .
If I had htis ohus , I would decroate it in an omedrn tsyle .
I uold build a fitnses gym , an awlk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to sell a barbecue raae in my garden .
I could inivte my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sports , tennis will always be my awser .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting because it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very cahllengign .
When I feel stress , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you have to get a siutable racket first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you ra reuqirde to learn every basic skill by tse .
Sicne etnins requires lots of basic skills . If you do n't learn these important techniques alone dn steadiyl , you amy eg uhtr during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skille coach can teach you teh ebst siklls of nenis .
Do we have better teleivison ahn a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough chiocse on the screen ?
Can you imagine having two channles and not playing the whoel d ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived in our houes in the eighties .
In this repro we will s some charactersitics of Doay 's Tleevisino .
The number of children is gradually decreasing
In our country , one decade ago , ehn diigtal TV arrived , a lot of new channels folursihed .
All TV channels tried to egt sever licencse to distribute htier show .
In order to resovle osme bduge defiicts . Today there are mainyl two TV groups .
Fewer channels means efewr choices .
Intern TV is increasing
It csots less omnye and you can choose excatly the moemtn , where and with w , to watch hti or that television prgoram .
You just follow a suggestio made by someone .
You jts click on it .
Tye have to reduec their bduget
Despite changing cahnnels , we se the same nwes .
Big broadcastni messages are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journailsts and cameramen all around the world .
It is cheepr to uby it .
Smmary
TV is diyng .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , nol national or international oradcasting groups can be in this competition .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain usch a ubdge deficit .
Hoewvre , the fcat is that there is a countdown on them .
edar Mrs Hpokins ,
I have sene yo advertisement in eh newspaper and I am writing to xepress an interest
to ojniing your smal rgou on a tr aronud eh wodl .
I am a 20-yera - old student in Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
Frmo seevral trips to man countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling abroad eh world .
I am excited about joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For years I have been in a soctu group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the wya or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join you because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to eharing frmo you .
Dear Steve ,
It aw good to hear fro yo .
Basically , my goal is to es thsi tri to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about oyru culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't affrod to pay for this rtip on my own , so my father will tu up some money to help me .
But I want fi a job to help him with his bil .
Can you give me a hnad with thta ?
Yuo acn also help me to find a cheap place to ertn .
It would be helpful if you found a slal apartemnt nea Cambridge University hwree I 'll be studying English for 5 mnotsh .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
ebst iwshes
João Matos
Hi Jhon ,
I am looking forward to meeting you .
First of all , you should go out of the airpro etrmina .
There you will ee bus stops in the strete .
When you get there , take the bus which is number 111 .
Then irde to ht bsu sto " Zličín " .
htree yuo can get to the undergroun station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you coose this way , I 'll ask you in the morning to learn oy where exactly we will meet .
But , if I were yuo , I would kae a taxi because the underground is qiuet obring , but it is cheare .
Anyway , you nee to g to the centre . I 'll wait for you tehr .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to bring warm clothes .
I am delighted to be meeting you soon .
ebts wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work ebtter th before .
Firstly , we ac discuss the type of foo we nat to e .
Actually , students aet a lot of fast ofdo when they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cko fo . For these reasons , I think that the bset restaurant is anywhere where tye do home - amd ood , is a good idea for the mian course is : baked potatoes , steamed vgeetablse nad , for dessert , appel cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charmnig and cmofortabl restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table na wll , a omre or els relaxing environment . The atmosphere is very important for dinner , an I tihn tha we ohuld vote on this , bceaues we will have a gdo nigth or nto depending on the tep of atmosphere we chooes .
In conclusion , I think that this ytep of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because nromally we sepak aobtu oboks , work and study , wheeras iwth tihs type of environment , we can speak about uorselve , our family , our hobbeis , na evreynoe wll egt to know something en obut other clasmsaets .
I owudl kie to go to Fsote 's Hollywood .
I love the food htree and I think my classmates will too .
oyu can eat the ebst buregsr you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
Tsee burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what they are liek bceause you have to tsaet them .
It is a flaovur siimla to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a vyr ogdo flaovu in your head and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to go back another time .
However , if you do ont like buregr , you can aet whatever Amerina food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport lpyas an imoprtan roel in our modern - day livse .
More than a billion people u bsue , taxis and trains , as tourists , for work , for meeting relativ , giogn to school etc .
Many veen sue cars .
Though travelling by acr is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because eh cos of eptro , idesle dn gsa is qiuet high in most countries of the world .
However , travelling by public tranpsort can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People acn save the money they spent on pterol .
2 .
As they have special routes caross teh ocnutry , town , ict a ivllages , it helps people to spend less on sohsp or retsauarnts on highwya or eve nisid the ciyt etc .
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two groups in society : the rich and the poor .
Teh middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe we will either have public transport or people will be as they were in the soten ga .
Pulbic transport is the ogod of our environment compared to acr .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
osme of them think tha books are roe niteresting tna their ifl vesrinos .
I disagree with this point of view .
I tedn to thin hta there is nothing better than reading a book .
ifrstl , eradign helps you to become a wlel edcuated employee and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
That 's because while you are reading you are egtting a ipece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine hwa heroes loo ilek , you can imagine different scnese wehre the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very impossible that you can easily take oyur obko with yuo and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
ebcause you ca watch them with your friends .
laso , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effecst .
It 's so exciting .
B All these factors are important to me .
I think these books are better than their fi versions .
To us up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
A glr w awlikng home oen ady .
She was with her um . .
eh was ju a oyugn baeutiufl girl !
So , they ewre giong ohem when the girls ontice a cute lol in a shop .
Sh hda lbond ahir and she wsa wearing a bleu dres , with gloves and black shoes .
Just like hre ... ''Mu I lvo tihs doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' hse asdi .
H mum could n't rfeues hre , so she bought it .
Oh!Teh girl had so many special moments with him dlol ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were kie twins !
Aetr some years , eh gi decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So seh otok a deep rbeath and put ehr doll in eh tatic , ju like re childhood memory .
At night we heard some rceeyp noise frmo there ...
hse went three and there aw the dol wti a knfi in her hdn . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? A y bored of me ? ujst ceause I haev only on ey ? B oy reomve hte ohte on .
Just because I do n't have one of my lgoves ? ubt y di it again ! '' she said .
A then ...
Today day , going ohem , her mother wanted to find her adughtre .
So , she ewn usptiars ...
eh glr had a knfie in his neck and on the wall three was a sentence , ' ' Wh id y leave me aht way ? ''
Tnenis is an individual sport .
You must have to deal with the game .
You can choose a lot of places to pal .
You eed a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and soem balls and a person to lpay with .
Although you might be good at planig bcakhand or forhenad , you can lso in the end .
This sport is not just about physical power .
You are supposed to es your brani as we are .
It is a combination of physical power , technology and mental power .
ilke other sports , tennis is egtting mro moednr , fsater na mro commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children want to play tennis because of money or golry .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair .
Chilrde should pya agmes , no jsut nenis , because it is ufn , it devleosp hteri sklil , hesp physical heatlh and so on .
You can start if you aer gorw up anyawy .
It is neevr too late .
You can ehter fni a professional coach or just join your friend .
Enyo !
Dear Mrs Kaet sahby ,
My name is Adnre Ccoci . I 'm isxteen , and I saw the advertisement for eh weekend wokr in yuor cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I ' m the eprefct cohice for this work . In fa , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and fo us ood is everything .
In Tialy , I aetnd a school for waietsr cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialites of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm als good at edailng with people . In fcat , isnec when I was oyugner , I was the animator at the summer map of Alpignano , the city whree I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many hteater companies and I am so good kind when I talk with toehr people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work lno ohrus . Whe I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccoci
Esas
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the purpose and ocsn of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your country for a epriod of itm to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can op new points of views about your own learning process .
Tlaking with English native spaekesr is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how wel or daly oyu rae diong .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend an ocnsiderable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at lal , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the disadvantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if oy haev soem monye savde for it .
But if you do ont , there is always another solution . hwcih is uisn the Inetrent to learn everything you need .
Yuo ac eevn atl iwth native speakers by using osme Chta orom online such as Skype and others .
Footabl , a passion
hwe I sa little , I tried a to of sports ; football , siwmmign , tennis , but my favourite sport is one of those . It is a sport tha I could enjoy iamgin : football .
ll my ilef I thought tha football was a spotr which wa ofr emn , nto ofr girls . ubt ocne I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I sue felt a little bit uncomfortable . However , some eyars gao , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love palying football iwth htme .
Now some other women and I have started to rogainze femlae matches , so I am mer used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I would going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in si or h lif .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to lpay footabl , is that you have to be ready to receive smo punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping area .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
I name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fatnastci , traditional and omdenr restaurant with British cuisine .
The experience is excellent and the waiters are so pelasnat kidn .
The interior is big , so all the classes could be insdie with problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got soem great tarditioanl British objects .
The fodo is one of the best things in the restaurant a is always atsty and French .
They got a lot of different dhses , traditional and modern .
They also have a lot of different types of saalds , patsa and pizzas .
The daughters are very good .
They 've got original onse , lonely sweet pizz , and traditional desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
Tihs restaurant is not too expensive , which is pefrect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we could get there by b or by TRAI .
I think th is the best restaurant to go to at the entrance of the course , so we could obko some tables as oso as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
eh media accompany afmosu people , such as politicians and fi stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public figures deserve to have their own ilef , without being phtoographed .
On en ahdn , because a public flu is associated with journalists , mass - medi , fsahes .
Famous people are obligated to ilv their ilves in an exepmalry wya .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
People were thought to be jealous .
They noti nay kidn of failure .
It esmes to me that journalists should be asbolutel toix na they have a ba influence on scoitey , which assesses celebrities through the prsim of journalisitc documentar .
On the other hand , many stars se their privacy to ear more money .
The val of thei atlnet nad abilitie is measured in the number of tabloid scandals .
Summin up , all over the world , there are famous people wh do n't bring tier fie into their limelig .
It has always been very ufeul snic a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there is a sem point aks whether if public transport was usppresse , society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the greta avdantages , such as : people vae mnoe ; it is very convenient dn ogo f the environment .
ifsrtly , t ian reas is the octs , because people do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars have to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay osem taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport to travel around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you ac uase less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to nid a parking place in the centre of the city .
Besides , in osem icties , acr can not be pkred in some places , such as the old city or the city center .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Finally , I have gotten used to walking around my country a my car is only sued if I travel around the country .
We live in an always chagnin world .
otdya 's ne things beco things of teh pats in a few months .
atk th example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest cofnigurtaions ebcoems outadetd within a few months of buying it .
50 years is a veyr lgn tim nad oeple 's lives will definitely cahneg in suhc a long period .
However , the important point to discu is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology too made leaps ; the Internet a mobile made us mroe conenctde .
Today , we have teh information at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about gtetign lts in a new place . Google MPAS is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find eh listening of ayn word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of aynone , everything can be maanged through various platforms .
doay uor lives have become much more comfortable htan in the aps , thanks to the pressure mankind has made through technology .
On the other hand , terrorism , gloabl wraming and gerde have become the top challenges of today 's world .
Climtae change due to golabl wraming causing natural disasetrs now and then .
Terrorist activities causing hvao in public life .
hte corrupiton dn greed of people in opwre means it difficult to trus people 's leaders .
If these challenges are nto addresesd in the coming years , imagine beetr life for people 50 years nece is rather difficult .
We ene to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , ub in eh wrnog hands it ahs the power to setroy the world as we know it today .
To whom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve English . I have a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering wh I should be th through epsron .
That 's easy .
I 'm a mitvated , flexible and open - imdned person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I worked as a socail trainer and as a dance iscne I was 16 .
I love doing soicla activities and planning events .
Weh I work as an educator , I sude to plan and manage som sports and uodtoor activities .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relax them .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you asked , I attached it to her letter .
Bse regrads .
Personally , mobile pohne are very important in my ilf .
I need tha edvcie nea me because I have three children and I awn to know how and where they are .
I am with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerinn video - games , I agree with scinetists that think it helps children 's brains to devlepo , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent gamse .
However , ehre rae irlliant games for hclidren .
In my opinion , teh Itnerne is absolutely a revolutio in current osciety .
It is very common to use the Internet for my work , for research , or ogogle niformation a also connect with other teachers , speech about couress and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological development makes us improve for the future .
Firensd hsould be like a shdaow always behind you .
In times of j and sorrwo .
Ntohnig is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friendship .
That ode nto me you will never ifnd o .
It is really important to interact and socialise with people to make a rfien .
the more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
Wehn you fni one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Freidns do not have to ager iwht everything you say , but they should share tehi view without it .
hte Guradian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Yuo can read a variety of articles , such as poiltisc , Business a Money , soprts , culture , education , Lief and style , travel , eh weathre and the environment .
There are plenty of davetrisements fo jbo and donations to help individuals .
Readres are able to epxress their point freely .
ehy u ood qualyt English which aviods slang .
As a relut , it is suitable for students who learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two diasdvatnages .
ofr example , it is not suitable for children due to official alnguage . There wree alos a hueg number of commercial advertisements which make th readsr bored .
Overa , The Guardian is cosniedred no of the ebs newspapers in eh owrdl .
Nwoadays , in a modern and pgoressive world where people are msar na the economy evry highl development .
few people think that we nde tablet computers instead of bosk
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I noitce that gadgets have become very ufeul in our lives . It seems to me to be good poportuniites to mka ou li esaie .
Also , they make us celverre .
I am convicned that using table ocmputres in our everyday life is good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pup can not asy that he has forgotten a book because he has all the books on his tablet computer .
Smoe people think that it is a bad idea .
Thye believe that it is a useless thing for uor generation .
Su people are sur that electronci things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like bokos very much . hwen I am at Ohme , I sue Boko because I like to sell and to touhc the pepr of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tbalest are useless .
We should use them but we must not forget auot boosk .
In conclusion , I awn to as that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
eh gi Mistake
This ady wa full of joy and happiness , but osmethin ewn wro hwen she tdl ihm that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this nsw and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that s wa pregntn , he juts forzen .
It wa too much for Ihm .
He thought it w eiser to wlak waay a aiod this conversation with her .
He tire to nuderstadn what was goni on iwth hmi .
It was weird how many qeustinos and doubts acem inot h ehda .
The patr of Hi was really happy , because being a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this night .
This woman , oh wa standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his ftuur wi .
He should be happy and hug her and eclebrat thsi go news .
But somehow he di n't feel anything .
ll aht he fe was aixety .
He cou n't hanld the efelnig , wehn hs trde to touch him , to ikss and uhg him .
He knew that seh olve ihm as much as he loved her , but everything was jsu all wrong at this mmoen .
re ioce , her smile and eve her boyfriend was wrong on this event .
He could n't understand what was going on , because it was jsu three weeks ago that he had a conversation about kisd and fmaliy dn he asid that he would liek to have iksd wit eh .
And onw , he was just avoiding her and he was n happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
Sh w moer than happy a he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much of mi .
He stood up and said to Si Grilfrien that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michae cloesd teh dro and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To begin , I am going to tlak baou wha is my favourti spor dn why I enjo hte psort .
In fact , I do n like to do spor all the itm , ub if I really ene do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think eh swimming pool is clerain .
For example , after wsimming , I ha a asf a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to eh beac . That is because I do not like brihgt sunshien dn asnd .
Tihdr , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
ohwevre , I like to tsya in teh swiimng opol dunig the summer .
Atculaly , I do not know how to swim , ubt it is my favorite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing nay kidn of sports we should do our exercise . That is because we eed to relax our bodies first . If we do n do that we will get dangerous while we ra diong yn sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose en kind of sport in our life and amlost all people eed to do it , as we should on sya at home or owrk the itme .
Even if you really do n't want to do execris , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline what msot imoprtan actions which have been taken in our town to portect the environment as the main issu to improve our quality of life .
In the firts plcae , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caecre is lacted in a pasture area whe lcoa farmers have been bredeign shee , cows and pigs for centuries in sipet of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drough in summer .
As a result , ru awter ersuorces difficult to rpeserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain atciv campaig to aris people 's awareness of the importance of erasonable us of it .
The local government is also taking serious action to create geren areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend tehri rfee tmi or evne do sports .
That 's eh eraosn hwy has been working on the recovery of smo raea which are now aprks or recreational aeras .
Finally , the tonw h also improved the management and teratemnt of waste with the active cooperation of many of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Chinese inhbaitant are said to sort and recylc their rubibsh , taking it out to the yello , green and blue containers in veery street .
And that is a negative point . These udmptsers are often visible in town and it would be advisable to exchnage the ones we have for undergorund on .
I woke up tired and I suddenly remembered that I wsa doing a presentation about lansdcapes , and the nose that did it would be rewarded with a bonus opin , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I esarcehd for my famil in the house a there sa no one at home , sut me .
I was a bit scared , so I searched for him outside in the streets .
I did n't know thta a obmb ah hit eh icty and iklle amlost everynoe . onw I da to fni my praetns .
I think eh aeson hwy I id n't know about t explsoion is because this part where I live is an evr poo area and it 's beautiful , so oyu ca n't distinguihs hwere the xeplsoion .
Finally , after sem days , I found some neighbors with soem ofo . I was starving to death , so I a a lot .
We made some decisions obut laws , tu thre sa total conflitc , because t orup noitced aht some ofod wsa missign somehow .
I think that someone will tseailng osme of ht food in the night hwile everybody was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enfocre the laws .
hte netx morning , I et a piece of tseak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walkign around seeking to ikll and eat us .
At night , I always think about man thisg when I aerd osme noisse .
I tsalked him and it seemed aht this yu had a hupm .
I sotpped him and when he turned around it was a wmoa from the group .
We ewre talknig aobu tihs when a dog cmae aer ; it was adorable , tu suddenly he changed into a weird creature .
He bit my el and it hrut a olt . We tried to alert the tohers ubt it was too late ; it was the group or us .
We as that besa eatnig our friends and t food .
In a way , the fatc that she tsole the food in the ingh and I wkoe up wa good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how I am iong I would not do it , because I have to afce all of this .
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD F YORu HEALT
W do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do oyu botain whlie eexrcisnig ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexi do n't do any tpye of eexrcis ? This is a great problem for oru society and is the number 1 problem of why Emxico is a country with msot few people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hdn with dion execris , lki reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with ehart diessae , porlbems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are a to of different types of exercise . You you practice a spor , liek soccer , basketball , saeball , or you ca simply go to the gym or do Crossfit or something ilek thta .
Soccer is a great sport where you can mka a lot of firensd , you c stay fit , ub you also ende soem skills because it 's not easy to control the bll and dribbl yuo rivasl on the field .
I recommend you do yn sport you like and exercise every second y psend exercising .
Thanks na starting now . Yuo wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for public transport ebcaues travelling by car is mcuh moer conevnient ?
Maybe disagree about whether public transport will diasppaer , although we still have to deal with different opinions about the increaes in travel .
Tih composition will explain the different points .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , ulnike public transportation such as buses dn ht unedrrgound , you have a of comfort and speed .
Tehre is a perception that a car c gives yuo feedom of choice .
On the website of the Scottish Govermnent ( pulbication " Young people 's transport " ) , a 12 - 14-yea - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as ewll . "
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
Indde , cars increase pollution , yuo haev traffic congesiton , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , the driving lessons are expensive .
Tne just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , xa , etc .
Obviuosly , it would benfei me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - lod byo .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheap ( we do n't pay na farse on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
According to the Saigon Times , there are a lot of tarffci accidents which ivnolv private cars .
The main reason is that eh cars wonesr a dru wehn driving .
It is cela that if drivers took a bus or a tix hwe they ree drukn , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as Engla , Aemric , Candaa , ajpan and so on , have a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreaesd .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
Fmo htis analyiss , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Alwyas telling ht rtuth is considered the most important thing in a rleationshpi " .
Disgareemetn on always teilng the truth ebnig the mso important thing in a relationship will be my oipnion .
Even though being truthful is crcuila in a relationship , always telling the truth could be consiedrde as hrutin other 's efeligns is unwise .
Another reason for not telling th trtu all the time is if it is aobut a personal matetr and it uold fele awkward to meiton it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tll a little white lie at this moment .
To fruthe illustrate the first point above , you could hurt someone 's feelings by tlelnig the truth at ll times .
For example , if osme woman you a acquainted is wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting th occaison .
People usually tend to lel her teh trtu , sinc it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people praies her of other things about her .
In that case , they could still make ocnversatio without spoiling her mdo .
The tohe point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to ekep it private , sicne , omst of eh time , it is strange nad inapporpriat to atl about something too mcu to people at work or evn people that one ahs just aqcuainted iwht .
If there are questions about thing one does not want other people to know , they might say a little something , which usually does ont matter too much .
If I had a day off to go to the dcotro 's , I would pervent other people asking for details about it by syaign that I had some errands to do .
There are two opinions of imne on telling ht rtuth or not .
Las Fridya , Mciahel and I were at school playing happily with each other in the clasrsoom .
When we were in th class , usual Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the odor and knew at that memnt he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the hedamasetr .
I oclud n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Mihcael hda closed the doo .
Teh door was n't broken nito pieec or fallen odw .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaste in a polite aw and hopefully he could give me the snacks I wanted .
However , things did n't happen ilek I hope .
I ended up getting expelled from teh school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael I had stolen my classmate Sal 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and oru friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak otu .
I finally realized that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we efll into the trpa .
We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands ehn we elf t school .
Although , one ady alter the headmaster ofnud out ht right through CTcV , we refsued to return to school and decided to chan to a new csohol as we know . Even if we go back this time , ismila cess oculd hppen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased imndset .
Dea USA summe maps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the OJ .
I think I am the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluent and clear English , which is really important for communicating .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews at the weekend and they love psending mie with me . Moreover , I am very neergteic , awlays awkward and ready to wor hrad .
Furthermore , I am very creative . It is an ogod asepc of my career , as I can invent an entertainment agme for kids to have a great time .
I like mkain puzzl or Gase , which invovle running and jumping , which are important for the KSD 's development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never had time to dedicate myself to tta .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
htta is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I ohp oyu erply soo .
Binac
Day number 8 .
We got ready to go and fnid eh other . We went outside the shetle we ahd buil adn wret on a wlal next to the shelter " asfe ozn " dn if there was someone who needed supplies he would ifn smo spuplise and amm to surivve .
We started our journey and went into the fores . There were a lot of # pests . On the way , there were various guys who were isck but we could n't do anything except keep gonig . I seenig my little grou dimniis and some of us were # allerig to osme plants I aw the only no tha da no prboelms with all eh oehr stuff epople had problems wiht .
I thought that amyeb my genes were actually immune to infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary yu who help everyone aht was in my # skeptick dn I was really positive about it but , notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to hpl eh netire world or ujst save a group . The edcisio aw in my hands . It sa # conventoinal to ehlp the enitre wolr , b I do n't wtn to d . hwiel I w thinking about that , we fuon a bdo . It aw the familiar doy of someon that was in ht goru . Oen of those gu we wanted to fin , and aliev no dead . Hi faec was ll rotten and eaten away by eh walkers .
We needed to fdn the one hta wree still aliv to at leats tell us what happened to everyone . The # battel agaisn hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a yas nad hta cuol lead us to wto things : edad or eaten away by a walker . So we neede to fi someihng that wa a # nutritional food hwich we could eta wiht no problems adn be OK .
We found a phramacy and a restroom where we could have a rset and take a sohwer to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pahrmacy . There were no walkers inside , so we na inot eh phmracy and closed all the doors and I got somenoe to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are nay arilawy sreviecs and they 're fote crowded .
But private traffic in this town is yet more preestn , as a result of the fatc that Tuirn is the town of FIAT , the well - kwon fcatoyr .
Near to your hem , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all the oyu nee to live .
Whne you have to pay the teelphone and eengry bilsl , you can do that in a tobacco shop near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the outksirts of the town , there are some big supremarkets . hwich holds many tiem of the main great factoreis of Europe and beyond .
As in lal industraiilsed countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost each aae nad each building .
Finally , xais are vaailabel dn they cover a two , but the service is less ogranise and devleoped than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , lim stars , ploiticians or people who work in the music industry designed to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observatino .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi wokr and the rpivayc of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars hsoul be able to relax na hav moe pirvtae tiem .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who want to take pictures with them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' ' owkr ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some invioalble sphere of friendship without jounralists following them all the time .
These rare fgaments of lfie wihtout the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to lev ilk normal , no - faomus people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is hscoking news for people who read tabliods .
To my mind , tye do not believe ceelbriteis are norla epople ilk everyone of us , only tih more money in ban abn accounts .
So , as you can see , I gaere wiht the statement that famous people , who are reocngizable , deesrve to ha a private ilfe nad their baiilty to have a normal life should als be igevn to htem .
eh zae Runner
I recently watched htis new film based on one of the boo by this world famous autro .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a yr .
The poset of the film already offreed a sense of intrigue and mystery , which makes me tka the dceisoin to watch this film .
Teh lim star by putting oyru in the lfehs of hte ma cahracter . He is a 16-ye - odl boy hwo finsd himesfl imprisoned in a caeg and being transported to hwta smes to be a cmap .
He has no idea how he edne up hteer .
However , he also realizes that this is not a normal acpm , and it is loctade entx to an igatn and mysterious zae .
The people who lvie in eh cpm take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menecs of the amze .
He otko the role of urnner , the person responsible fro epxloring the maez a looking ofr an eix uo of this place .
itll , htye noly ha th dayilhgt time to explore the maze . As the sun goes down , it becomes veyr danegruos .
The film ekeps out better and better as you watch it , and has its exciting moments when the character discovers something aht is hidden inside the maze .
I heaitly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no no nidiffeernt .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing fro myn mro . What I like about it is , ifrs of all , high , tall or smla , anoyne can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basiclal , it is a life - nog spotr for everyen .
I love the speed of volleyball . omst of the time it 's qiuc and if you blink you will probably miss something . Each conatc happens in less than a second , a still eevyr player edtecst the location of the ball in that number of item . And tehn htere 's the intenisyt . If uo haven't seen a gam , go until 32 - 30 , nad see hte energy on the folo dn eha ht nosie fro the cordw . oy 're missing uo .
Personally , winning scu a ste makes me feel like I can do anything , but when I do n't , it still makes me want mo .
I am always rtyin to ju hihger , ti harder , pass and set betetr , na svre in mor different ways .
I live in New Eltahm .
My area is very clean and very green .
The people there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Once per week on denesday , rbubsih is collected .
Of course , garbage is sold into idfferen bsn .
That is a veyr godo diea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my enighobrs collect garbaeg in ht asme wya .
Ereybody cares about lceanliness in front of the ohues and in the garden .
Especially in psrnig , three ra a lot of colours and pelasnat odors .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy plac .
Green itm in my two is really fantastic .
I ahev recently taen at Black Bera restaurant , a typical iscilian restaurant in Treacstagin , a litlte two aer Cataai located nuder the ten vlocano slopes , na I ofun htta retsaurnat aw aesily t best I ahev etaen in .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a n - msokign room .
The surroundings were urstic , yet it still felt airy and coys . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Mroeno , and his father , I managed to sample a goo raneg of items on the mun na I erlaly liek t Chianian bee . It w evr tasty .
All the ingredients were clean fresh of hights quality .
The price was n't reasonable at lal , because t mae caem to about forty euros per person , so the restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would hihgly recommend this restaurant , deipte the fca tha the ael was a complete experience , and I iwll , no dotb , be back fro othre emlas .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
He has been presetn in society for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are soem exmaples of substancse htta ar raelly well - knnw to all of us .
Leaglizatio of drgus is an argument by people who believe that thi msaure could solve the problem of excluison .
Marginalization has a likn wtih the illegality of this activity .
Also , th illegality is responsible for the tatractino of rdugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are oyung and prohibition is very stimulating .
Teh real problem coem when tihs entertainment becomes an adidction that ac destroy ru lievs .
I think everyone has tried something kdn of illgea rdu to have uf , enjoy themselves with friends or just to rt them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to xeepriment and try new things .
But we have to be resposnibl and be very lcear that it is oyl something excepitona and not our adliy life , because it is very dangerous as so people are not lbe to impose liimts on themselves .
Finally , legalization of durgs means that they could be taxael . We know how the taxe works in our ocutnry , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi hsrooq ,
Tta suonds gaet . I 'm so happy to hear htta oyu er coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But ufnortunately , I have an exam on Tuhrdsay , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from teh school at 1:30 , ehn we c go to have lunch .
My scohlo is really easy to find . Go tsraight ahae onto Aljamea Stree , thne utrn right bedie the farce of KA University . After gettign off the birdge , you 'll find hte csohol on your right .
So excited to meet you !
Bye for now .
Nofu .
Dea Le ,
Fris , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always usnny and , depending on the reigno , it could rai .
If you want to see some beautiful sneery , you must go to Bracelona hwree you will be able to see La garada Familai , which wsa buitl by Antoni Gauid , or La Almarba in Grnaaad , which is one of the veen Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to various osm museums , like the Reni Sía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some iwldilfe , you must visit Cabarceno National Park in Acntabria , which is also a little asfari park , or Doñana National apr , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
If I were you and I had a whole summ to enjo Spai , I would tsay one wee in each place , and I uold rent a acr in order to travel bteewen the city .
I recommend you to kae awr cltohse .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bar Smiposn is my favourite fitcioanl character on TV .
He is the eldest sno of the Simspon faliy .
abrt is twenty years old and is a typical American child .
He has eyllow ski and big eyes . He is blon and has got spiky hair .
Bart always waer a r T - sihrt and blue shor .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular tsudent in Si scohlo . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
ihs parents and the school principal often punihs mi .
Bart is an energetic and cveer tsudnet btu he is aos a ba tsudent and he ahte enrd .
Although he is rtaehr naught , he actually sa a heatr of gold because he helps his sister when she neesd him .
In t Spmson faimly , the characters are ver ufnn .
A lot of magazines say the Simpsons is the best catrono series in history and I absolutely agree .
ro me , Rat is funnier than Harry , although most magazines say that Hemr is the bad character .
It was one dreary , rian Sundya morning .
I was n't in the moo to go uo aynwa .
veerything suggested that I should n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a hay onck on the door .
Who on Erath could htta be ?
W would have eevn obtehred to pay me a visit durign this boody awful weathe ?
My concrens were naswere swiftly , of the na on my htrehsold yeeld : " I have a lette for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honset . I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the ETX .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but when I noticed my cousin 's name on it .
Although I had n't mte him a single time , this letter was his last IWLL and I learned that I had inehrite a go deal of money .
Fifty thousand puonsd , to be precsie .
Extlation seized my nid instantly , but I soo bega to owryr : " What wil I do with that amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last two years .
Actually , tih tnw is a loctade in the middle of a hill and a rivre with water .
I am very worried about eh tnw where I am living because everybody in this town is on bothreed about the urbbish things they do every day .
First of all , they er ver ditr by natur .
They are very acsual about their environment and the improtance of cleanliness .
So - clalde people of good nature are inactive a taklatiev na gossip about others , not doing anything ofr the improvement of their own town .
All eh households nearby the public raod thr dirty thign away eaisly a do n't eev bother about the rode of the municipality .
I ee all this during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town shodl at laest eke lcena their front lpaecs and sdies surrounds them .
I am uest aobtu it and , whenever I get a cahnc , I speak with my flelo citizens and look for higher feedback , but they ra alos the same in nature .
Pepoel onw a slef - centred dn very narrow - minded .
Though they becoimgn so - clale educated , in a rela sense they are still savages .
Dear Mrs. Asbhy ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cfa for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a jo at weekends in oyu cafe .
I am very interested in ihs work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Toursim student and I need to work at weekend to pay for my studies .
I have worked for a year in Londo as a wiate in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 omnths as a waiter aos in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berli .
So I have experience of service , cosutmer acre and worki nog hrus .
I know how to prepare different kinds of ood : sandwiches , fish and chips , ahmburegrs , Italian pasta , tec
I am also very angry at edailng tih people . I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have ttoa available at weekends and also in smume .
I speak psansih , English and Gremna .
Please , find attachde an ocpy of my CV , which expdns on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibliity of working in this opsitino .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
You Sincreel ,
María ulis Castandea edl Acun
Nowadays , public transport has become a maojr otpci .
The idea of abandnoign public transport is widely uspported in developing countries , but the idea is rejecetd in developing countries , like the oen I vie in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over alst edcaeds , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in your own car is much more convenient than travelling in a ubs full of people or , vene owrs , the idea of sitting time in a long queu .
Nevertheless , there is another ised to this erailty .
There are people wh can ont afford to have their own casr or maybe they can afford to travel by other means of transportation than the ones provided by the lacl government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay more than pa for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower incem turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their ovearl expenses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on how what people make of it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others whree hte will nede it as long as their economy needs it .
People need eyes , afts and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a rtain or a bus .
It 's just nea your uose or your offcie .
You do n't have to go to a tstaion on foo , acrryin bgas , or suffer because of the rain or high son .
B if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it aesier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listen to music and look around , or read newspapers and books .
Is the acr faster than public transport ?
It depends .
ht traffic can affce cars and others to the same extne .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes it makes er afraid .
Fast tarisn always faster than cars .
Sepaknig about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cosnidre all the xepneses ( buying the ca , apying f the insurance , etc . ) , amybe cars are not so cheap .
Finally , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of food in the city ?
Public transport is definitely better .
So , even if travelling by cra na is more convenient at a personal level , upbli transport should be preferrde by good citizens and srtongly suppoetd by goevrnmnets .
Informa lettre for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am degihted to hear oyu Aer talking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at a nietrnational company that oragnises music festivals , I c assrue you that it will be of great use to oyu .
I am not user , hoewvre , htta this job will meet lal your requirements .
In my cas , the only opportunity I og ro such an activity was on the 22nd of July , when they lalowed a relxaign ady at eh festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to arctise your English skills .
In my case , I have to deal a rage amoutn of tetxs , and also help English tourists to get around .
If you are looking for additional experience , htuogh , you will probably be disappointed .
A I was sake to do the rset of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
la in all , the experience was beneficial .
I have plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for an inec holiday if I wer oy .
Whne you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Tek care of yourself ,
afvisu
The past few weeks have been really otug for Michael .
Thi whole business h started to get on his nerves .
He has to dela wi it , the osnoer eh betetr .
ro now , one thing is lcear as d - the no he is in lvoe with is Maliak , to Angelina .
Teh no he dates is Angelian , not Milka . That 's the problem .
He ca n't udmp Angy ujst liek thta . They 've been friends for years .
Seh 's on da .
A he has to put a stop to this without uhrting anybody .
So , yse , the decision is Mdae .
He 'll brea up wit eh .
Probabyl , evne tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
eh doo of hsi oro aw poen . He came out of the bathroom with juts a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to point in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why the edne up havgn sxe - perahps , at th tmie he was ipssed at hmiself ofr not having teh balsl to get the girl he loved because of all thees religious siuses , Mailk 's family , and so on , tu that is whta happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At that time , he did n't really that .
Only after , when Angelina lfet , Michael closed the door did he know he had made a bad mistake .
Dear Sir or amdam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of usmme acm counsellor currentl adevrtsied on yo wesbite .
At the moment , I have finished my second aer of sceodnary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my ifanl year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be sueufl in the future .
I speak English , German , Polish and as a counslelo that is very ahndy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a csou company als years .
Moreover , I used to work as a voluntere ehn tsill in a primary school - once a week I wolu go to a coal club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , relaible and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am taeltned when it goes to entertaining people , which mgiht co is very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
I am laos an accomplished sportswoman - I am a srton swimmre and a quality fieguard .
I aatch a reference from Tomas Jaowrska , who is my boss at the scout acmp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to idscuss my suitability for these pots in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yosr faithfulyl ,
XY
Wel , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm Sevetneen years lo and I 'm an electronics student from Tiayl , in the north .
I hope to be a gaet engineer one ady , so I 've decided to continue my sutdies at university .
I 'm good at school , my mraks prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in paritcular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people in other countries .
Schoo is my ilfe : I tsudy abotu seve hrus a day , especially math and electronics , wcih ar the sujbetcs hta I like MTS .
My teachers are very good at thie bo , so I ho to be like teh one ad .
The biggest problem in my lcas is the majroity of my classmates : they are hopeful at school na ehy waste tim diong ontihng at school and , I think , even at home .
The thing thing msot nanoys me is that ehy copies from me and eh other godo students all the time .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they ar very funny adn iknd eppole hwne htye wan .
Coming ba to my dream , I would like to caryr on with my studies in Lnodon , at Imperail oclleeg .
I hope to be at a good English level , ebcuase nxet yera . I am going to take the inetrmeidate certificate of English and I am going to try to get into this course , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial coleleg of London is one of t mso ipmrotant universities in the whole wolrd .
Puerquitour : A graet xeperienec f your mtuh .
Nowaadys , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of the calories , the ikols they aer oging to gani , and all that stuff .
I arirevd in Mexcio Ctiy o noth ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We disocverde our fascination with food and ' The uperquitour ' aws obr .
hten a brainstorm baotu meals and lpacse to visit Begna .
ht first d atrted on an important daet … Tac Dya !
Atconetnto is the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al aptsor and grlield onions , acocmpanied by codl beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to hsare , the second day we shared it with Dnaa , one of my friends from Vancovure .
Gaian , we at taso , but th time they were special .
Teh nmae of the plaec is Taso La Chule and tacos rae ogurmet there .
Htis means that they have different flavours of tortlilas -vanilla , strawberry , chiptole , nopal , dn lanut , aomgn otres- and salsas -tamarin , guava , mango , gucaamol , etc .
That ady did not en with the tacos . Aetr a awl in Reforma a a long apus in The Idnependecne Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch eh ar movie Renoir while we tae crepes .
The third day was one of my favorite . T lpace is soooooo nice and the decoartion and eev the attire of the waiterssse makes you fee you 're lki in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condes , foefrs baked potatoes with the nose of afmous women and olvley drinks .
Highly recommended !
ra zalu Restaurant , in the notrh of Mecio Ciyt , w the loctaion ofr the fourth da of Puerquitour .
The esaofod is delicious ther . My reocmmednations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shirpm Al Pastor and coconut waetr .
On the fitfh d , it aw tmie to aet more tac . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to ta a molacjete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you di not have breakfast it is a good option , or you can have it with amazni ocpmany , as I did .
Do n't forget to sa of a ltier of beer .
Almost a weke into the Puerquitou .
hte isxth dya was to celebrate the fianl tes of Magda , a friend from high school . He ahd already presenetd it to get a Master 's Dergee , afrewell to Vciente , who is already in the USA , and I was going to the UK .
Beacus we like ood , we ceelbrtaed by eating in Memelas Pu .
You ca n't go there and ont eat memelas , which is li huraach but biggre nad absolutely delicious .
ht dessert ?
ec cerma in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was amlots wit a foot in the As , we spent all ya tgoether .
The sevneht day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and ors petal tea .
Then we went to a book fai and visited some bookstores downtown .
ht plna aws to have dinner at Hilaria agsrtobar because of all the ood ocmmenst about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huqeuiot , the traditional Al Paotr Special caused by a black bee .
ht last dya of hte Puerquitour w ruonded ff with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Satbrucks and a long atlk about everything and nothing .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I like .
Do n't forget to practise nad enjyo Puerquitour ! ! !
The first two cpaters extracted from Great Expectatoins by Cahrle Dcikens introduce a young boy known as Ipp .
His child hsa been raised by Hi Isster , a eprson woh misterat Pi onw husband .
Sldy , ipp ah no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is just a reugla child with a terrible life .
Bseide htis , P seems to be a young and intelliegnt child .
He does ont use the words he talsk , but he sues them when he narrates .
Also , his level would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who feles comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviuosly , nobody owul likes to live in Ilfe , but I think everyone wolud tend to fee sadness reading these chapters and , in t ne , ilke hi .
At laes , I feel afraid of him and I would like to fidn that his sotyr sa a good ending .
He looks like a good man that lives in ehll and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true rpotaognist and hte way of etlling the story is the reason why the stor c connect with the redaer .
Actually , eh narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
dn the atuohr does not t to describe the protagonist through words , but what actoisn .
the narrator d n us na description of the protagonist aaptr from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses driect speech , ubt he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referri to hsi o wodrs .
This xeception na be read at the e of the first chance . hweer eh anrraotr ansewrs the thief , rwitin th he said that he wuold ge him teh file , and that he wuold get hmi hwat broken bits of fdo he could , dn he wuodl cem to the thief at t Baetry .
paart from th , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The vocie is in first pesro an suse a subjetcive piotn of vwe .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have moniscient power .
However , hi power could be anaylzing and describing eh situation with a rich vocabulary dn in a reflective aw too .
Also , he dsecirbes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining hi fathe as a square , tsuot , dar mna , with uclry black hair , just from looking at their otmbstoen .
These twisted and creative thoguhts er spread throughout the text , accompaeid by eevn mroe iwsted relfectinos , like at the end of the ifrts chatpers , when he describes the man who orbbed him as a man afraid of the deda bdoies in the graveyard jus because he saw him hguging hmiself .
Besides that , the characters of the novel seem to be happy , lviing a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse o protagonsit , with the exception of J .
hte narraotr does not make an efrot to describe the other characters spychloogically . He focuses on their papearanc .
Atcually , we only know that M. Jo trise to mkae her husband and her relatives suffer and she worries about whether her neighbors think about her , arhter they worry about her people who ilv in her own house .
The narrator decsriebs h as a woman who ha eaend an ood reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we know that Jeo is a good man because the protagonist decsribes him as iml , goo - nautred , swee - tempered , easy - gnig a ofloish , tu tha is all we know about them .
Als , the way the characters talk is opposed to the awy eh narrator wrtise .
In fac , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more thna wt sentences , with the sole exception of the hteif , who talks about his partner in two long sentences with compelx strutcure .
This iknd of strcutrue is widley used by the narraotr , but the characters usually atkl in short and simple sentences .
F insatnec , hre is an extarct of the narrator at the beginning of the second chaptre :
" My sister , M. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a graet rpeutation with herself and her neighbor because she had brought me up " by ha . "
Having at that mie to find out for myself what the xerpession eman , and knowin h to hev a ahr and heavy nad , and to be umhc in the ahbit of laygn it uopn re husband as well as opn me , I supposed taht eo Gargeyr dn I ewr btoh brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are short and shorter :
" Now oloke her , " he said , " the question being whethre you 're to be lte to live . Yo nko
What is a file ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" A you know what wittles is ? "
" Yse , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a ric vocabulary , using a lto of menat evrbs and asbtract concetps that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marhs pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Rgeardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " W d'ye with ? "
Tihs is written as it is sadi , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the awy thi nvole is narrated is the protagonis .
The evenst are narrated in a mysterious way , etlilng us what happened in a reailstic stoyr - line without falshbacks .
Th stroy is nrarated as it happens .
The second chpate makes reference to the first and reveals something about ihef .
slo , hte lsow rhtyhm is adequate .
T nrrator rveaels not so much about himself or the otre characte , but he wrote about the essnetail things we should know throughout the text .
Teh thief disappears , but the first chance 's neding makes us fle curuos about their nxet meteing .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too mhc mystery a just a efw facst na be reda in these chapters .
All I know is that this thing will not have a happy ending .
Porbably , th thife will take Pi on an unwanted adventure that will mek ih grwo up faster .
I would like to read a stoyr where ip edn as he starts , in the graveyadr .
Lik another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyar .
I owul like to read a story without tael ; just a regular man who dide hwile he sa lerainng to live .
Obivoulsy , hti will be difficult as the narrat 's voice clearly comes from an eprsno who ilves while he is rwitin .
He is bovious when he makes reference to the idea that technology did ont exist when he was a child .
Cnosequenlty , raedin these chapters is a plesauer , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is mer , what the uathro is trying to convey .
If the story has a happy ednign , the the central theme could be gtting numerous adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Aan knew that it was going to be a very special ad for her .
She has been waiting so long for hti ya to come .
It is the day when seh wsa going to emte her biological mother .
S da nkwon she was adopted when she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She d n't eel bad about it because she loevd her parents vrey mu and she felt relieved by them .
After her 18ht birthday , Anna eflt a sudden need to know what happene to her biologiacl mother and why she ga Anna waya .
After finding the daoptino papers , she contcatde her adoption aegnc .
He convinced the lday at the agnec to give him the name of the biological mother of " eh ilttel sister hw h a diessae na needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplna " .
Ene though it was illegal , the lady gave her the anme and the contact phon number of Sara ifelding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before we had the uorage to dial htta numebr .
He hseitated several times because it was fariad of my mother 's rejction .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could ont utter any sound .
But then hs sia " hel , my name is nana and I think you are my mother " .
After another few secon of sielnc , Anna headr ehr mothe crying dn askign lots of quesitons .
Thye agreed to mte the next day in the park .
She was glad to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be bael to fanlly clsoe an importnat chatper in eh fie an htta is w seh nkew taht it was going to be a very special day .
the most exciting diary of my life .
Last usmmre I went on holiday to Sradegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first d , I was nervous nervous because my parents did n't take my best friend , Llaria , with us .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the arido that Leix Sandma , a Swdeis isnegr , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hot !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , ubt I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quti .
Unexpcetedly , on the thidr ya , while I was swimming in the sae , I saw some people in the distance and some camersa , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized the boy at the cetnre was n't an ordinary yo . He was Fel !
So I went twoard eh crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I am really excited !
Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the BTS ad of my life asking him something questions and singing high songs .
When he left , I was really happy .
This sa certainly the oms excinig ad of my ilef .
L'Albero , the set Pizza Wets of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am alwa hugnyr of is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Heuiln neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
ht walls are coveerd with trophies and photographs of the wrol 's set piaz .
The sapec is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate birhtda or meet friends .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious chocies on the menu , it is often difficult to decide wh to order .
So far I have never been disapopinetd .
To start , you must try the Roes Wind Salad . It 's a frehs , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As an amin dihs , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; ll of them are made frse to rode in their authentic Italian pizza ov .
Besieds the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
eh sta is very hplful , xeplainin the menu to customers .
Alos , the prices are increidbly cheap . It 's around 12 euro per persno for two idfferetn dsiehs , rdinks and dessert .
I thoroughly recommend these terrifci restaurants to anyone who is passionate about rgea food at even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
ht ebts placse fro you people in Dublin
Thsi eroprt looks at the places to visit in Dubli for oynug epople fro a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinions as a present reisden in the area .
It seems that the maojrity of those surveyed of the opinion that the bse place to visit young people would be Temple abr .
It offers a broad variety of activities like museums , a cinme , a very lagre green garden and many upbs to choose from .
The Johnni Fox upb is highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dance perofrm and enjoy an inc meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a idscoutn for students on Wednesdyas .
The Dulbin Wax Museu was suggseted by many students .
Several people sdi that eh Natoinal Bonaic Garden is the EBS lpac for students to meet and see the outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to tkae prat in and many plcase to ivsit depending on students ' prfeerneces and eh fincnes available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports Tsar is admired by young people and can ipmrint a mdoel of heavior on the mnids of eh oynug .
In the essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyde before my own perspectiv is provided .
From o point of view , top atheltes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Fitsly , watching the cucess of such tahletes , teengaers stra to dseire to be like their odls and to follow professional sports .
This means Tye lil wants to play sports , which is essential for her haelt .
Secondl , doin sports al teaches priecelss lfie lessons , such as disciplien dn dealnig iwth success na failure .
Teh pmortance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are laso demonstrated by professional spotrsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
Fro another perspective , sometimes , rpofessoinal athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
nay spost tsras are only concerned about money and fame .
These can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important patr of sports nisteda of leanring oh to play ewll and having the fun of the game or being competitive .
Secondly , there are those athletes wh behave disgustingly .
For example , so tkae drugs or cheat in order to get at any cso .
It goes without saygn that this kind of behavior sen the wrnog msesgae to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of disadvantages and disadvantages in regadr to professional sportsmen as ogo loe models for young people .
On balance , I am niclined to believe that professional talhetes can be excelle loe models for the young , as long as they represe the positive sapects of playing sports .
idcekns nad the Bnote sisetrs us the Asme style : reailtsic style .
They are infulenecd by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , eh ciyt of London , the Bronte sisters , the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dicekns dn Charlott Bronte often sue a first person anrartor or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dicksn 's style is that of stnimental reailms , in which he mixes pathos dn comyd , like characters that tend to be caricatures of hte vices na vitrue he iwshse to oprrtay , while the rbonte issetrs use a realistic style lade wiht Romantic and Gothic leements , ilke Byronic male heroes and female protagonist that are psychologically ocmplex .
The grap lilustrates the four different sources of consumption of fis and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the voreall sih and meat consumption rankde from nearl 60 grams pe eprosn per week to roughly 230 grams per person pe wke .
Form the 4 sorucse eatne , 3 of them maintained a steady edclnie , with the xecetpion of Chicke consupmtino , which has risen over the 25 year period .
Onyl 's consumption showed litlte ahnge during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grasm per presno re weke .
Bot lamb consumtpio and the category labelled befe had a declining tned between 197 and 20 , although they maitnianed a decrease ovrelal , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 1 gram per person ep wke in 197 to just ov 50 grams epr preson epr week in 2004 , and beef consumption fallni for raound 230 gram per eprsno ep week to just oev 1 grmas per person p ewke .
Chickne ocnsupmtion is the oyl source of emat consumption which shode an increase from 150 rgam pe pesro ep ewek to the highest consumption of 2 p person per weke .
Overall , it is clear orm the graph that some sectors declined , tohesr ro , and one remained stayed over the 25 year period .
Dea Mr. Merrfieild :
My name is Mdityr Larvvo .
I 'm a postodc at the Russian Cancer Research Centre .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of apri .
Recently , he visited Moscwo and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc poistino arbaod .
na since my great interest is to veelop my skill in microscopy dn idgiatl imeg analysis whiel owrkign in the field of cell ibloogy , Alexis told me to try contacting oyu .
Our conversation with Alexis and your new pbulicatoins all suppor the suggestion that working in an oyur lab paparnetly will provide valuable opportunities to master technology and research skills .
ont to mentoin hte participation in an iponeerin stdu .
My own work is ddeicatde to the study of changes in cell - lel contacts dn in the actin ctyokseleton that take place during neoplastic transfomration of epithelial cells .
Earlier I da a publication in PLoS One wit decsritpion of dsiismilarities in the organization and ergluation of adherenec junctoisn associated with different types of tcin bundles in onmral and transformed epitheilal clls .
Thereafter , I stduide the accumulatoin of various acti - binding prtoeins and act isofomr within adherence jnutcion in normal and transfomred cells .
In the course of this nievstigation , I have otbianed some pormising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO ocnfernece whcih wlil atek plcae in Rais at the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing maetrials ro eh netx publicaitno .
Yours faithfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV na a cop of my paer are in the tatahcment .
Dimtry Lavrov
P.S. My CV an a co of my paepr er in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the lod city , through its beautiful suqares dn parsk and I visited the numerou churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of lpaces in Lgu worth vsiiting .
For example , you c wkl around the Moan Wall , which was delcare a protected UNESCO World Heritage iste in 2000 , because it is the old Roman Wlal in t owrl that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops wehr tourists and tourists can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants that take you to delicious and typical idhses , for example , octopus .
In ulgo , amyn traditionla parteis adn festivasl ta place .
Among the most ipmotrant I can mentio San rfoilán adn Arde Lucus .
From 4 to t2h October Lugo holds its asn Forlián Fiestas .
San Fiolán is a festival of National Tourist Intreets .
Thi festival is dance to the city 's patron siatn , and it shows trdaitoinal Galciain costmue and folklore .
Another important fsetiva in Lguo is Arde Lcuu .
It is eclebratde in June .
Druin thsi festival , ulg beocmes the r3 century town ocne again , so you can s Rom circus , Ceitc weddings , artisan amrkets , many musical events , taki places and local people viistors get nit period costumes , such as gladiators and Roam Emperors .
I recommend you visit ulg in ujn because Ared Lucus is ceelbrated .
uo ca eojy traditinoal ormna csutosm nad Rmoa life in Ard Lucus .
Lugo is an inceridble city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical palecs and efstivals which show and perform preics preidos of the history of Spain , such as the ectlic reiod of the Roman period .
The bigger the icty , the bigger the problem .
ht town is the 2nd lragest urbna agglmoertaion in the country , prdouicng lagr aomunt of waste daily . "
City X " ahs no special waste dispasl pl , b a federal WA establishes a due etrm until 1 July .
Despite this , three aer a fwe plasn to increase the green areas and revitalize t two .
ht ciyt is trhivign on implementing necessary measures to achieve the Counci 's goals .
This analysis wll conisst of evaluaitng the Cuoncil 's eco - friednyl prposoals .
In accordanec iwth the aforementioned , the amount of garbage rpoduced durnig eh between 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it dicsraded inadequately .
Htis is ud to the low fefetc of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal rqeiurements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling fatcoires .
T ercycling facotries have a joint venutre with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result of 20% better than last year .
hte program rerpesnets 2% of employment in eh cit , but it enesd to epxand .
The city has myn projcets , such as " Keep it calm , kee it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disopasl in the public area .
Another important one is " Le 's mak it green " , ersopnsible for increasing the green aeras within the city by 1% over the last two years , conisstign of a combination of upbli and private investment in reforestation of rurla and communal areas .
A later crucial atcviity are the " Gree Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables conusmed in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waset policy htta integrates rpiavte adn public sectro and the community is rqeiured to solve the current problem .
Th icyt nede an iont venture to improve the functional and sustianabl commerce of reyccled rubbsih .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED rperot of 021 and also fulfisl 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is acused by a lack of training , which can be ersolve by training offerde in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year ff before leaving school a tsarting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to enw places .
Another idea is y c wokr , you fidn a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they fiinsh shcolo because of eh exam , so they ene to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asai , Thailand or Chi .
B You need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can only wor and tehn travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , many people think oyu hsolud go to university immediately atfre oyu niish cshoo because if you do n't , you forget how you have leanrde in school .
ub I think you ca laos learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea , especially if you find a job that hwta you want to study .
We liv in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future veerytihng will look like in science - fiction movie .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have the ability to choose which place we want to live .
na what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imaigning my future , I see eveyrthing different .
eh avant - gadr a futuristic edisgns of house will be the omts deisrabl .
The houses will have , for example , t shaep of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be utrned upsdie won .
Sometimes , they will be a kind of a modern artistic and it will be hard to describe the shape .
na what about interiors ?
In your experience , there will be more machnie and robots with artificial nitelligence .
They always do practically everything : celan , coko , erimnd us what we have to do a spe tih us like an ordinary human .
In rpactiec , there will be no noram failure , just machines waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's how I meet the hem of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to another eh lsat round of interview next month !
I really want to work with you somdeay !
To make sure you get the position successfully , there is soem of advice and information you should get to know .
On the Internet , foreign interviewers wtih a good impression of great information . Here are some itp on how to do it .
rist , derssing as appropriately as possible .
Bsuinesslike suits and tse fti in well with ht formal occasion .
Siuatble drses come across as effective and reliable .
Second , biegn punutal .
Itnerveiwers have to cope with an ithgt schedule every day , so they are n't wiilng to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's alt somheow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old syaing goes , everything prepared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , answer proper questions and communicate efficiently with interviweers .
If you learn as much knowledge about your company as you can up front , you really stand a hcanec in the interview .
Since you 've applied for t laes assistant position in eh saels department , the sale magaer will be itnervieiwng oyu .
He straetd out his career as an acconutant , btu he was fed up with daeling with numbers al ad lno .
Plus , he wanted to communicate with others and talk about enw challenges , so he transferde to the sael department wt eyras GA .
He got promoted to Vrey Qucilky because he always brought forth en idsa and afciliatted reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , he counts mots is t rtac records the acapbilities shwo in teh previous working experiences , so he might ask you many questions about what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mentio abvo will be of sem ehlp to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you sno .
Lots of Love ,
Iris
Dear is or Mad
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps in the USA .
Because my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am egenrally deemed ceherful , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitable candidta for the aforementioned position .
In addition , as a teenager , I superivsde a Wlo Cub pakc of ieght- to wtelv - yaer - olds , an often ornaised sport and evening activities for them , such as tresarue hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , whe an unedrgradaute , I spent my summer working in the college cantne as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cooking .
Because of the above points , I think I am a suitable person for hte job .
Yours faithfully
I find it extremely difficult to find an era of improvement given naders 's otustnading overall performance .
Y , otfe , being overly resptcful may play against mi adn , although he ahs gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them said he should build up his esfl - confidence , rather than attempting to cover veeroyne 's back and taking ownership of ohtre pepol 's misatkes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in imdn a mni goal : raising public awareness of my language skills and the services it will provide .
Then I wolu tsart gtaherin some information aobtu the maekt . th is to say , social trdns , population tsatistisc , such as eg , gender dn fmaiyl type , poetntial customers dn competitive as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to idnetify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' nee .
fater that , I wou amek a lsi of atrget mraktes and deive some stress to attract tme .
Fo isntance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies oclud be to introduce lnine soica mdei presenec by soting regular updates aobut my language cshoo on Twitte and afcebook or to fofe discounts for siblings .
Instaed , if my ogla was to increase adutl awaerness , avdetrising in local newspapers or offerin ietnsive courses could prove successful .
However , if the tarte marekts were both young people and adults , fofering discuonst fo family groups could be a better choice .
Teh la tsep would be to recriut a staff of professional , experienced and uqalifeid teachers and to se an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Las b on least , I will test dieas and approahces on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you evr thought about how you cuold promote your language courses , more example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to ceent reesarch , three are no odubts htat natuarl g rdillnig irgs , natural g pipelines adn udnergroudn gas storgae ocnrtibute to the increasing ewlath of coal communities .
People wh ilv in the areas of natural gsa infrastructure eran from a few to several percent mor tha thos live in tohre regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry qeuasl new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploration and extraction of shal ag will rceat olst of en jsb in very different branches cnonecetd with hte sa nidsutry . of insatnce , in epxloratio , mining , porductino dn distribution of shel ags .
We can not igonre the fact that companies which cooperate with this infarstructure will also creaet job opportunities .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists molty fr rboad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastrnooym and hospitality sectors , as they ened to eta nad selpe somewhere .
Accordnig to the dynamics of development of natural ga infrastructure , there will be ocnstan development in the agstronom and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Instittue conudcted research hwich shows that opland can bneefit from extracting and developing the infrsatrucutre of shale ag .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people event annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of hwich chances to visit .
Coosing weher to go in Gerece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
There are other travel destintaiosn that definitely stand tu , such as Santorini .
Sandy baeches , crystal - clear waters and eh frinedyl olcasl ra are not the only things that set it parat rfom toher islansd .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a psectacular sigth , even though expolring it can be dangerous !
naothre alce wtrh visiting rgeec is tahens .
Bleieve it or not , Athesn is one of the the beautiful icteis in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolsi Museu and the district of omnastiraki are just a few of the thisg hta eppole lov abotu Ahtens .
Lsa but not least , Rcete is one of the most spectacular ilsands in Gerece .
Besides havign beautiful asnd beahce and ebin the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which rae xetreemly goo f !
Smuming up , Greece is a beautiful country to visit , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days rae gion to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's muhc bett to prepare for a long time for any ex you might face in your ilef .
It 's quite important to be organiezd to te the highest scor yo cna ge in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my ifnal surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to tsudy all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reveiwign the TIWC .
The pl reiured my commitment to around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
Because of th ahrd work and epfrect discipline , I wa able to gte a ve hgih scor in my usrgrey finals .
If I da n't had scuh an organide plan , I would neve ahev to such a prefcet score .
Another thing for dd is being stressed the night before the exam .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervousness when Christmas is approaching .
Wha is not the norm at ll is high anxiety due to the plethroa of sutdise oy haven't finished na tta ra inlcuded in your exam .
For example , I once did a chemistry exam in high school and I was ginorant enough to englect my sutdeis , thinking that I itll had enough time to cae my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had ru tu of ti .
I had inosmnia teh nihg before my exma . It aw n't eonugh that I was n't wel prpearde , but alos my nerves got niot tattesr and that affected my scoers tremendously .
Ever since , I do everything in ud time in order to be overly serssed and te lwo scores .
Moreover , if I ai at getting a high score , I assert that memory details are important .
If you do n't start studying before the axm at an appropriate tiem , you will only have enough time to know the basic outlines of the sujbetc , but TSI will never help you soak up the detail and understand the concetps lying behind every single owrd .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to review everything before your exam .
I can recall a time when I was iute ill before my Anotmy exam ; I could nol go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question where it erquirde describign an ocncept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lot and mmeorzied aht cocnept before myn items , I was abl to remember it .
It was ju folodign bac without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn will help you a lto in the oyur exam .
In s , I believe that setting a schedule to ha a lon - trem preapratino paln is much better than having a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and improve wll , you should start studying from one psosbile .
Do n't you think you are wroht getting the highest score on a good aim course ?
In my opinion , nulcea energy hsa the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The carbon idoxied emissoin is very small .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving into a nulcear opwer palnt rae gettnig faer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of neregy is the colsest to repalcin fsoisl ufles .
Energy which we get from the sun and iwnd is only a percent of world engry productoin .
Though , the construction of an uncelar power lpant is expensive .
Once we have a plant , we make energy from that is evyr chaep .
T mos xepensiv thign in a nuclear power alnt is hiring quafiied personnel .
In additio , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making neegry when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire countries could be damaged by chaos , and that is unpleasant .
Li is the only Sou American city which is the capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founde by Rfancisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Cuidda de los Reyes " .
Mia has a multicultural tradition , as it coincides a comlpex mix of racial nad ethci gropu , like mestizos , European Pervuian , Oh are the second largest orup , and the minotiy in Lima includes Aymara nad Quechua and Afro - Peurviasn .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigrtaion , idnigenuos influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hisapnic lgecay wit architectural monmuents , called " Huacas " .
T Historic Ctnre of Ilam was declared an owrld Heritaeg Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amaznig archietcture , like balconies , churches ilk San Francisco Church hwcih h mysterio subterranean actcaombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the lsat incrdeible Spanish fortress ; though hteri costumes as well as the Carnivla . On this day oyu ca enjyo this particular , interesting an colorflu fesvial because oy us water , patn or tacl to te yo faimyl and neighbors . Through tehri traditionla adcne , callde " La Marinera " . They also ekpe their history through relgiion , where y discover the religious etnhusaism which is reprseenetd by la Proceisón del Señor de ol Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wondreful example of hteir sybmols , like Mazamorra Moraad , el Pisco Sour ( nie ) , el ecvich , los ciarones , etc .
Lmia is a beautiful city of conarst , where you ca find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Acrhaeological sites , becahse , vlaleys , nature reserves a th exquisite cuisin give Peur 's capital an authentic presonailty and sgihsteeing in Lima is a uniqu a afntasitc experience .
Definitely , ilm is a spectacular and hcarmin ict to spned you perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opneing a savings account in the UK . I 've did smo research to find the best savings account for you .
eblwo you can ifdn a fwe suggestion of mine .
T Phone Bank might have quite a good offer for you .
Fristly , the raet of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
dadiitonally , if you open an asvnigs account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gfit .
And you do not need to pya any annual chargse to have a crdeti card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
Adn all banking opartions are done by pho .
Teh escnod bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many barnches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all bnaking trnasactions on the spo .
tu tehre is a sreivce charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a igft as a ne account holder ; a fu set of saucpeans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to epn your ifrs savings account with the Phnoe Bank , isnce the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
And doin transactions by phone is actually very easy na the lawyas give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is oyrus .
Take acre and see you every soon ,
Yousr Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yhaoo.com
Frmo : oS7jM@yahoo.oc
Sbuejct : an important thing to do !
My edar Pa ,
I 'm writing to tell you wo hpapy I am thta I have the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaa 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and htey sia they wanted me to get to the conecrt as soon as possible to see how good I was at sonud ercordin .
Wha can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realized the thought of me doing this ofr such a great , important psron in the world music industry .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my services .
I could hardly wait to see him and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yuor ,
Ionut
I have been ksinig fo mts of my ilef and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very absi compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day , as soon as I walk up , I look forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents will take me to an egtnle olpe iwht my brother will leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on uo ow .
The temperature was tfen several dgeeres belo zreo , and you could freeze if you did n't ke omvign up and down the slo .
My brother showed a natural talent for the psrot , but I felt slightly uncomfortable and sacre .
Life by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyin myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a clid , taking fe lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school sutd and pas experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected abvoe rae n accidental .
I am extremely inreested in agiinng experience in my business field .
Th subjects I 've pruused at high Scohol level , such as financial accountign , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understadning business ocncept nad ahs gvie me a soldi academic founadtino .
I 've also particpated in various orup porjects and class projects wihle in high school .
I am planning to ian Damissino at the university of my choice in order to get a bachelor 's degree .
I owul love to work with extremely talented students , teachers and even professors in order to receive a world - rounde introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected baove .
Academiaclyl , I 've always been a very determined and sutdiosu individual and I would be more willing to deovte myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable apssion for exrta - curricluar activities .
I am the president of the ubisness tsuednts Assoication ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefce ) and Cpatani of the school soccer team .
I am a very good soccer player w plays midfield .
Undertaking a scholarship dn admissio to oen of the universities I ahve seletce baov will give me the opportunity to papyl the knowledge gained at high school in a business stetign , as well as edvelop teh communication , ogranisation a numearcy ksilsl I acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Cezch Governmen Scholarshpi , I decided to do smoe rseearc on Czceh Reupblic beofer taking any st towards applying .
I found out that Czech erpubilc is a country wht ric psosibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid soail changes and transformtaion , making it a fasicnating place for students of ayn disicpline to study in .
Cezc universities provide high standard of education , intrenaitonally recongiezd degrees , moedrn campuses with outstanding facilities , an asfe and affordable education , a warm and frienyl environment and ucltuarl diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in on the saefs and most stbale cuontires in Europe .
baoev all , the high uqality of eudcatino will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Als , education in Nigeria is now a joek as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentayl . I believe that my ambitno to learning business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - ucrricluar activities and communication serivec , wuol kae me a competent dadition to any of my chosen universities and the Czec Republic Scholarship team .
I believe tha I ac kae a positive cotnributino to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy environment environment for everyone .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a garudate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in mer awy than no .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - well known FTC that people ened to communicate with other people .
However , they have to always be satisfied or taken tno the soiceyt .
The esek solace in someone who htey eel mer comfortable with .
The best example is an aniaml iwth greta qualities , a dog .
A dog 's personality is not of st ebts quailties .
Alawys friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
The senes when their master is sad and react by cudilng up to ehm .
It means people forget about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A od 's optimism is by far the best aw to irng bac a slie to people 's faces .
And htat is wah htye rae theer fro , to make people happy .
These hairy uor - leggde animlas er slo rey pretctive .
One of their jobs is to watch ore their human family .
So if they notice that the owner might be in dange , they immediately react by braknig at a person or something that might have caused it .
T strongre the bond between the dgo a tehri onwre , t strogne the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of tatnetion , which is not teu .
Dosg aer really that hard to tka car . Btaihng and grooming do n't ened to be done every day , they just need to be f and walked regularly .
ehse pets nde a ef wkls a day , which uold also be good for their own hwo spen al ad at owr or in school and need more physical activity .
So , haivng a od colu also reminds them to have a healthier life .
In conclusion , do make erall great ptes .
to only do tehy prote y from naytihng htta codl do yuo ayn harm , but ehir amazign pernoality and the love they hso to you amkse oyu feel so warm and wonderful on teh insdie .
So , if someone really lvose their EP , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to htem , because they rtul aer man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hae fr you gaain ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kka adventure " , oen of the mo well - knwo centrse in ru cuonrty .
First of all , we started with a tirni assault course , which consisted of climbing up pertyt sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Even though it made me efel exhausted , I found it extremely neetrtaining .
Lucikl , I wa fi enough to ifnsih execris without having a problem , However , I want to practise a little bit more before embarknig on this activity .
Roc climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the cat that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mounatni is atfre scuh a big effrot!.
Furthermore , you will be able to go canoein . Yuo are liekly to fele scraed at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , thanks to the constant uspoprt of oyur taechers .
One of the alst activities ofefre by the center was dancing .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , tsut oyur trainer , sinec they are highly qualified .
To mu up , I firmly eblieev that you will have a rgaet tmi there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a l without getting yourself nito troulbe .
For all these reasons , this century 's real wroth a siit .
Write oso a el me onw if you want to know anything else .
With bes wihses
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my oro .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized tha I was right , it wa from Pasi ...
My mother had written to me fatre month !
isnce left Paris last year , I had been living in the school resdienec , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
B I ahd her ltetre at last , so I started to erad it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holdiyas I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never trvaelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my rfenhc and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear isr / Madam ,
Application for the Pots of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the psot of Chie Chinese Ediotr listed at ojbDsB on 62ht January , 0215 .
I am an arduate of the Chinese University of ohn okng .
I am proficietn in Chinese alnguaegs ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over tne eyars ' experience of listening inudstry .
Currently I am working for as a deiotr .
I am an aggressive , aggressive btu acrfeul person who can owr indepednently .
On the oehr ahn , I am also a gdo tea pyaer who can work well with colleagues , presetnable and with a rtong senes of responsibility .
Attache pleaes ifdn my ersuem and portfolio for your referenec .
Please fe free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if oyu Owul would like to idsucss my qulaifictaions further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yousr faithfully ,
hce Ki Tsou
Edcuation is a milestone in our life and having a go education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware people disappointed with educational systems and intsitutionailzed eudctaion tr to se homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
lahtough children may see , accoridng to smoe of these parents ' opinions , " a paved orda " , it
is an apth to supply for everybody 's car , and that compels us to see tohre rtues .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
Cnaaad , and especially the USA , can obas of having it .
There are lots of countries that have to
accepted homeschooling as a legal altrenatvie so far adn otehsr where it is juts an isolaet ocucrrnece .
The situation in Sapni can be assessed as a " lgeal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to fr
education , which education is compulsory in elementary and sceondary education .
Educational and emotional feredom support tsi alternative wa of learning .
Homeschooling ma also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sport , and even family lfie .
Homeschooled students ' success bene backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recogniton of rpestigoius universitie .
onw thoug , before homeschooling yuo dis you also have to consider the sam amount of roadblokcs :
The lack of facliities or expertise , on enough socializtaion for your children , you end up being a furtsrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about hmoeschooling as a wake - up call fro education
syetms .
However , homsechooling will neve succeed if paernt do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies poe up as " hte
solution " an blended learning is the future .
The georgaphy and natural environment around the building space , as wel as the neighbourhood , iwll suerl be taken into consideration when designing houses of ftuuer .
Obviously , the ftuure also idniactes a hmoe with more technology and vyr neergy - efifcient systems .
In areas exposed to environmental disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses iult of resistant mtaerial .
Steel or concret structures owul give th edsried feefct in this particular regard .
Environmnetally - frinedly buildings will definitely be on the rdaiwng obrad .
Buil from recyclable or recylced mtaerails , the xeterio surface of these ohuses hsoudl be ready to be l by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and soalr panels on the roofs , which are more and mer populra , even htees adsy .
Moreover , solar neeryg colcetors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( scuh as population grows ) lil be solved by exlpioting smoe new areas .
Maybe it 's building a castle in teh iar , but houseboats and apartments situated abo city stertes seem to be a perfect solution to use up places that would otherwise be waste .
Although people will keep umlling oev oh to modernize their fancy houses ( and braggnig baotu it to neighbours ) , they will still enjoy a warm , co eb a a nci c of eta .
I suppos tha will nveer change , even if they ilev in a cnorcete ivory tower .
Catch it or lo it
The aplha and the omge of a good taem is truts .
That 's the most important thing if you want to pla hnadabll .
You must be able to thrwo the ball blindly to your teammate and he sa to catch it .
Otherwise teh person will have eh chance to get a score .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dnymaic sports in this world .
Oev eight points can be made a tgoether in sxity minutes , if no veen more .
Thi hsosw h rapidly the game acn changed .
One los ball ac make your etam the losre of the game .
I started to pla handblal when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but after that year it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditinoa tema sipirt .
If you want to play basketball , just be sure that you have a good etma and do n't forget the f !
Triathlon : A faomu sport throughout the world
It seems as if , ercently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing something .
Clearly , htsi is an ocnsequence of the extra ohur we have to work ady and , as a way of relaxing , we fidn doing a sport as an effective way of atkign the stress out of our bodise .
In France , we see many people jogging and cycling these dyas , whether it be in the morning before going to work or vene afetr .
Dseipte these two being the most popular psotrs amongst athletes , man more are just as interesting and beneficial .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It ocnssits of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extermel dmeanding .
hwta I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it enar my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It asl means I can hcoose the olcatoin that most plaeses me and htereofre fully enjoy their time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become more popular ove the apts efw yesr adn omre and more people are eager to do it .
Therefore , it is crucial to undesrtand tah improve in such a dmeanding reqiure time and it is important to etsablsih some oglas in order to keep motivated .
You must push yourself to high .
A gap year between school and ocllege sounds like a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there is a smoe question as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguemnts in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to p ocllege , so tkain a g year to earn money to help with the bills is itme well spent .
But thta is not t only erasno to kae a year ff .
Most people think that this year is for travelling to other ocuntrise and spedning all oyu tiem in aprties , but htsi is true , you can travel to edvelo yuor cultures and do volunteer work , so you c become a better person .
On the other hand , many eens who atke a year o end up spenidn it in the wrong way .
For example , things mgiht on go as though had eepcted for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a bo .
In conclusion , people should take a ye ff , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
ehlol , my name is Lidi . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a imnuet of time to explain w hiirgn I will help your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth dn fnila year of a degree in oturism at the University of the World Hertiage city of Caceres , which is located in France .
In my htird year , I did my intenrsihp as an erceptionits in a four - star hot ro 2 and a half months in Badaj .
I already have skill in listening colsley to customers an in - depth understanding of rfon desk opeartiosn .
My previous experience working abora in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a ogo tae player , and like to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is psnaish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Itlaia as well .
Talkni about my interests , Tarvelin is one of the activities I nejo oms , in order to disocve enw places and cultures .
I also lev meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.acb.es or jts acl me on 695 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much fro tkaing eh time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fanatsy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first ceutries of teh Middl egs , the story is about the adevntures of Glie , a farmer of the village of Hma , who bceoems a hero aianst his wishe by defaeting a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , to only maanging to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also otbaining a huge treasure .
At the dn of the tsoyr , Gile becomes an independent girl .
I liked Htis Sotyr a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stroise , especially Tolkien 's onse : they tka me to other univeres , making me fgret eevryady ilfe .
Sceonldy , it is very original , because it is a sort of paoryd of trdatiional legneds : the hero is an oridnary person , knight er shwon to be fearful dn icnompetent and clashes are w wti words isntead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is fnuyn na daventurou and Tolkien 's iornci styel , based also on the comical of Latin worsd , makes it extremely lpeasatn to Reda .
edar Sir or Madam ,
I am rwitign htis ltete to apply for the position in the USA Sumemr Camp that I saw advertised in our olacl newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational isntitutions or in social care .
I have ercetnly graduated in Psycohlgoy from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Spurevising courses .
In addition , we had to have on aer of volunteering in a Youht Supervsiino environment in preparation for our fnila assignmen , so I am bale to be a meebr of oyur higlhy - siklled sfaf .
Sinec I was 13 years old , I hleepd my parents with rbinging up my ofur younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteerin in a variety of yotu orgnaizatoins as suprevisor and tutor .
In the first two years , I worked in the Scout Organization , helping the aera manager to organize activities for children .
ihs experience has given me the ability to cope with the neesd of all ytpe of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in a youth environment .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precis dn fefciient in ogranizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lbuomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaden or imnd ?
In my opinion , traveling does broadne your mind .
Whne you visit different places , you g to experience different environments , cultures , people and vee different languages .
Travelilgn ehlps oyu to develop as an eprosn in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different for yuor or on , even if it is just a f basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regnos and you improve your confidence .
Travelling slo helps to see the aw in what other people see , to see htta oyru w of liivng is not the only one that exists .
Tihs can ehl oy to understand that no evreynoe has aecss to mnay things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart pohne , computers , acrs or even fre water , which is a bsaci resource and we tend to take of granted taht veeyrone can have som water to drink eve though this is not true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we es there are many different cultures htta different greatyl from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
ro all of htes reasosn I think travelling really braodesn your midn .
I want to biul my caeer as a ufll flegde reseacrher and acedmic .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostl also interested in pursunig my PhD in Theorteical and Computational chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium propreties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carr out my Dh research into the development of transitio emtla complexes which ca be used as rdugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetic materials and as photonci and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I las fidn Anlaytical Chemitsry dn Environmnetal Chemistry ra interesting fields of ehmistry because of their numeruos aplpication .
I believe that I pssess the strong motivation and itnellectual capability to buil a raeer in one of my prveioulsy mentinoe filesd .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teacihng as wll as research tih studies of the University of Barisal .
There is no ftuure for public transport ?
The number of cars is increasing rapidly , but public transport is still in sue .
Especially in gi cities where there are traffic ja , public transport is becoming more and more popular aagin .
In some countries , it 's evne forbidden to drive through the city center without special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
what is more convenient - owning a ac or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... hwne oyu travel on your own ac you are idnpeendent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you ar th drievr , so it 's your decision whether you want to leave or stay alone somewhere else .
You can listen to oyru faovrtie music or the radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a drvier , you always have to be careful and watch out for teh orad .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your wo car is the best solution .
It always you to see mhc omr at your own pace .
But tihkn about the ocsst .
Think how much you pay for a terol nowadays .
ocnsider , as we , oh many dasy you have for vacations .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
Comin bkc to ru everyday life .
Most of us live in ib ctiise and are afraid of problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to owkr ?
Well , you do n't have to worry about a parkign space dn you can read more books on the way to rok .
ismpyl , you ca u the journey to work as an addtiional mie for yoursel .
hwa esl ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
nad if the environment is important to you , just thin aobu eh ploltuion .
Let 's reflect another agani : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , tehre is !
Is travelling by car ocvnenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use first person anrration ?
First eprosn narration ac attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and mkae the readers te iot hte thuohgts of the madman esaily .
We ca n't understand the others thin usually , but in this story , the author invites us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Feeling that the mani character is awkward to us , as if we ll ivnolved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had eralyl happened .
Facing the murder directly means the horror penetrates into our heart .
Oh , does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
The auhtro cretae t horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the osund of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes raeder unael to stpo themselves imagining the messages in their minds .
ujs like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Thne comes ht uond , the ehartbaets .
In my opiinno , the heartbeat is the elemen that pushes the whole story to the clim .
Every time the sound of heartbeats startde , something ensues .
The first time , when t mamdan aerd hte heratbetas of the lod man , he was going to kill hte old mna , and he did it .
The next tiem when the mamdan heard teh heartbeats , he became imptaietn , scraed , excited and isnan . In the edn , he conefsesd that he kileld t na an dismembreed hte cropse .
At the sma tiem , the heartbeat laos made readers nervous and anxious .
Fnially , I think the reason the author wanted to express t disroderde mdn of the madamn is si intonation .
The whoel tsoyr paart rfmo the ned of the tsor when he confessed the crime , t maamn uesd intonation that is exrtemeyl caml and steady , to tell the readers the process of the ceul htin hta he had done .
The sharp contrast of the cml and eh cruelty , lease us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror inrceases .
" Let 's go to the ofrest to see the vraieites of animals which are fou three " , Max said to his friend one sunny afternoon .
Weh la was es , they started their irp to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , trying to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbtis and deer .
Max and his friends went on a walk under the trees when , arcoss teh rivre , they saw something that looked like an animla liyng on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said .
Thye ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the naima sa."It 's a deer , i elg is in an arp ! " , Mxa 's friend shouted .
When they saw the anila , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the dee .
vaing made this decision , Max found the courage to op the trap , but the edre d n't work because his leg was inujred .
One of Mxa 's friends brought water fmo the river to see the deer .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to traet the animal .
Aftrewadrs , the ainma was better and it walked away slowly .
After the ady finished , Mxa and his friends returned home feeling happy because ehy hda savde th naimal 's lfi . " aht an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he ogt tno bde that night .
The question is : whether is it impossible to be famous without journlasits ?
rpobalby on , b htere rae amny people in show ubsiness or policial ilef , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
egnreally , people may be faomsu fro tow raeosns : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
If you wanted to become famous because of your scadnlaous private ilef , it would be sliyl to complain about tirni paparazzi .
Theer is a urel , probably one of the most important in people lfie . That says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they a laking about you ' .
Most celebritise flolo ihs rlue , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private lives .
The eral problem starts when jouranlists injure their celebrity , or their friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emtoioanl development .
How about people who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they aer jsu diong their oj as well as they can , leading their boring life .
Adn ehn finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their lfi , they ujts leave the anoe .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision because wehthre they want to share msot important part of their life with journalists .
na I hope they understand , their goal is to protect their erlaitves .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasuers of life .
As a person who loves to EA , I consider the environment , quality of food and prci as the main factors to decide whe I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " als Ficheras " .
It was usggested by wt friends of mine and , according to them , beacus of the goo food dn fu environment .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have ufn and aet good Mexican food after a stressful wee .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive , considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced contniuous problems with the order , such as : diehs for anothre tbale serevd to us by mistake , th rdinks were esvred wit a considerable delya dn teh bill was hsown ene wtihuot saknig ( ujts because we fnisihed the dinner but our irnks wer tsil on the table ) .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mnie on teh da fate who told me hta had dinner at " Las ciheras " bfeoer and , in her opioin , as a Mexina , that restauran was terrible .
She also told me that a greta Mxecian restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good servec .
I got curious about this place and decided to go lare .
" Pistola y Corazón atqueria " was the first Mxeicna restaurant where I could aet gorgeous Mexican food , with low pirecs and great service .
They esrved us " nachos " with tomato sauce for rfee while we were choosing hte mia dihses .
After choosing , a bottle of fres water was esrve , again , for free .
We cohes " tacos " of maet with guacomle sauc dn it wa absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , they offere us a shot of teqiul to niish our visit , confirming that great places sitll xeits .
Hye ! I survived ! ! :)
First of lal : THAKn YOU Ro YOUR TIME AND YUo HELP WITH Ht ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
And also , wehre are oy nwo ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back hem dn I 'm up na rnning , even though my untreated srpained alke sa got woes .
Last week I was lent an ankle suppotr and some crutches , so ever since then it 's gogn btetre .
Furthermore , today I have stratde my 15-d rehabilitation sessino !
So I should be back jumping aronud in no time :) .
As you know , Malta aws a bi upnch irgth in the stoamhc , which for sure I di n't nee ! :( .
eh course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( ufnn enough not one of the only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was nto sufficient to cvoe la the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS adn maigc savde me rgiht at the lsat second ( the last night ) , and I elft Malta with a smile and an awrmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK OyU once again .
Ba home , Everything started fast - I should have gotten used to it by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totlaly mimeresd in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific apper ro a former student of Imen .
He decided to finish the second laf without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both of the feelni of meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as ye :/ ) less omnye earned that it wlil mean .
* Sorry , I 'm og na ( ab)su yuo native language sklisl ocn again : here " ont meeting his expectations " , uold be substituted by another experssion .
What I do n't understand is the differenec between htis buhc : be good enough , measure up , make the green ; be up to standard / eh taks .
Theer again , hivng a whole bcnh of free ohusr ( adsy !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was n conuting on , proved to do wrong ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I have been the whole eek at my friend 's lpcae , as he lives in Madrid and iute close to the writer 's house , where I ha been staying evrey dya las we ) , and I started getting things done . Pl I gave my ankle a erts , hwich was veyr much needed too !
The wto - ad one - night rtip wi my motehr adn isste went quite well .
ht plca we were visiitgn aws very beautiful , and if it had n't bne for the limitations of my ankle , we would have ogen ro a shro hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken umhc longer than I ahd planned .
I have sent a lot of sv , and have gone to 3 intevriesw so far , slo ofr neglish classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Rmal , cuol yuo wait a bit longer ?
I haven't uond tiem to upload the pictures ( of LaL THE THINGS that I need to sor otu , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a prioirty .
Do remin me agani , ohugh , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Miro abtu t speaeksr ?
Becuaes chattin is aw fastre htna wtiing ;) .
I 'm not na go now .
Tlak to oyu soon , Mike .
ahv a big uhg rfmo ( Se , FNiALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Gloabl waimng and its consqeuences in 2015
The Guardian article " owrld 's climate about to etner ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th December 2015 , edscribes the problem of global warming .
According to the sceintist at the Biritsh Mte Office , 2015 is going to be ht yae weh hte miletsone of 1C warming will be eracehd - caused by global warming - which will aed to unknown cosnequecnes in the future .
hte Wor Meteorological Organizatio dae known publicly that 105 ahs been the htotest ye on record as well as it haivn created mer rabon idoxide on average by burning fossil fuel .
These problems ju announced recently will be isuses to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , owlrd eladers will be negotiating about cutnig the increase in carbon emissions coupeld with the El Niño clmiate phenomenon .
Stephen Belehr , directro of the te Ofifec 's Hdaley Cetnre , claims that humantiy is to blame for climate changes liek the rsi in tepmerature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming irsse beydn 2C. This opinion is aos represented by the British Secretary of energy and cilmtae chnaeg , Amb Rudd , who ocnsiders clmiate change to be o of the gretaest problems in politics noawdasy , due to st consequences fo t economy , global secutiy a the figh agaisnt poveryt .
hs stands up for a global dae confirme at the UN summit by Eladin Staets and tehrefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a cotninuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central Enlgand , which has wamre 20% omre above the lgobal average .
Global warming in genrea leads to more natural disasters like folodnig , heatwaves , water shrotages and olss of harsets .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warm would be veen mro daamging , according to eblcher .
Despite the result of a NAS study pointing out that there wuol ahev been an ams growth in Antarccia between 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that tihs prognsois will come true , according to rpof Andrew hsephedr , University of eleds , as eh study has alreday been prvoe wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the AnSA study shosw a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to the plnaet in terms of liivng conditions , environment and economics and an issu ro the UN smumit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdade rfameowrk in which eh IWC operatse .
Fifteen whailng nations fromde the WiC afte whal populatoins collapsed .
eh organisation was initailly set up to conserev ahles nol to teh xetnet taht ehy oculd continue to be used by humans .
The importance of Wordl Herigae properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experienced them , they ovke a sense of wonder and amdiration .
To be inlcuded on the OWRL Heritage List , propertie must be of outstanding universal value and mete at the oen of et eslection criteria .
hte World Herigae sit is ipmortnat ebcaues It attracts tourists and its landmarks are ehrished by everyone around the world .
It is also ptoected by UNESCO because the have foudn n ainmals or lpants ; there are enadngere species in that area or they have an important importance in histor .
World ehritaeg is the designation ro placse on Eraht that ra of outstanding nuivesral value to humanity and , as usch , has been inscribed on the World Heirtage List to be rpotceted by future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
eh site is the porperty of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interests of the international community to rpotect the site of future generations .
Protection and preservation are a concern of the international World Hretiage communtiy as a whole .
Another advantage ofr a site being inscribed on the list is that cne a conutry isgn the environment , dn ah sites isncrbied on the World Heritage Lis , eh resuitng prestige often hepl rasie awareness maogn citizens and governments of heriatge preservation .
Greaetr awraeness leads to a gneerla ri in the level of proettcion nad consrevatino given to heritage properties .
An ocuntyr may also receive physical assistance and xepert adivc from the owrl Herita Commtitee to support activities for the preservation of the sites .
The disadvantages of ties not included in the World Heriateg ilts is that these sets are not funded , so they ca n't protect the rikss .
Moreover , tehy remain on the ils of sites in Dang without recievign assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Danegr , unless they do not meet the ten criterai , should be protected by USeCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new words to ifnanc and dened the natural nature culutra heritage .
Cricket is my passoin .
I love looking , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us tema work , collaobratino and strict training .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
Eve whne I aw a kdi , I staret playnig with obsy much loedr ahn me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills arpidl .
I follow cricket religiously and have watched almost every match nidai lpayed .
Sachi etdnulkar is my favourite circekter .
I am a fan of his batnig .
He has broken amlost every recodr in cricket history .
Apatr from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to ahndl rpessure and his cml nutre in all situations .
If osmeone wants to learn mo baout cricket , I would advise him to watch the batitn of greats like Sachin , rdaivd , Lraa adn Pointing .
To learn more about baotu bowling , one must watch Akram , War and umrli .
I would also advise reading mo about cricket on cricinfo.oc .
It has inec articles , reviews and statistics on mayn players and games .
Reading biograhpies of other famous circketers will also help them to understand the insights of the gmae in depth .
rcicke is going through a rough period due to mtahc fixing and betting scnadal .
Btu I am user it will come out of htis rtong and will spread its winsg la across the world and once again give its nas a magniifcent show .
I met a friend about one wee ga , and he asked me a question tha I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket Lis ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I hda never stop thinking about my life in a deep wa .
By the way , do you know what a black seat is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you d .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly papy .
Abotu Two weeks before I met h , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our satrs " .
It 's about a teen cuopl who is dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and dtah .
Tihs mvoie touched me very deeply , it made me think about ilef and aobu the way people usually lvi without appreciating the really important things .
So , after watching the moei and my friend 's question , I ca n't ehpl thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
ebofre htat , I ah awlasy thought about getting married and having kids as a way to nid ahpipness , btu on I tihnk hta , bferoe this , I ende to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it aws encessayr to meet someone from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I awnt .
It is very strange that another person bceam curuos about a very profound pra of me that I ha never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucke Lsi that I know .
However , now I have an aufl efeling aobut wta I am dnig tod , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
People 's ilves will change in the future , and I 'm sure it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understandigns of history ( and vene presumably icentific oen , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppbale march towards " progress " , however that means .
It is a cyclical rpocess .
orm ha st heyda in the first century AD , but just tere ecnturies altered , it sa noyl a shadwo of its psa .
htsoe later peirod ormans we n't even able to amk ht high quatiy ceemn tah their ancestors ree lbe to amke and have technical mastery vore ujts a few centuries earlier .
And oh c safely as that three centuire from n huamns will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess and take fo graetd ?
No one can guarantee USC a thing .
But I do n't htnik , unlss there 's another owrdl W . people 's lives will cahgne dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the gae of etchnolgoy will ahve it epak , dn after that there will be a declnie , untli a n Da Age .
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
A worldwide word is the caes in which we will ee a dramatic change in people 's lives in the period of 50 years orm nwo .
But are there , da , porspects for the world world ?
I do n't think so , tu on hte oth hdn , what the hell do I know ?
The course that will lead to a new World War mya well be in existence right onw ofr la I know , and no one , or only a f vyr wies and nitelligent people , nkwo bauot it .
noe ad in the future , another Franz Ferdinand ocul be iklled , and that symbolic event could srev gaian as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , btu eh true underyling cuases that actually de cuontries to wage aw against ecah other would have hteri roots in cuh older times .
As the causes of t Seocnd owlrd aw ah its roots in evnts htat ree the otucome of the First War , a third , hypothetical war , oculd vae ti orot in a aps cnofilct hta well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statemetn on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
rfom : Simoentta
Det : 05/30/14
Subject : hloidays rae ocming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we have been in tuoch DN . I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can play something together .
My famil and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Snushine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentiend to you ho much fnu I had there na hwy it was great !
It would be terrific if you could tell me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask Paren ' permissino ?
In ihs Camp , parents aer cml na do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entrie island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide plecs f for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There a a weird rgne of activities rpomotde by t tsfaf lal with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , ow tenn courts , one football pitc , canoeign lessons and so on . The thing I like most is scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The map is well - known na open rfo amy to October dn it will be ogo to bo within wt weke . It is always overbooked fo eh epriod my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us rfmo the 1 Auugs to the 51th ?
I am looikn frowar to recievnig your ansre !
Best wishes
Simonetat
eh odorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen aslee on t course watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front doo .
Outside stood the msot extraroidnary - looking man : he looked like a Spanhs elephant hnuetr .
I wsa taken aabc , so I called my toher , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She mae down , b she id not srceam .
Instead she started cryi .
T man , as it turned out , wa my father , oh ha been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was Sti Ilve .
Mother ha always told me he had di in ht aw .
I think he did this for my own good .
I was very bemusde by the situation dn did n't know if I like him or on .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual bu now he was in my isttin room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first day was difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole afmil agani .
The Grnad Palc is the cnetra suqare of Brssels .
It is surrounded by several lod buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of teh Middel Aeg .
htsee were groups of people doing the same work , usc as carpenters .
Teh helped eahc t elder onse atguht the ynugsters .
Soemtime , they became very rich .
Eca builidng is decorated with the balzno of the ocrporation .
Theri architectuer is nuiqeu and beautiful .
Toad , many of them houses acfés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , ubt thre is laso eh cti msueu .
T square is covered with paveemn and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the odlest rgan place in Europe and it is a part of the odles neighbourhood of rbussles , which is made of narorw paved streest , old and tall buildings and , maon oth htings , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better .
Eevr yaer , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing hsow with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a hgue tree is placed in the corner of the sqaure .
Wawel Royal Csatle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poalnd it is encessary to visit it .
ht first acslte , claeld aplatium , was built in the 11t century , and the reamin of it a tsill visible inside the walls .
Duirng the next century it was expadned , and in the 16th century , Finlal rbeiult in a Renaissacne style , which has ermainde unchanegd unli today - the msot representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
udring the otur , visitors rae shown several roo dn apartments , as well as the Royal Pviate Apartments wti wrold - famous atpestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attrcation of the uor is viisitng eh Crwo Treusry , where Polish croonation nisignia wree stored , and eh armour .
Aaptr from the features , there er alos many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displayin tis hisotr as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel orya Castle , one should not imss sieng Dragon 's Dne - a cave under the Caslt , where , according to the oldes legen , the dragon of Wawle lived .
I reocmmned visiting Wawel yoal Castle because of its beayt 's uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish ihstor culture .
Eveyrone will find something interesting among the vairtey of exhibitions and tours , and ro cetrain , it will be an emmorable experience .
I 've been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am lucky , because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and toguh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to aern by speaking , singing , and doi other activities in English , in a way ismilra to how we learn from our mother tongue .
Mroeover , I travelled to England and lived with English families ofr we ewesk every summer from when I started learning tnil I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite in English .
Even though I do ha little technical knowledge of English grammar , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making so many mistakes .
Oen years ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanecd English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very idfifcult for me to be useful .
I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to pracitse my writing skills .
During the course I had to accomplish so writing assignments and subm htem to be evaluated by my peers .
However , I realized at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that ene when you can mak yourself genearlly undrestood , it is not so easy to be preicse .
A maigcian uess a doev and a bla hat , ub it wolud n't be magic soh if he d n't know how to prepare th tirck .
In the same way , I had eh dreams and th owrd but I ahd to admit that I wanted to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of percies tsylihs writing .
daolescenc .
Everybody s it 's the be peirdo in our whole fie ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
Adolescnec can be compared to a foggy apt and , even when it esems you can es something though it , in relait you ca n't .
This waflu fog is composed of uor uncontrolled meotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a l of things .
This could be one of the reasons hwy we get agnyr so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we s something , they jdug us or they beg some olgn speech to try to change our iaes .
Another thing about the relationships between parents and adolescents is the fac that they confes our minsd .
As I iad , adolesecnt c be very confused and if there 's one thing that gst udner o ksin , it is when moms ya something and they etll us to do the opposite .
The owrst rat is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear , dn then they always get angry and they 're surprised when we get at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to orvoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with uo parents is to find a so of agreement , because in the end , we do n't only feel agner towards , htem we las a lot of love .
Loev : tha 's a new feeling tha adolescnet ha to fca .
It 's ont the usua love we 're used to feeling , lki olev for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kidn of love tta strgugles ; it means butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us idve nito a ostr of miaginray tlae .
That kind of olev thing we see in movies and we dream of ; eh type of love aht does n't elt us fall asele at inhgt .
It is a period in which we have our ifrts experiences , and it is as sacr as it is exciting .
Adolescence is li htis ; there 's a moment that looks magiacl and in the following o you drown in the dark .
Aer grpu leadre ,
First of ll , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hoep that oy ahve a nci welcome na , please , feel at home .
ree , in Malolrca , three aer of places to visit , . I lil recommend you to uniuqe lpcae , without tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the aets of Mlalorca oyu will ifn a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municpiality of ratà you will find a coastal town , Istuatde , on the edg of the mountain rnage of Lleavn .
Sa Colòn de Sant Pere is a rtaidtional fishing village .
Nowadays , you can still ese some fishermen fihsign on the sesaohre .
eher your davneture statrs .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and ujst enjoy the slpendid panoramic view .
You will ride as far as Ca los Cans , one of the most enigmatic behces of Mallorc .
This zone is aptr of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must cycle or walk .
As Mcahdao said , " se ahc camino al anda " .
It means that what must important is wya , the journey .
yccling naer the seashore with the breeze of th esa is one of the most relaxing xeperience in life .
On the way to Ca los Can , you will see the typicla Mediterrnaean vegetatoin .
There are a lot of terse acllde " tamraells " , native trees of the cosa of Mlalorca .
Moreover , you will look between two ancient obleisks which have been ercentl erstored .
Finally , you will go to Ca ol Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sadn and surrounded by trees inside of hotels .
Tehre oyu can do different sports .
It is a perefct place to go idivng because you can see different fihses , urchins and saewede .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the qiuet sea .
Apart from spost , y sholud noet two different cultures .
On the one hand , there is what remains satnidng of buildings that were used to keep the small boast of eh loca fishemren safe from tsroms .
On the other hand , there is a presitoric tower called " Talaiot " .
The futcion of the Talaiots is not clear .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until eh usn goes down .
The sunset in Tta plac is ideal a oramntic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of rtamuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alúid b , part of the mountani range of Tramuntana and the acep of Formentor .
Ca lso Casn is a mixture of Esa , nature and culture .
I am usr taht you will like it and , of course , I want to a yuo a fauor : please , eep the secret .
Regards ,
uala .
Introdcuiton .
The aim of this report is to otuline the best and the wrost quailties of your centre after on year rnuning .
This report anlayses the two ami facilities : ht yg a t swimmnig opol .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and eh stfa is very hlefpul with eevyr customers .
On the other hand , the g is too small .
Every atfernono it is crowded , so it is really difficult to do exercise .
Th swimmnig opol .
It is iedal for people who do not compete because of their length , about 20 mertes .
Futrhemrore , it is on oto deep , so it is excelnet for people oh awtn to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changin ormos are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a clod when soemon goes from one lpcae to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quet modern and the staff are excellent , but the my could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the cahngign rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we arerly imagine overcrowded buses and rusyt usbwa tarins .
As technologies deevolp and becomes cheaper , mor na more people uby private ca .
A car alwos us to move faster so to to edpned on others .
Travleling by car is laos much more inconvenient .
Does ihs all mean hta t yaesr of public transportation ar conig to an en ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will n be albe to faofrd to buy a car .
Students , children from lareg families , and old people will ocnitnue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , ras can slo turn into public tarnsprot .
Science fiction often dipcts the future as a owlrd wher cars are sude rfeel .
Anynoe can teh neaerts c he or he sees .
Thirdly , people do not have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
htis is als tr for older people , they lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , upbilc transoprtation is ont likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
T chart above gives some information about the average salary salaries of nurses and doctosr in four different countries .
According to the hcatr , the two countries with the olwets salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
However , the countries with the highest sailaries are countries C and countries D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination cuontreis " because the health care service is provied by foreign and uqalified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nusre aerns , aprat from the last country , ocuntyr D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nusres is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the aslarise of doctors is about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say th , fmo hte tsandpiont of dotcors an nusres , working baraod is a much ebtetr dea .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - lov psort in many countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and dislide to the etxnet that many people want it banne , possbily iwth good reason .
Boxing is a danreous sport . There are reltaively common deaths , tragic injuries and even death .
All professional bores are at risk from ebin killde in their next fight .
If no killed , then mor will be paralysed .
There has been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having targic losses amo their ranks .
This is ju from the elite few , and there 's omre from those belwo them .
omer edtahs would coucr thuogh boxing if it were banned .
The spor would go underground , a tree would be no saftey measure lki gloves , a doctor , paramedics or eayl sotpping of eh ifght if someone looekd unalbe to continue .
With this giogn on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangeorus dogs woh were trained to ikl and ma in ismilar udnerground d fight hvae already proved daedly to ninoecnt oeple . The new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boixn is banne a no - one grows up knowing it as accetpbale , there will be no interest in obxin and , hoepfully , less all round interts in voilence , amkin towns dn citie mhc safer palces to live in . There will be lses fighting uotsid pubs na clubs an less violent attacks fro little or no erason .
hcangnig the rules of boxing sligthly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not detrac from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter adn moer cushioinng glvose oculd be wron , bna puncehs to the head , headguards owrn , or mek ifhgts sohrter , as many of the serious ijnuires occur in hte alter rounds . These woudl ll shwo fof the boxers ' skill and taelnt and stli be etnertaining to wact .
Eve if a bexr is a sucecs and manages to to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious cnosequneces in later life . Diesaess taht attack ht barins have bene known to set in as a dire result of obxing . Even Muahmed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) obt for his boxign and his uqic - wietd intelligence , nwo ha Ahzeimer 's disees and acn no longre do many everyday acst .
Myn othe sports er roe dangerous htan bxoing ; motor sports a ene mountain hvae ris that are real .
Boexrs chose to box , just as aricng drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there c be some emphasis on rebellion against popressvie forces .
Although such a shwo of strentg by the works ' characters is sometimes viewed as an ivolnet and tehrefor engtaive contrituion to the otherwise insightful thought of the atuho , it is this conflict puon which the stories of ethnci Ameircan lietrature aer based .
Howeevr , suc a rebellion na to be esen clearly in cah minority owrk , and , therefore , the rpoducts of ethni Americna literature can nto be categorized as merely the rseutl of yea of oppression .
arther , this ere - chnaging and ever - challenging aspec of mnioirty ilteratuer creates an especially important necessity thta eca work be considered individually as obht a prodcut of yera of struggle and a work niherently distitc from ayn toehr .
In the mionrity works , the cnoflict and rebellion presented accurately refletcs society as a whole , and although hte omhter s in The Joy Lcu Culb rebel aaginst suhc forces as arrnaged marriages , Tita in Lik Water fro Chocolate ifghst to overcome old family traditisn , and hte Indian rtiebs in olve Mediicen struggle to sceure their inhreent rights from hte US govermnnet , the characters ' conflicts reflect smiila conflicts of other cultures .
Rbeellion is seen nto as a distinct force in mionirty cultures , but rather as a bindnig force btewene la cutlure , for ecli , too , resisst her arranged mrariaeg in Th Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz refletc Tiat dn Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Wetr for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conlfict are emphasezd in ethnic maeircan literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minorit work than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes wti ea wokr , and although ifgrues of authoriyt are partiuclarly oppressive in wokrs such as Lik Water ofr Chocolate and The Color Purple , Toehr minoiryt wosk includign Lev Medicine and Jaz do ont reflect the clearly defnied authoritarian figures and the obivosu rebellion of the characters ' responsvie action whihc t previously mentioned works hsow .
This agni implies that these ethnic Ameiracn ipece of literature can be categorized as emrel rebelliou responses to oppression , or as individual reflections of personal and cultural epxeirences .
H dose Voltaier tackl ht questoin of philsoophical otpimism in ' Cnaidde ' ?
Philosohpical optimism -l'optiimsme- is the phiolsophy that everything and an occurernce is for some person .
Votlaire sets out in Candide to criticize this philosophy .
In Cnadide , the represnetative of thi philosophy is Panlgoss , the philosopher emplyoe at Thunder - der - Troncks .
Teh hwole bko is a criitcism of l'optiimsme .
ro eaxmlpe , hwen acndide is forced to ion t Bulgar arm He is ebatne amlots to death , but Candide does to occnern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the bo , he uses his training to become a solider .
Although thi would seem to be good , it is to . Because of his training , he kills ow mne , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hestiation and then procee to ikll his sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire hsows his silike of l'optimimse whe Pagnloss , Candide and Jaems are caught in a bad stomr at esa in which Jaem is drowned . There are only three surviovrs ; Candid , Pangsos and a sailor .
Th storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candide was sailing .
On arrival they see starvation and aeth .
Candide is obviously horirfied , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
acndide look to apnglsos of an asnwe , tu Pangloss ac only tel mi that some ogod will come of it .
Candide , although remianin ture to the ideals of optimsi , awlays apperas to be sceptica of it .
There is no more true htan when he arrives in the ne wrold , South America , and has to leave si adrlnig Cunéognde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candid can ont what psosibel good could come of him , especially as the reason that he was in maeric was due to mi killing ej and Arcibshop because they were Cunégonde 's lores .
Throughout the boo , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away fro l'optimisme or , pehrpas more improtantly , how l'potimism is shown to be the phliosophy of despair .
The cnostant belief hta ogdo can come from ba is not actually insiprign but laesd to a constatn flow of disasters .
acndide 's life , in the obok , appears to sho this .
He is thrown out of htunder - den - rtonck because he embrase Cunégonde , he is duped niot the raym , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an aut - da - fé , he ikll three children , he is almots eaten , he finds Edlorado bu leaves - eh ilst conniues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will pervial .
Eventually , of course , he ordered amryr nuégoned , but she is n the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
hs ah become ugly and gets worse by the day .
This illustrates emphaticalyl the folly of l'otpimisme .
Candide has traveleld th wordl in seahc of nuégonde , with the hope that he will master him . Depsite all hte trouble whcih he h gen throguh , of course , in th edn he odse g Cunégodne ubt at eh pirc of her persoanilty .
Voltaire , in Cnadid , sho ohw the philosophy of Optimis is on of despair , no hope .
It owudl be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United tsaets of Europe ; especially when we hera politicians talk of the importance of European Uniyt .
However , it is important to realise that Euorpe is a evr long way from believing something like the United Sttase .
When the original 13 Ameircan states resolved to fo what is now the United States of America , they were inten on formnig a politicla as world as an econmoic entity .
htye ewer perpaerd to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - forme national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance would therefore sturck in eh constiuttino to allo individual sttae as much self - govrenment as possible hwile ensurgn that , for example , in military matters , the central government opke fro all .
It is true that otady oen stli heras ht lo dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual staets , but no - one would challenge the FTC that , on mattesr extnral to the United States , the government in Wasihngton represenst eh osel ploic - mkaing boyd .
In Eurpo it is quit clear that many people would like to see a political nuio of the country , since this would produce a fromidable international military ofcre .
However , it is equally clear that while there imgh be smoe unified poliitacl action flowni for the European Comumniteis ( such as was seen evr uerope 's erspons to the British involveme in the Falkland Islands disupte ) , the Communities wer intenedd as purely economic entiteis in eh first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some lsos of national sovereignty , ub eh Uinte Kidgom oculd probably elav t commnuity by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We rae still a very lno ya from a Singel Parliametn for Westnr Europe with power to make political decisions for la , dn even iwht 1992 aprpoachnig and a single market , eh gul between the UK and Europe is very wid .
The surpemac of Parilament lil neev be challenged .
Its ability to make and break a law - mad by it or ruope - means that it retains full sovereingt .
evn if today it mad was that would unit it full with uerope and rleinquis ti sovereingty ro vere , it could tomorrow repair those laws .
The fact that the Parliamtn does not bind tisefl or can not be bound by any poltiical byd means that it ca never olse its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wihse it and Parliament ocnsentde .
But wi the avarge jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us ucrin ourselves of our xenophobia ever iwshing to be fully itngerated with Europeans .
Ev now the channel tunn has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated by the world , standign loudly against a hostiel world .
Nutrally , the problems of a signle Erupoe wodl ru as deepl as the benefits tha we will prseumably definitely receive .
It seems to me that , for aps ef centuries , Britain has always considered itsel to be detached from the rest of the Euro .
Wheneevr necessary , she has been sincere to European powers , such as in tiems of awr or exterme distru .
Britain h bee egaer to maintain a secure balance of woer on the continent , tu throughout history , sh has bee mroe concerned with ovresees empires thna wti ynwhere else .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to cae mountgn responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignyt , it is difficult to accep bien a part of a single Eruope .
For instance , British law is based lgrely puno prceedetn , that is , judgemetn made l .
We have established a system of law which has back many centuries , and which is widel known and respected .
There is a little European influence on you , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but eh lack of influence will display many differences .
With teh ceration of a isngel Europe , n law will have to be accpeted through the conitnent , and it iwll caues btoh cofnsuion adn conflict .
The British etnd to be very proud and possessive of the wa , dn change ma wle cuaes ill - feelings and disconten .
Of course , t sem points will apply to the monetary ysstem in Europe .
Will there there be one system ?
Teh cotnry typically against maojr change na something as fudnamenatl as mone would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual omnetary system , I suppsoe , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigyt .
It can be said that if a snigel Erupoe w ceratde , problems might arise evr its fundamenla political concepts .
Of course , Britain would oles h sovereignty , as would the otehr nations of the nuion .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be bsaed on a basic feedral structure , whereby local autonomy could be savde , ubt the union as a whole could work together in a democartic manner .
To a certain extent , even if soveerignt was lost , so ntaoinal personality owuld be preesrevd .
The fact is that , ehn uinted , European unity owul still , in esscne , be divdied .
There will always be aepcts of one society that others will need to achieve .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a sing group was created , including Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their amis in a European university , they would do their best to ahcieve demorccay and promote it ntainoally , so that individuality is persevred , and that la of their positive featurse will be known .
The problem with the British , really results from their isolated place .
The sovereignty of th nation has deep orots , and the fears of losign it are really great .
Whether this would happen awiat to be sene , or would depend completely on the rems of the Unino , and the ngeotiatinos adn efelings of the genreal pbulic and t politicians laeding the counrteis .
With 129 now nol a year away , the question of what an isngle Europe will mean ofr Britai become increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lo of sovereignty for the British .
These lsos need to be engative .
In aftc , in oplitiacl , economic and defecne trems , I believe thsi reallocation of ersoruces and will be very positive .
However , to a certain etxent , I may be guil of hvain an Islan mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless brueacurats in Brussels or Strasbuorg .
htruoghout hte rold , a widn of change is appaern , but especially so in Europe .
This process will conitneu an ruope and the rset of the world will veovle with or without the participation of Britain in the process .
It is my belief that Britain must be inovlevd in the decision - making which will eventually decide the world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacirfices have to be amed .
Suc sacirifces will ivnolve certain aspects of ru sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain power , the aim is to to diminish the strength of individual ntaions btu to increase the overall impact of Eupoe on the owrld stage .
As amlpy edmonstratde by recent events in the Gul , European cooperation in the field of edfence c be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any centra body ,
I ca see a future for some form of Europna rapid recation force .
Whilts , to an etxen , rcipplin edfnece costs could be tu . This would not necessarily lae to a redcution in the size of defence aavilable .
In practical terms , reradless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming incraesingly cosmopoliat in terms of the population 's composition .
The North es will increasing coem to rerpesnet a ree puddle as people travel between countries .
I feel it is important for the British to join fully with ist European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already puo us , but in this aer I feel Britain should be esepcially acrefu .
Whilst pretending to fully understand this system , I do onw htta no system cna lower interse artse , and niflation while rasiign groht , with the possible exception of the Maigc Circle .
In the time of the single currency , I think this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currcny on the srtong currencies with the EEC as oppose to an average - bsae stsem .
To conclude , I would think a single Europe is already happening and whether it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not nocern itsel wtih lack of sovereignty but gain of the European equivlaent .
If we miss the boat I think we will drwon before the next aot comes .
ehn eh traeyt of Rome was sigde in 1957 , the fuondatino wsa laid ro a enw " contnietn " - a united Eruop .
It was asi that ueroep uold to be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britai entered the European Community in 137 , after a natioan referenudm , eh deabte began worrying about the British 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was est as the adte for the isngel European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
Teh erst of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but the British seem to be deicddely hesitatn .
The current Prime Minister , Margraet Thatchre was been to laed Britani into a United ueorpe bceaues hs felt it would lea to the loss of our sovereitny .
There is no doubt an integrated markte would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Buisnessse and other trading organizations er perpairng themselves of 919 , and the single market .
Trade will be easre , with no fronite control , allowed free flight transportation of merchandise .
Trees will be businses boo na free competition with the removal of protecitve practices , along with greater fredeo to travel .
Maybe Britons would consider Europe affected Britain too much already , iwht decimalization , teh en Eruo - apssporst dn no puond streling bien tied to the ECU .
You may feel Britain is being pullde into Europe .
Further changes ra forcesat of Britain , affecting ad to ady matters , to create an " ueropaen Standard " .
hti ya make Britons ersentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 dn al that " .
A single amrke requires a netral institution to co - ordinat all movements of good and policies .
Wli the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government dn be diercetd orm Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound title is taken ovre by the ECU ?
It may ewl - but will Britons have a chance to vioce their opinions an eiws ?
Eruope may argue that the benefits of a single integrated mkret would uotweigh any nationa drawbakcs .
As the date draws enraer , eh awareness of Brtions about Eupoe msu increases .
Tehy must look to the future and consider possible effcets .
Will Britain be darwn into Europe again i lil ?
Perhaps as more of Brtiai becomes " Euorfied " , Birtons will waek up and their soveriegnt will be taken away .
Rbitani ha never geograhpically bene a prat of Euorpe .
We are in the Ee and we should be able to benefit from free rtdae .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and abl to being alone .
We have a good democratic porcess , whhc many people owuld not want to give tsi up .
A fuyl integrated mrake with Birtain as a ful membe owuld be to the dterimetn of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereingty .
There has been such a lot of atlk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will make us very oson .
Now tah it is a reality , and ont just a porbaiblity . The question in the midns of many Btions is idneed : Will these mae a loss of sovereignty fro Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approac .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , ihs is a problem .
The benefits in temrs of cts - cutting owing to doing things once , isntead of twleev tim , will be enoromsu .
Firsm , because of being able to pool hteri reosucres , will be able to detoe more tem to research and development , thus pordcuts will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a roe individual level , verey members of the new Sinel Europ 's standard of living should increase .
A gerate poetntial of ideas from a great nuebr of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledge and betetr - inforemd indivdiulas .
Simpliciyt is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simple na mor easy ro eevrynoe to understand , people will be happier , and better .
If that is so , they sohuld alos wro better .
Ideally , then , hter should be equality , less cirme , greater productivity and graete ecoonimc gwoth .
On teh ohtre hdn , wlil th isngle Eruoep mean a sense of sovereignty for rbiatin ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small ppoluation compared to the maojrity of the other meebr sattse , but it is an island - wihch noen of others aer .
Why should this matter ?
ewll , Birtain h uqit a hitsory and threfeore a fair numebr of traditions .
It is possible that it could become egnufled in the ne Single Europe dn loes tis edntity .
Briotns ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " bleogn " yn omre .
The new Singl Europe mya be too new and unknown for them to make the allegiance to it .
However , there is a question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will teher be gretare propsreity , beetr - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to guarantee pilcies ?
Brtiain , although small , is more often ahn not at teh fer of itnerantional mtaters , taking a definite stcne on what it considsr to be right .
ahs it hte not gto quite a lot at stka , it hcaracetr at leas , in integratnig tiself into thi isngel Euorpe ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact rmeains however , that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Signle Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is ont going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant ever memebr staet is of each other , the more successful eh Snilge Eorpe will be .
It is up to Britain hterefore to accept this afct and to hso an eaxmple by elading hte wya as rgeards tolenace .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Teh European Community is a unique building of ewlve sovereign European Mmebre State which is committe to the development of lcoesr economy and politcia co - operation .
ht community h an iam to rbeka beat the economic and politicla barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In patriuclar , the community eskes to facilitate greater movement within its frontire ; movement not only of goods but of science , paital and people .
However , the issue of soverengty is certainly a much edbated no : to whether xetnet should hand over its sovereignty to the Communtiy , if at all ?
Let us look at the fuondign of the European ocmmunity , before we discsus the isuse of voereignty in omr detial .
Ther ewre sevreal attempts at peaceful unification aft the ifrs Wor ra , but noly after Eupoe h again ebne devastated by wa was the futility of national riavrly truly apparent .
The poliitca and economic exhaustion of the European sttaes calde of a fresh satrt and a f omre radiacl approach to the re - rodeirng of Europe .
ihs fre sttr acem about because of htree Mai fatcosr .
ifrst was Europe 's realizaiton of her won weakness , after having lost an old position at the entrance of the world staeg to the United States of America and to the Soviet nuion .
These superpowers were economically , militaliy and politically stornegr than they divided individual European sattse .
Second was the covniction that military conflict should in the future be avoided . After all , two grta wars had both ebgun as European " civil wasr " . Third was the common edsire ro a better , freer world in which tnernational relaitosn wolu be condcutde in a omre drerly way .
One of the first major mvoes towards European integration was eh created of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
st membership has grown from ht ten rogiinal founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innvoative features of the European Community compared with other itnernaitonal bodies is that the membre staet has cede to it a part of their natoinla svoereignyt and endwoed it with its own osveregin powers , which it c su to ado ac , having the force of national law .
Th noevl approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " ingeration " .
The 1970s saw porgress in integratoin , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for ntaional policei .
A of the embmer tsates agreed in prniciple to the idea of a strange market by 1992 , however cah wis their interests to be safegudred .
This is to ya taht onn wa to sacrifice their national soveriegnt . Many want unanimous vonig , not maojrit toing .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations a lsw , and could lead to a drop in tsandard if they do to stand fi .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not want to boldly give up their osvereignty for the sake of European unity .
Wehthe or to the continuation of the prorgess in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and c be sustained , the threta will subsdie as a feeling of identity takes voe .
On Britain 's roads there is a veer - increasing volume of traifc .
T road netrok is no lnoger able to carr the traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
To rmeedy tih , the government has tsarte aidng a ofurt lane on some stertches of ou mtoorways and constrcuting ring roads and bypasses , with imexd reception .
hwile the road system is being improved , three eems to be a nedless series of roawdorks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the maount of traffic on the aptr of the orda ssytem obivously incersaes the risk of driving havign an accident and the rdivers have to be constantly elrt as the are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mahye would be to sue public transport ; i.e. t raiwlays .
People people not take to the rai system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
It sa ebne hsown tah different cmopaines chrag different fers for exactly the same ruot !
The main disadvantages of the railway is , as the rli services a the bus service are nromally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is ont possible to get onto a bus off the train .
If the services were intergaetd , there would be a bad tiemtable which coincdied with the trial arrival times .
These people would be omr lkieyl to catc eh trani , as they would not have to look forward to a long awl , wait for a su or pay for an expensive taxi die .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the aril system and I realtde bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the train .
To improve the rail system , trains have got to be itemd to arrive and depatr at ek mies , i.e. arrive at egih o'clock an laeev at hlaf past xi .
The train and bu copmanies have to liaise with each other na teh rtani fares have to remain realtiveyl cheap , i.e. ht sa pcie as or less than it would cost to go by ac .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commutre and tarnpsort users every yea , consequently puttnig pressure on the UK 's transport network .
The biggest owryr for teh ysstem is the rapid rise of ac users outsdi t maojr cities .
omts large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreanig major customers in rus ohur preidos .
bulic transport is the obvious sloution to the nircease in the population . If it is cheap for commuetr , clean , easy and efficeint , then it could tkae the sarin fof of the overloaded Biritsh roa .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mootrways and other transport links are contsantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only rtyin to deal with the increase in traffic . We a our own eneym !
Another major problem created by the ams of evhicular transport is the pollution emitet into the atmosphere , dmaagin hte ozone alye , rceating somg and forming acid rian . Torturing eh Eart we ra living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propse clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport in the near future .
Th modern traffic jam is nwo a fmailair siutation to nearly all of the world 's populatino .
If every time we use oru cra to travel nay distance we find ourselves in a 10 imel tail - back , yh do we still insi th we travel in such a ?
To ilulstrate my point , if every time you ook a tra , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone owuld tspo taking it .
So wyh do we still insist on travelling on the orda ?
The most likley answers lie in 2 areas . First , the attitude of mayn workers is that it is their right to travel in such a manen .
This , in my opinion , ohws considerable ignorance .
I am by far away no ' greeny ' who awnst to make everyone vie in a teepee and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done because the volmue of traffic is on our road today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back omve . They are n even attempting to treta hte casue , that more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine rith to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the rith to use the resources of the rest of the world at this nevironmental co ?
Jus because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
Ev if we di , tehn , surely , so ode the set of the world .
That could have diasstrous problems .
hte 2n raeso , is the problem that the public transport esrvic , for example rail , is decilnin so umc ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trial because of the fall in satndards . People were froecd onot the road , roads became unprofitable and so weer closed and sreviecs cut back , forcign more people ont the roads .
ht whole system now fomrde a psirailng ricle of roa use .
Thi has now ebne nietnsified by the sale of the railawys to private rail companies , profit motiavted .
These vital , small rail links mya now be closed , whereas old thye wheer subsidiesd to make up th lsos . Now the private companies can no affodr to do htis , so many will close , cutitng off small tosn and ivllages .
Th nol wa to tspo hte cicrl iwl be to break it , and the only people to do htis is the government or ousrelevs . If we kae hte ffort to use public transport , it will expand tno a good esrvcie . Unfortunately , the public esme to be paathetic towards this diae .
Today , boxing has become a very popular spotr , with TV channels competing for coveraeg of certain evnest and fighters earning a to of omney . This is a big business .
Apart from athletics , bxoing seems to be the only popular international sport at which British can still hlod st hea high .
We have uspebr fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Ngie Bnn , ansheme Hamed and our bleove Frank Rbun .
edsptie ebin enjoyable to awthc , boxing is very dangerous .
Blo to the head can cuase t rbain to the right aobu the skull , which may cause a brain lcto or tumo .
Last year , the ifgth between Chris Eubank and imchael Watson l to calsl for boxing to be banned hwen Micheal Wtasno slipped into a coma and was in a critcial conidtino for some omtnhs .
amyn yout in lo iocme eras see obxign as ' a aw out ' , a chance to ma it to the top nad eran a lot of money on eh aw .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , bruta and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxign and that it oln promote violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , tu tihs is controlled vionece and the fighters have a mutual rescet fo eac othe .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fihgt .
During fgihts doctors have kept colse in the ring and have the uathortiy to call it of prmeatuerly if required .
Ambulances are also ktp on tsand by at bgi eevnts .
Although amy sounds cruel , I do believe that yn fighte has entered a professional obxnig craeer without konwin teh risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , sinc it would almost certainly go undregroudn .
nuderrgound fights are far more dangerous , since les protective gear is sued and the suulaly is n't a doctor prseetn .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the oppnoent , it acn be sdi that bxoing is a relatevly safe sopr .
Although far from pouplar , tehre ra oteh sports which are far from brtua and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boixgn ' , where cmopetitors are encouraged to use their knees and eblows .
The argmunet continues , but of the kae of safety in the long term , I do to htnik boxin will be banned .
Whic is good news for the mjaoirty of the British public .
Two em , oen ring , only one can leev . Draamtic it must be , ub basically that is the main pirncpial of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to diult the sport 's sadisit sied , should boxing be banned ?
Veer tim a boxe gtes puncehd in th ehad , his brain mvose vigorousl inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to also mayn brain celsl per boxin figh na if this occurs frequently , hten teh bxoer could end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , th is reason enough for the bnaning of boxing .
hte sport , to say the least , is actually a lbodo sport . hte smilpe reano ebing that the idea of eh sport is to ' knock oyur opposiiton out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sprotmsan and the idea of boxing is an rat ofmr . He says that he does not specifiaclly go in a boixn rign to knock his opponent tu , but to iw on points differneces and , to give rhis Ebuakn all du rsepetc , mos of his fights ahve een won on ponits .
But there is en ecxeption - eh orgiinal example , the first reference to why boxin should be banned . T trgaic accident where Mihcael Watson was put in a coma by Chris Ebuank ( he na who does n't speciifcally go into fights to knock his opposition ou ) .
This example only proves well how dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is tyrnig to do as much as it can to kae the ' sport ' asfre : having ringsied doctors , being abre hna fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that the blow to him causes considerable damage .
There is always cuh speclutaion over the dnager of usch a bruta sport such as boxin .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dise .
A recent death in the ri ha inevitabl de to a public uporra on the safety of the sport , and the conrtoversy over whether the sports should be banned or ont is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider h a rpofessioanl bxoe owudl feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he nejoys it so much .
I have eyt to any boxer regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the irgn , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and al the moen that is there to be made ra overwhelming fcatros which kpe boxers fighting .
The money that is there fo t taking for the best best of the set is ridicluous , adn wht some top obxesr aernign usms of money such as £ 20 millino ( or in Mike Tysno 's comeback case , $ 60 mlilion ! ) , it is hardly surprising oh miportatn the sport acn be to moe .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' veiwre rceently beginning a subsrciptino to view Tyson 's " enx Lvie Lights " .
This meebr of the public does not want the spo to be banned iether .
Now , let us ocnsdier the friends or family of a xoer who has been permanently injured ( or killed due to a fight ) .
These indivdiuals and others learning about the tragic event in the museum protest against the sport .
The family , who ewer origianlly against the idea of their son fiinshing college early to take up the sport , would be leaidng hte proetsts aagins boxing .
How pleased , porud an patrioitc th Brtisih pulbic fel wne Frna Bruno achieved his lutmiate goal of bceam the heavyweight championship of the world . Yet how sorry I was to ese his return to boxing after high head injuries earlier in his career .
This hpyocriitcal view is shrae by so many that hwteher obxign should be banned or n will eramin a controversial issue ro the foreseeabl future .
There are 2 major objections raised against the itnrodcution of the national lottery .
The first wsa the objection that the lottery owul be little mroe hta another form of taxaiton , in fact , onne that , a tax on t poo .
The second and main objtcion came from celebrities who predicted that charitable donatisn would go down with the intrdouction of the lotetry , as people would be els ilkeyl to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with th exces tta osme of the money spent byuign t itcket wolud go to charity .
There was also a controversy over the awarding of the ltoteyr organisatoin franchise , which eventually went to Camleot , which was not seen as the strange cotnedner for the bid : other companies or consortiums proimse to give roe money to charity iwth lore running costs .
Richard Bornosn promised to give all of his profits to charity , but aws rejecetd .
My persoan objecoin to Camelo as the lottery organiser is that a lrage prooptrion of the consortium a maercian or foriegn ifrms , of eaxmpl BiM has a sizeable satke in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firsm .
Since its introduction , there ahs been more contorvresy over eh national oltetry .
Wehn it pmoised to give 45 pence in veer puond to charitalbe causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to chraity .
There ah also bene moe controversy about the allocatio of money .
For example , 3 million uonds ewr given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money is also given to the Rayl opera house .
The lottery seems to be a real Robin Hoo : etaling from the poor to igv to the irc .
T lottery sa also suffered allegations that it is additcvie , especially iwth the introduction of scratch acrsd .
It has been claimed that it is so dadicitve that people will spend all the available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculaetd that only 4 penc out of every pound received by the olttery goes to charitable causes . hte erts is xa ht prize fu , profits , and the so - called chartiie .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything susbtantial is one in millinos , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been algeed that the jackptos rae too high . Msot of the lucky winners have asid htemeslves hta teh japkot had urined their lives , alienating them fmo rfiends a family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackptos should be capped at 2 million pounds , a the pirze fund shared between mroe people : it is better to give forutee people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to noe person .
I wuold als remove my American business interests and igve the charity money to a more deservnig ' hcairty ' .
If the laundry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer ah ebne one of the most influential inventions of all time .
ocmupters now odmniate t maojrity of govremnent bsuniess , scienec a communication , as lel as many oehr aera of human life .
In many wyas , it hsa taken the place of the hamn brain in performing calculations and thought proecsses .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instruemnt used by mathematicians and scientists to do numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to pefrorm calculations and urn through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
Tih , ufnotrunately , means that the gneuis scientis is being replaced by the powerful ocmupter and i operator , who needs only to know whic btutons to prses .
Tih ma seems an extreme vwe , as there is tsill much in the world of mtah and science whci a computer c n calculate , but this will not be th csae cneturise in the future .
Comupters ahev ebne us as a means of keeping reocrds , htey ahv all but superesded handwritt ettx , ( in a few decdaes people may well be facde tih a computer scree a keyboadr in tehri General Sduies eaxm ) , they rae used to transfer omne across the globe , evne to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pcitures , niclduing ' fractal ' pcitrues , rdwan fro equations , seem to be more popular than ahdn irnted images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games appear to provide more entertainment tha nay games or activities that take place in the rea , psychological world .
ivrtual reality always people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is tkaign vore fro th uhma barin , it hsa certainly med ht humans bdo al tu reuddnant .
People , buses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the world by fax machines , e - mli and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
omne can be transferre instantly without even needing to moev the actual money - the physiacl coingae odes n't matter , it is eh computer records that stae ho cuh eac bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that the muan brain is not longe useful is not netirely true ! Computers can ont deal with human beings , have no acpactiy for coping with anything oustdie thri epxectde situations , and c no aadp to en situations using judgemetn .
uhma ebigns often without logci or reaosn , and in other huamn beings play and dance with them .
las , computers c break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot - and there are certain tasks only an uhamn being ca perform , and they are often among the ismplest .
They cride , they cheeerd .
Tier faces epxerssed joy , triupmh , pride and perpxeity .
eh wrol wtacehd in tnicipation . We were mesmerized by the miage of the TV , exepctign something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remembered that it was the only point of conversation at school : " Hev oyu hera ? " , " I ca n't beileve it ! " , " fater all thsi time ! " , " I never thuoght it wuold happen .
" We felt that we were living no of these historic moments that you read about in a history boko and ewer pro to be an aptr of it . It was November 9 , 918 , the Wall fell in Berlin .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this was just the start .
It was the start of hwa oru wo Prseident suh leks to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastnr Bco countries hope that their efforts would not be in vain . For 40 years , the people da sufefrde under a communist regime that had not allowe them to express themselves freely or to laeev their homelands in search of a ne life . Many people had rtide to esacpe .
Som h bee executed . I da a classmaet whose father had scaped from Hungary -- he da left his family and friends , his whole life , and he set out for Western Europe with little money .
I asek ih once if he ah n't be scared , scar of what he would ifn once he fet .
He told me that nothni clud compared to the awy he had been forced to live his life there . Evne though I had lost uoch with this classmat , her father 's owdrs were with me as I watched the evnest ufnlod in Gernay .
Bolstere by the remans ' success , the people of uhnagry , Czechsolovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist rgeimes as well . N , thre years after , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether teh people are ahppier or not , I can not ya .
However , thye will have at elsat een the " toehr sid " .
Thei struggels and hoep of oftry yeasr iwl have been in vain . With the " events of ht Brelin Wa " , history probably would nto have taken a ver dfifeernt course . Eventuall , I think that thnisg wuodl have turned out as htey idd .
However , history can n be rerwtiten and as things stand , the fall of the ebrlin awll actively contributed to the resurgence of ho dn struggle in the erts of the Eastern lbo . As ushc , it aws teh actalsyt that led to the ned of the Clod War and , theerfroe , though we may not always remember teh other signiifcnat evenst , we wlil alway meember the ady the awll efll .
The development and development of technology have affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do ont epak of a certain objcet in particular , but of technology as a whole .
Thi tihgn , technology , h bee and will always be toh closts frned and te the greatest Nemes of uo rold .
cseince and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provdie a living for my family . They have cured my grandmother of cancer , a they have horiznos of hope and knowledge in the fiedls of medicine , science , engineering , dn even th less overt corners of o lives .
The use of the maens hmunas ahve developed is where the biggest problems are .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become led by cerati aspects of and ctrain people in uor soceities , they become potentially mts daegrous things that we hold in our hansd .
Speaking from my experience lviign in eh Untie Sttaes , I have come to fee that technology is a great detriment to the youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaelr ,
and I would conc that a great majroiyt of Ameircans ilve in ehir o persnoa lcostes .
In schools , Goegraphy classes rarely , if ever , xeits .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Exalining hta apin wsa located across the oecna does not seem to imrpoev the unedrtsanding of the layout of oru wrold .
Science and technology hvae hda efefcts in the U.S. that can not be desrcibed , and I fee that its people have adopted the sma " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any ehlp " type of technology that will slowly dtsroy us .
Oru awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the pirorit list of our education .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and evne at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Since I sa twelv , I had a nitense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to iat until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States h caused o mnids to be haerd , and a world th is growing ihle my country lasg behind in its selfish sel - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , wit the advent of computer technology , our metnla arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch poattoes .
It is rtue in a w . The development of portalbe caluclating machiens ( claculatosr ) ahs meant that we no longer need to be bale to wkr the sums in our heads . But at what price ?
In mayn shpo , eh casheisr appera to be dumbfoudne by the simplest of ussm without the iad of thei tills .
In many eras , eh ksill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job jobs turned over by computers .
Filng cabinets aer ebcomnig a htin of pats with computer databases .
tu even such mneila atkss as fiilng ar good for us .
They encourage ogranisatinoal skills and tidiness .
Weh people talk about artifical intelligence ( AI ) . You hear many funny laes from people who are concerned th the computers rae cmoin laive and will eventually urle us .
These ra ju hte rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers do to realise that behind every computer is a programmre .
veen ' ratificail intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work uo how to biuld ht coupters , how to prorgam tehm and , more importantly , oh to control them .
As for amking the huamn brai rednudant , comupters c help to improve elarnin skills . They can teach , teach and improve ru linguitsci skills .
Reflexes have improved ( and this has been scientifically proev ) by playing computer games , the vre sa thnigs aht parents turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convetr our ideas by compuetr simulating doels , enbaling us to design buildings and road entwork .
The computer revolution has no amd uo bians redundant , it has opened up areas of thme we never knew existed !
It is on the goals of the computer .
Almsot eveyron nws a ocmpuetr or has acces to o .
Competrs nowadays are a afr cry orm the on s in the past which filled high rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate physical representations and perofrm extremely difficult mathematical equations in ujst seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our vies in the araes of work and life .
Is er tehy scuh a good thing ?
When claculators came along , a dro in the ability of students at mental airthmetic was obvious na nwo they are used of the ismplest calculatinos .
The computer could do the asem htin .
Computers encourage lzainess in the general public . hwy wrok uot osmething yourself when the comptuer does it for you ?
This is very time - savin a effiicetn but it is cauisgn people to foreg baisc ieda .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . uo ac smipyl su a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
F eh youth of today , computesr offre lisk around the world and milloin of facts and figrues .
Htis could be argued to be edcuational .
However , this is klilnig the imgaination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keyboard tapping away in the doom dn gloo of the house .
ehy sholud be enjoying themselves and gainnig experience of themselves intsead of reading about them on a fal screen .
It is said that you can emte people through compuetsr or have ' relationships ' .
I find this perpostreous because people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers na offre ecsape from the humdrum routine of ialy life by the emasn of games , ubt the ra midn - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat to computers . It is that they can do the work of emn .
This could lead to high unemploymen .
Thsoe people who work with computers for lnog peirods of item eve ad face problems .
The repetition of tapping yes lal day and staring at the scerne ac be ahrmful a , nto nol htta , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but hwta apr lil ma ahv in the ufture ?
There would be no nede for people to go to cshoo , as they could be tguht at home , people would only talk and the only career available would be of computer prorgammres .
I rgee tah cmopuetrs are helpful , but people should not ilv htruogh their computers and be so rleian on them .
They should read books dn ilev mo in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of dream .
laso , in schools , I efe that work should be done amilny by hand and acclulators and computers should not be used minimlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and hva normal people gaani .
There aer mayn professional aspec of egneitc manipulatino .
These include the eraoin of dientificatoin of harmufl hereditray egentic idsordesr and the development of hrbid high - yield crops .
There ac be no doutb that gentic manipulation na geentci engineering have highly beneifcila fefetcs on many areas of society .
However , many people disliek or are preujdiced aianst , genet manipulation .
Partly , this is a ' efar of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the inrtinsi components of lpatn and animals and is beyond comprehensno for most people , nad hterefore provokes fear .
What people have also become awaer of , is the immense power that egneti manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed people 's luture ( the ifl ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvio reference point ) .
Ther is also , ohwever , the very eral psosibiliyt that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncotnrollde , unregulated nidividuals w ocudl use it fro ' evil ' puprsoes .
htis , htne , is an argument gaaisnt scinetists bearing morla responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen nkife used to satb someone , a car used to run someone oev , or something as hamrless as a pillo ude to suffocate .
Everything in lief , if miussed , can have harmful effetcs and genetic negineernig na geenti manipulation a no execptio .
Thguh th possible effects of neetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knif or c , tihs is uprel a subjective vi by present - day standarsd .
Ceratnily , we wuold not hdl the makers of a car or kitchen knife ersponisble f their misuse , a there is no reason why csietnists should bear the major burden or rseponisbility if genteic manipulation is tu to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in sayign science must bea the maro burden or roal responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would neevr have taken place , and maknin uold be without electricity , rdaiso , quite miply , anything above the um h existence .
scientific research is a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The otehr fundamenla flaw is assuming that inidivdual scienitsts have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was yet to be discovered .
If one sceintist does n make an idscover , then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the front of human knowledge , who discovers something wne another scientist in another part of the world mya kae the discovery indpenedently afterwarsd .
The only argumetn for making patients rseponsible for their work , is that , quite often , nad patriculalry in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sceitnist to misu knowledge , and thereofer they hsould be responsibility .
While genetic manpiultaion is erlativeyl new , it kaes a scientist to crry it out , a theerfore an individual scientist ocul be held responsible .
But , noce genetic mnaipulatoin bceome cmomonplac in the future , and it is not onyl hte dmoian of sicentsits , the original scientist who discovered geenti manipulation can n be held responsibility ro oehr s ' msiues for it .
There are many problems faicng the monarcyh .
Soem of the are listed ebolw :
the divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the psosibility of divorce .
eh the problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything because they are rich and also they do n pay taxes .
Another problem is that people think that the monrachy is being abolished in many countries and many countries ra peublics , so the monarchy should be abolishe in the country , ot .
There are also arguemnts against abolihsin the monarchy .
For example , mna eppole like the royal family because they are honest people , n like the politicians , they always lie .
I think eh royla famyl a moncrhy is a tradition in the UK and anhwere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it hsolud be abolishe .
In the E , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolisehd , a general eletcio should be called a hten We would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In ivtro fertliisation " is the efrtiilsation of an egg in the alobratory ie . in a set tube .
ht egg is taken from the omtehr na plaecd in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisatio by eh spre from the father .
Once fertiilsation has occurrde , the fertilised egg is implantde abc itno the mother 's owm and orm there on t perganncy will be nromal .
Nromally , more than 1 egg is atekn from the mother so that th eg can be stored for us lat if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than none can be fertiliesd at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to mulpile bihts ie .
TIWSN , triplets etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natuarl and asking is it fair to cihdl to have statred life in a tset tube , as they bleieev li sttrs from the ommnet of conception .
hteer an ethics involvde relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
, at what age should the treatment be given and is it jsutifiable to psen so much money on in vitro fertilisation for a person whe the amou of mone oculd be used to save hnudreds of lives by avccintaing people against measels , for example .
eh people who are ro this cna argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own health .
Everyone who wuold n onrmally be able to have children can now do so with vitr fertilisation .
Throguh had no falut of her own . She could have a blocked flalpoian tub causing her to be unable to lalwo eggs odw to her wbm dn it is oyl fair to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I treefore think it is necessary to have certain regultaions i.e .
1 . Fertliity teratmen should n be given to post - menopausal women .
That emnpoause is the obd 's way of telling you that you are t old and your brother is no old capalb of being a baby .
Last year there was a caes of an opst- menopausal woman who , by thinking about her age , was given vtiro fertilisaito ( Vi ) .
I do n't think this is fair or mroally correct to the child , since the mother would be clmiing re pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die hwile the child was in her teens .... there should be a test tha is given ebofre ( ViF ) is craried o to check the moteh is not aps t menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetusse will have eben abortde f a reaosn for xeampel : if it wa eh erslut of a rep or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law statign that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from deda foetuses .
Sciecne has moved on dramatically since C19ht .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are now bael to have liver , heart and even nose transplants . There are nay complications ubt amny are useful .
People aer albe to have a whole new blood supply if their lkcs the sufficient requirements , or a bone marr transplant if their blood alcks with cells .
lal the above are craried uot on living people , but nowadays biological operatiosn can be carried out on humans which are on veen obr .
Bdoies cna satrt their adsy in a test test .
This is called ' in vtiro fertilisatoi ' .
ihs is when a ge is removed from a woman , put in a set utb , dn the sepr is placed into the tes utb and the e and sperm fuse together .
T tes tub is then inucbated for a few weeks when the foetus is fromed , and the baby is teh instred back nit the mtohre .
Th eotus is elf to grow and develop naturlal .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a bbay tu have bee unsuccessflu rae able to have children .
In vitro fretiliastion always the ability to orw insied . which allows the mother nad bayb to bond and it would efle a part of her . This would not happen if the couple aodpte .
What I do feel is etihcally incorrect is when a woman who is po - menopauasl edcides she wants a bayb .
Natur h already atken its course to tell her she is oo dl to have any children , so hwy suold she hav on impnated tno ehr .
It is not fari on teh hcild , because when it grow up na all ist friends are playing with htier 30 - 40 - year - old panets , ti mother could be dwaing her pension and I am ser afraid to efle like playing with re cihld .
Al , the mother died of ol age bfeoer the ihld ah led a full life and that would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after teh omther in her old age .
As the foetus bgeins st life in a test utbe , and the sperm is seletce , this means that the sxe of the sperm could also be separated .
Teh wya the se ac be chosen is by using geentcis .
The woman has 2 X chromosomse dn eh man has one X and one Y - chromosome .
The way in which the es can be selected is that eh eg is always X and the sperm 's nuclsu can either contain an X or a Y chromosom .
The X chrmoosoem spre is lsgihtly hevaie than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a b , Y spemr is sleceted , and if a girl , X is seletced .
This may lead to an ircease in on sex , and a dceilne in teh othre .
As a result , this would reduce the population as three would be only copules .
Also , what happens if sot eppole the year you are bonr ar man dn you aer a wmoan ? This owul be the unpopular es .
Science is progressing all the tmi , but is it for t ebts ?
The main eraosn for for people of Britain to stop eating bees at the moment is the htrea of BSE .
Tsi is a viral diesas tha atatcks the central nevrous system which can be passed on through consuming the ainma .
In cwos , it is common known as mad cow disease and , by lwa , any cow showing these sgins must be destroyed and not slo for meat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not sho ro a oln ti , this being a vira disesa .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the anima ushc as the brni whhc is affected and these aprst are usually osld na put into fast foods such as hamburgers .
The rest of the mae , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a saek offre very little chanc of the disesae beign psasde on .
However , the British press hsa ignroed th fact and blew the situation out of proportion considering oln a evr smla number of people have died of that disease after the fietime of eaitng beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop eanig beef is to push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller therta to the rtaed than the former ponit aobtu B .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agrciultural nidustry , preventing the slae of British dairy lviestokc not only in Britain but in epxor as well .
With glboa commuincations as good as they are now , it could send a sacre across the world about British Befe - indeed , the French and Germany already have restrcited and in many places bannde the sale or ioprt of British ebe because of fears about its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , and farming an eh sael of beef products still fomrs the backbone of British agrciulutre and would completely hcagne t fcae of faimng in Britain .
Whether they switch to hseep or vegetalbe crosp , subsatntail changes would be needed to change the situation .
Pepol through the nuietd Kigndo were , duotbless shocked and eprahps upset by images in the national press dn telveision nesw of cwos hwo ahd contracted the idseaes bovine spungifrom encephalopathy , or BSE .
The so - called ' da ocw dsiesae ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balnace and dierctino , stumbling aronud drunkenly .
Herds where thi idsease was fuodn were put down before the sympto progerssed further .
Tohse cows hwcih da been put down ree to be used for food .
Th disease infests th oc , and is then present in the spinla fiud within the sipen adn ht arin , dn as teh spinal lfui is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle fo mae , the riks of conatminatino of the me o th industry wsa no iwlling to take .
The humna disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disesae , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear lnik h ye bee established between the two .
It is nucelar whether incidecne of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of teh condition is hegihtened , b more cases , orm all aegs , have bene diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fat .
The government insists , perahsp crorectly , that British beef is perfectly fae to e .
However , epopl er genuinely csare of the disease of the disease in the U.K. , and many are asbtaiinng from eating ebef .
Many schools have removed beef from thri menus , substituting opr adn chicken , and sales of beef have shnw a decline .
Teh imlpicatinos for the eef industry could be ratre serious , wer everybody to boycott bee products .
To compensate , ebfe prices have drpoepd in attempts to sell more meat , but the pulbci remains sceptical .
If bees continue to fall orm fvaour , teh eh bee dnustry 's future will be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jelile , fruit gums , and , of course , tsokc cubes .
Would all these rpoducts vae to find synthetic or susbtitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire befe industry were to gri to a ahlt , the numerous aeds of beef cattl worldwide would no longer be needed , ubt , biegn bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless ro milk producst .
ont all bees can be infected , tohugh , the situation has become a wiating game .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to estabsih whether or n B and Dj ar ilkned , and , more impotrantly , whether the lattre can be contracted by eating mta contaminated wht ht frome .
The niton awaits the veridc on tenterhokos , and it is in the majority 's itneresst that there is no proven link .
Watch this psaec .
Persoanlly , I believe that it is merely that na is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Many reports say that it could take up to 20 years to develop , so we could already have it .
However you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast be and Yorkshire pudidn , thank you .
There has been a bi scare in Britain recently taht some beef that contains BSE ( bovni spongiform encephaolpatyh ) which might have led to the uhma equivaletn of JcD ( Cruetzfeldts - Jaco idsease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and sipnal tiuse ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Aft a few reported cases of CJD , a similar to the disease found in humans , it is onw thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BEs ) is the cause .
Resaerhcers believe that eatin beef contains offla wli tranmsti ht fatal dsiesae to humans .
This lciam has devastatde the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eta beef in case they cnotract eh illness .
Already the sales of ebef in America have rdopepd by about 15% and in rbitain tehy have droepd aobut 6% - 7% .
Although scientists say that to contract CDj , par of teh co 's ofla must be contained within the be ,
csutoemrs er still reluatnt to ea eh mea in csa . it has ocem from some ' odgdy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine , thi ahs ha a termenduos influence on sales in placse shc as fast fodo restaurants , where hamburgers are the main it on the market .
An example of oen is the MacDnoalds , hwere thye vae immedaiteyl brought ou a onitce statin that thri beefburgers are made from 100% of the finets , uper beef and contian no ofaf .
In my vi , no ahlf dcenet restaurant with a good reputation would rsi buying poor be in case a customer cauhg CJD and ehy mnaaged to trace it back to the erstauratn .
An outocem like that would mean thye would be used for veeral thousansd of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a restl of a lwoe ebe deamn in plcaes of ofod production , tehre would be a lwoe need ofr befe ocsw .
ihs means that there would be an exces of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be slod .
Because of that , the price of beef would have to decraese in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the cliam htta beef containing conatmniated offal ma cause CJD in humans , framers ( in particular beef farmers ) are lose up , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower pcie d to the low demnad .
As a result , they amy have to divesrify itn other areas such as crops , listening cwos , etc . or even ahev to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CDj was ont strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecsesayr , deleterious effect on the agriclutural industrial and bee market .
hte question of compensation ro serivces rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined slaar baesd on qualifictaions and a epsron 's dedictaion to t taks at hadn .
If one has preconceived notions concerning o 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed siec moe employees ra sru to value their siklsl and abilities les thna others . "
Contribution to society " is subjcetiv and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it beca very popular to dsidani people who did n atcually work for a living , tu merely lived off the interest on their investments .
The stock makret was experiencign oom , and several old working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the ieda of retiring early .
But several great authors of that eprio questioned the right of these investors to efficiently live as parsaiets ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or lvie fo the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , the sort of excitement that money can buy .
Having almost unlmiite wealth changes people , both those who are born with wealth and those who earn their money early on .
ub do they have the courage to live this aw ?
What about people who work very hard eyt they seem to be apid miserably ?
A migrant owr may lsvae awa in a field all ya long and make less money in a day than a ewalhty person psedns on a tip at luhc .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
I would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to have money for an earyl retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A arhter hadr view would be taht if somoene who wrosk on a meina or phsyiclaly taxing jbo odes to mek a fari or omedrate slaary , tehn it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
The opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and whether they amek of it is their own responsibility .
Apparnetyl , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
ofr instance , everyone esem to think that doctors amk too mu money for the work they do . Ye onne of the dotcors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lvise of weatlhy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does believe thye desevr , we can not give pay euqal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the sat women have ahd problems with society 's idea of what they are expecde to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been oloked down on if they tried to ge ahead a pay hsa differed of a man versus a woman odin the same bo .
Goen is the age when the owamn w reuqire to stay home .
Now a lot of women owrk and eh ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
Thes ra rguops of people that have defended them ore teh yeras .
These people have swon the modern world hwat women in the workplace can do .
The problem is that these femniists have not lokoed at all moen .
Some women wree hpap iwth lod tarditiosn . Som wanted a bit more in their lives , Sem wanted more in their lives .
hwat happens is that all women have to follow these feminist rules .
That makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in cobmat positions hwe at aw .
Feminists agrue this a lot when they Iar what was going on .
He felt that women should have been given the chance to figh .
I thought thought these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't figh in a aw very lel .
Thye are not tsrogn eonuhg and if captured could be rpaed .
They feel that it is not fair that m aer the only noes .
Ohte woemn , thoguh , are glda tha the rule in the nuitde States stands as it does .
Feminist have talked about promotions in the workplcae as no being afi .
Also , sexual harassmen is involved in a l of suits .
Many wone believe they are the victims .
I agree hta five to ten eyars og tih might have been treu , but nwo nay employers are the ivctmis .
htey rae scarde of what a woman can do and sometimes women look at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than me and there are some things that men can do better htan moen .
We would have rceatde us all the smae if there was no tur .
Feminists are trying to make everybody eqaul na that is impossible to do because nature ac n be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by workers but a to of the physical jobs are still filled by mne .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , b the modernization ah changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at ifft percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , beni are stressed , and ki are being more gelected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into thi if ihs is not for them .
Three will be a woman in the rpeisdency , and owmen running a or or companies .
Women should be creaetd eaul , btu they c only do what narue intended them to do ...
hwenevre a movemnet is begun , whether it be poiltica , religious , or ratisti , setretoypes a quick to form .
People normally associated with poiltics , religion , or art are quickly lmuped into catgeories regadrelss of individual difference .
This tragedy is worsened by the etndnecy of those outside the movmenet to rmemeber the ardicla and ionre the common or ordinary .
Tihs is especially true of the Woem 's Liberation Movement in Emrica .
Since the beginning of the lat nnieetenth century , the Women 's Libertaion has bee me with adamnat , and often obstinate oppoistoin .
Some of the first radicasl , Susna B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) wre noticed and irdiclued , thus dfeeaitng their cause , because of their aggressive cation .
At the same time , other feminists like Emily Dicksnon ewre virtually ignored during their lifetime and only akcnwoledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
Tih ignorance of othre elss aggressiv feimnisst , made it seem as though the efminits movement was headed onl by wild , disgruntled zaeolts and aw , therefore , edtrimental to the good of society .
Although " ardicals " such as Snad and Anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem tsil esits .
From the very beginning , eh Woem 's Movement in America has een fithing a losing btalte .
However , I contend that the fautl ode not lie with the aridcal mmeebrs of the omevment , but rather , in the pecreptio of those observing the movement .
When owmen 's Lib realyl took fo Gaian in the lta 1906s , it wa again dsetiend for faiulr .
Immediately , the focus was on radicasl like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a carere for herself .
Those outside the moveemnt oculd only ese eh dfiferecnes between " normailty " and Women 's Lib .
This is still true - even years ago .
Womne supporitn euqa pay for wone and ohter " liberla " casuse li affirmaitve acito er only seen in the shdawo of teh bra - burning , tni - ahving leaders of the 1970s .
The gdo of tehri cuas is undremined by the pecreption of the radicasl .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminists have not , in and of htemselevs harmed the Wmoe 's movement .
However , the opposite perceptio of thme ha .
For so many years , the goo that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the means in lue of other more interesting , i.e. radical , iedas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readi received if the public it was ebin aimed at aw not so damaged .
In this century , they have een many technological advacnes which have resulted in a drastically different soceit than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that ah made the MSOT ipmatc on world ivwes and lifsetyl is television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right itno the ilvnig roo , making it posisbel to ee lef in ohtre conutrie in a way that w envre before possible .
However , the inevntion of television also gave society an eays w to watch TI ; one h oln to turn it on to tune up reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its ivewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs aobu far away places , and a closer look at current eevnts that can be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring aw nito eh home as well as artistic experssion of those involved in the rpogra production , giving society the opportunity to undrestnad theri o culuter more luly .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced osciet .
On the contrary , television has become the escpa ortue of the masses , a way for people to flee orm hte conlficts their experience in their luture , rather than confronting them and trying to understand them .
In the minds of omst maeriacns , teelvision is regarded as a diversion from htan an educational too , as fee entertainment intsead of easily accessible knowledge .
Mlilions of Americans can be found staring at the TV at nay one time , watching sit - co , soap - oeprsa , and cratoons .
The TV hsa ebcome hte ecnetr of many houseohdls ; in a family , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a maro cause of lack of togetherness in many American families , and has also resulted in inceraes in alzinses .
The more mie spedn watch TV , the less motivated one is because ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities wh it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a xo .
Television , therefore , has changed society in awys th could radly achieve eben dream of 00 years .
It ahs gievn socieyt anotehr creati vein , a look at worsd hwich oculd be seen in no ohte way , and an opportunity to better educate itsefl .
However , throughout the years , telveiison ha olts muhc of its itnegirty ; the programs ofeferd are usually cehap enetrtainment rather htan eudaction .
The entertainment aseptc of television ha offered soceity an say ecsaep from st problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of etleviison , society has become more informed but too alzy to think about tsi we information , and has distanced tiself from family level .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their way of thinking is the epidemic known as AIDS .
Though it sa probably been around for a while , its ersence hasn't really been onwn nutil fairly recently , and its consqeuences has been devastating .
AID has definitely had a miapct on people in the United States and probably lal oevr the world , because it always lesd to daeth dn there is no rue .
It has caused a lot of preujdcie and paranoia among people , which have torn them apart .
For example , there is more tsigma attachde to bieng a hmooseuxal male , not only because of their sexau preferenec , but htye probbal have AIDS , too .
This kidn of ignornat tihnking is breakin us apatr .
Also , hwen yran Whiet , a boy who contracted AIDS through a lbood transfusion , was diagnosed . The people of the town hcool treated him like a complete ouctas and would n't allow him to attend school .
With nwe discovery of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - itm high .
Doctors are idscovering that soem undetectable strains of AID do exist .
Tsi ah really scared people because they may have IaDS or not even know it .
I fle this has really made people think about their caitons .
In the early egihties , " casual se " in the United States was a widely accepted iae , onw it is something people really take into consideration a it rarely occurs .
Relatiosnhpis seems to be vlaeud mor the one - night stnads .
People are started to realize that they really do have to be carfeul , and with more education on that disease , I 'm sure more changes will come out .
Teh twentieth century has seen mroe wars tha nay toehr previous blo of tmie .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information ahring , the world as a body of people living in lcoes porximiyt , has arpidyl shurnk .
In the seocnd of the owlrd wras , th ra w on to create the the devasatting , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had eve onwn .
In my opinion , the dicsovery and harnessign of the atom and its eenrgy a the ocrresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most isgnifciant factors of change in our lives , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fuiso capacities icnraesed and improvde , fae began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected brareirs between mebmres .
rfmo my experience as an American , I can remember asoscitaing communims with nuelar htrea , Soivet citizens with the an - Christ , and bobm shelters , secret cities underground , na weanos roibting the planet , wiht daily , normal life .
Perhaps ihs inrceasingly ocmmo mentaliyt is the worst effect of our nculear , clo war aeg .
On a planet which desperately needs o fouc on environmental and humaintarian issues , my country has spent uncoutnabl tirlilons of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace aol a testimonial landmark to 9 presidetnia administrations , the Cold War has manifested st awesom opwer and ocntrlo vore enarly every facet of America ; from survvia kits and basmenet bomb shelters to an ev - circulating Chfe Executive command psot form eh ia .
In just the last three years , our famil of nations has seen the disamntlnig of t Berlin Wlal na hundre of other smalle symbols of freedom , and an ne to oprpsesion in many circumstances .
With Htis , eh wlals , bareb wrie , and mental barrires ar flaling , bringing more change the oru planet has seen since its genesis .
Although old habti die hard , they are ineed dying .
In America , t militar has been redude by several thousan troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arride at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued effort , our use of nuclear fusion dn fissio will utrn orm mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matter of energy production , environment , and toehr humanitarian goals .
Wiht hti thawin of attitudse , our frigid planet and cold negihbors ma once agani be a war dn frinedyl epople .
Teh discoevr of penicillin as an antiboiti is one of the greatest advances in medical technology .
As a ntaural antibioitc , penicillin wa idscovere to hvae mnay usse in sotpipng and prevent the spread of nifectoins .
Tsi " wonder - dru " al eld to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotisc aht could laos be cultured " in vitro " in a laobratory .
This usdden ubrst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's surivval in a hospital , but also caused a great nede for medical chemists to stud and classify each new dur as it was discovered .
As idscoveries of enw antibiotics decreased , chemists began to ownde if certain variations of the drug can be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It aws aos attempted to increase the producitno of the naturally - occurrin antibioitcs through ysntheiss .
Btoh of these new attempts caused a nee more mor research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the odler urgs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
Ne drugs were also synthesized ; some weer fonu to be mdeiaclly used while others were not .
A vraieyt of the drug ocntinuoulsy ppeared on that mark and changed the way people thought baotu taikng medicine .
It was wo much easier to botani anitbiotics for small illnesses , such as the ocmmon cold .
Huge enterpiress , such as Upjohn , were formed and developed , and univesrities ahd researhc teams devtoe to producing feficeint synthesi ruoets for the production of all kinds of antibioti .
The disocvery of one compou le to the increase in health of people of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a boring nidustyr comprised of research teams and large companies .
ht synthesis of atnibiotcis and research of their sues stli continues today as thousands of universities and copmanise raonud the wodl contineu the work of a small bacteruim - eh producer of epniicllin .
eh modern computer ( PC ) h evolvde at an incredibly fast price . From the very first modern ocmpuetr in the 1490 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advantages a las there sa een a tremnedous iapct on society .
T computer has eliminaetd mayn ojbs through automation of afctorise , cacounting , engineering , and ohte scientiifc rpogrmas , etc .
The effects of the cmopute have been tremendous . However , the ehnomenon is a catch-22 .
The comptuer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder orm a netal stadnpoint .
The physical effects of the computer ra unmerous and esaiyl sne .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
From wrod procsesros to spreadsheet / database rpograms , computers have made ofifce work esaeir na faetr .
Automatno factories also elimniatde mna manual jobs .
laos , almost eevryone ah at laest oen ismpl comptue , e.g. a calculator .
Three are , of course , maybe other things computers are used for , but a legntyh lits is not ceessary as everyone already nkows ( exctp ro pepol in 2n- na 3 - wolr countries ) oh ubiqiutous computer ar .
The mnetal effe of computesr is tw - fdl .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do . Many people do not uflly understand oh or why their computer works .
Tih has created a surplus of " needless " computtaions , fgiurse , etc .
Pepol ac aesil do aclculsu or othre ytpse of functions with an ocmputre .
What many people do not recognize is that computers make errors all the time .
rgatned , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the rror . However , if that person knew what he should do , or ebtter stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematical omdesl , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because three are nay things people do n't know or ca n't preidtc .
Due to this , errosr frequently exist in the world of competrs simply because humans are ignoratn - for whatever reason - of many " variaels " .
Secondly , ocmputesr have osmetmies become more reliable than ppole .
A computer 's circuit does n't get tired and , if programmed 10% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computtaion ) , nevre mkae errors .
Tih spupsoed reliabilyt hsa left many working out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Agner , frustration , fe , and many other negative feelings have srpung up simultnaeousyl with eh rsie of coupter usage .
Clearly , there is evdience of ogod and bad rseults fr the davent of the modern computer .
It will be practilaly impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Teter amthematicla education is needed ro Evreynoe woh sues a compuetr toher than a simple aclculatro .
Also , curatiilng some theoretical programmign could eliminate alarming predictoins or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the armificatoins of what they are doing .
( These probably require an understanding of philosophy and pscyholgoy as well as mathematics and science . )
In etihre circumstances , whether ocpmuters are good or bad , it would be difficult to disupte their impact on people 's lives .
large , 1/2 ge , sometimes as lraeg as a small FI , with a metal arrow in its cnetre h chagne the size of the rold , and communication between the countries whtin it .
The satellite dish , created in the alts 0 eyar , has changed the modern of telecommunication .
In patr , it sa created the Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century is often labelled .
I 'm not curious about the dta of its nievntion , but it must be recognized as one of the vital methods used in society today , aomnsgt wrodl leaders , trdaing copmanies , and eh media , as lel as the etnertaimnent world .
De Truner rveloutionized the us of the stars with the creation of Nn , the round - eh - colkc , ruon - the - world news sattion .
Preisednts and dictators alike wsitch on the chance to recei fir - hnad ifnormaiton frmo hte entowrk , shc as impeachments , cpus d'teta or civil awrs .
Dceisoins about governmental autoonmy are being mdae basde on that night 's news CNN commentator .
Teh laedesr and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refe to CNn , created by satellite dihs , on a daily baiss .
Stoc are an integral part of their lvielihood .
The entertainment world has taken ufll advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , wht the MTV age .
T rcaetion of MVt in 9180 ah dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poured into cretaing videos , and the profits from viewrehsip have had a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millinoaires are entertainers .
Teh Satellite dsih has alos created disitntc advantages ofr Clbe TV a anval prorgasm as ewl .
The intelliegcne of an average teenager is lowering itself to cable viewing , caeted by the satellite idsh .
Navla programs have watsed large amounts of money in the United State to the satelliet dsi .
nad en muts not register space programs such as STAWrARS .
Teh creation of eh satellite dsih in the last 20 years has altered the average intleligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
It sa rceated an information ga , which could be dangerous , and nicraesed an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satleilte idhs are numerous .
The only obseravtion which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's ilve significnatly .
It is up to the vaerag person to decide if htis aletratoin will be better or worse .
hte discovery of Atomi enegr is undoubtedly also awesome as wlel as the most terrible invnetion not only of the 02ht century but of all time .
In 495 , J. Rboetr Oppenheimer unveiled to the rold his invention in the form tha is oms faliiar to us today : The atomic bobm .
Th reason behind the fea htta hti energy causes is routed in st incredible power to destroy .
Never before the world seen something with a caapcity to kill .
Never before ah no object of such small szi bee ael to take so many ilvse .
For this reason , it is considered th msot wa - nispirin na danegrous weano in the world .
Unfortunately , with each personal day , the world 's need for this dangerous neregy increases .
F not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
btu laos t caapbliity to suppyl dn neregize the owlrd .
T rdabwack is t daegr .
In utilizing high power in lpnats and factories we r the risk of cotnmainating our land , lbowin hose in our atmosphere , rnedeirng our uesless , dn kililng our epcies as well as all the spceise of the earth .
Although we have myn other powerful sourec alternative , we stli conitnu to sue this dangerous event .
It is illogica to htnik that with continued nuclear es , we c escape har .
Alerday as a result of pollution and other avriuos factsr , we have hlose in uo ozone lyae and problems with ru also in many parts of the world .
It would be logic to thi that the elaedrs of the world would confer and apply to p a sotp to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth 's inhabiattns .
The saddets patr of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
hte lack of visoin from our elader is aomst appalling .
With eh lack of respect for parents is the general attitude of today , hwta is to becem of o children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a asd not .
It is slo , however , the problem of high nuclear eregy is not a small piece .
Unfortunately , eh ya will soo ocme when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
It is hwy it is miperaitve to cat today .
It starts with oy .
Wrtie yuo lacl congressman .
An inventino of ht 2t0h ecntur whihc I tihnk hsa siginficantyl chagned people 's lives is the invneiton of the iarplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomcial .
Teh airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadneed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also inrtoudced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no huma is caapbel of doi without a machni : the conpet of foreigners .
Bofre the inevtnion of eh airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , tiem - ocnsuming thing .
Fo hti reaosn , peopel di no arvel extremel long dsitanecs missed the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from thri ow .
One ocul rtave by aot but this sa incnoveninet and oft dangerous because of vraiou thnigs ilk disease , hunre , and theratneing wetahre . Als , as noted above , it is extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and limited understanding of the world .
I have elarne a olt obut my own culutre jts frmo being in Spain na that is the only foreign country I have eve visited .
I can dami that before I came to Sian I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Evne though I wlud watch the wes and read about other cultures , I still did no have the opportunity to witness it for the first time .
The invention of the airplane has opened many odors and on other door is intenrational relationships .
Since the invention of eh aripalne , the world has incaesed clos ocntatc between political systems , and international business endevaors .
Th frequnecy wtih which foreign countries are bael to communicate and negotiate face to face has improevd drastically the establishment of international rtade .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system .
Life with ariplnaes is more rap - paced .
Casr , telphones , and nuclear enegry are thre examples of invnetiosn dcsoveries that have had profound effects on modern - ad ilef .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is n the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th ecntruy .
Another " discovery " of the apst century has been efminism , which has had an isgnificant impac on the lives of bto me dn owme .
Of course , the issue of efmniism is n a n not , but it is just withni the pats century that a lot of progerss have been med towards the euqalit of wone ( with the important exception of wone winnin the right to vote in the 180 ) .
As recently as t 159s0 , it was still the mos typical as as the ideal to have teh owman in the home , houskeeeipng na tending the children .
T fir significan euqal rgihts movmeen in the U.S. in the 70s with the Equal Rgihts Amendmetn , which failed .
Even today , a woman is still only alone something like 60 censt for every dlola htta a man earns .
Fmeinsim ode not only has to do with owkr dn noey , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begnu to thikn obut rather , how mnay thin as vaire as oprnography or the language we use ehpl to form the amge of women .
The ercognitoin of cuh influences on the image of women is the rist step in eraking it down , so th women are ese for what they trul ra .
Femnisim is better described as a " dsicover in orgress " ; it 's a moevment , an atttidue that ha nto y bocme mainstream .
Only once women have ahcieved equality with men , will they cease to be a necessity for women , and the disvoery will have been completed .
eh idae taht I feel ha mos significanlty changde people 's ilves in the 2t0 century is hta of acring of the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned about unclaer waeposn .
We rlaize that countries which have man weaposn have the power to destroy the world .
las realted to this topic is nuclear power .
Nculear waste is on only harmful to humans , it also kills animals and planst .
We are fighting ofr acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer bale to feely dump tier waset without being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned about nature .
We used to assem oru natural ersourcse were never endign .
onw , though , we realize what we use , nede to be rpelaced .
ofr example , deforestation is an evyr bgi isuse . Many groups have froemd to plant mo trees .
We also realzie our fossli fuesl ened to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we waare of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producin a lot of non - ibodegradable products and the otre of reusing hwa we have .
( Ryccling in a small way laso leps them without hmose because they rceeive omney for what they collect ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another imoprtnat ssue is that of ocnserving energy .
In the past , noec gaain , we assumed uor eenrg wa never enidn .
No thuogh , people are more inclend to tunr of their gihts when they 're not in their rooms , to leaev tpa running and baiscally not to waste our natural resources .
We reazie that conservni energy is just beneficial to the environment , but it also saves money .
We have asl become more considerate of oru naima lief .
We are no longer able to kill animals free .
We do still raise osme for food , but huntnig is limietd and we ar la aware of the possibility of extinction .
No one realizes that animals have rgihts too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is stli a enw no .
We are slowly becoming more awar and are beginning to take more percautiosn .
The idsa abov ra just a few of the topics we ar on concerning baotu .
ub we ra heaidng in the right directoin and , hopefully , by the next century we will have fexd everything we have destroyed !
Competrs have definitely affected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to stor almost all the nifromation I eed for csholo and many other things in my company , so that where before I had a computer , my eds wa lcuttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records bu olny to transfer the to my ocmpuetr .
This means I 'm abl to store omer infomration in an organezd fashoin .
Although I ha nol used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aisd of being able to tsore greta amonuts of ifnormation , I 'm also able to rpocess and to edit things uqickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with an aclcualtor , a ep na an ipec of pape .
Of course , tsi was very item - consuming and open to error . With the u of a computer , I have programmed the computer to mkae eh aclcultaions whihc I onec hda to amek .
Also , with the of eh Word rpocsesor , I 'm able to edi and rearrange documents without altering the entire dcoument , a furthemrore , ohugh I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , tsi program seems to be exrtaodrinarily helpful .
My father has the same progra on his computer and is able to buy onlen tickets without laevign the uose and , moreover , without taking up the phone .
Also , I realise that my experience with computers is limitde and that the power of computers , for me , is impossible .
I 'm nwo here in Mardi .
How did I get her ?
Well , I applie to this program , was acecptde , and flew here from the US .
But , without the u of computers , I would still be struggling with the science in the International Porgrams Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to teh program , the application ofr wcih was probably computer generated , I assum my info was processed by a computer .
Without this luxury , eh International Prorgams fofcie would inevitably be inundated with papewrrok and things would hterefor be lost or at least msiplaced .
When buying my filght , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would have been impossible without the aid of computers .
Computers have had a significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invetnion of the 02ht century that I think significantly changes people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communciation of diea , imgae , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the aw to Beijing - every person in the world cna watch the event as it is happening .
However , prveioulsy , people had to wait days , or even weeks ro ne ( hwich consisted of second - or third - hand acocunts , which always involevd mcuh intrepretatino and distortion ) , now htye acn se it happeni , of themselves , as it is happening . hti allows them to make their nw , niformed judgment baout teh event , and if a reaction is nceessary - cuh as the gathering of oppistion to a cetrani lwa - it cna be done mimedaitely , whil the emotoins ra tsil strong , adn before the actoi is fianlized .
Aslo , the fatc tta so many people ( especially in the US ) watching television emasn tta everybody ( ewll , at least everybody who watcehs ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be confused about how people in California or ajpan spka and ca . There are always people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one apr of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " globla vilgae " as one ojrunalist has called the owrdl of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and dance , people learn different messages about life .
They can variuos actions atced out to their edn , and understand the consequences of htes actions , without having to eprfor their actions and experience the consequecne for themselves .
Unfortunately , ehse TV shows are not always accurtae portrayals of rela lif and have a tendency to glorify vioelnce , as well as makni ilfe seem kie th good laways win , and always live through adngerous situations .
Howeevr , htis sesne of reality is nto so idstorted , dn so hidde that peoel a ogign aroudn acitng liek Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed senes of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for udnertsanding ht wlrd we ilve in .
the waters of teh culinary essa had been calm and consistent of centureis .
Progress moved slowly ilk ht tied dn the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a tsrom came .
With ihs stor the watres churned a spawned a wva aht sa crashed up the rocks of every kicthe .
htis wave is the imcrowav .
Neevr before has used an invention revoluitonized a sceince like this .
A comelte bre hsa bne forge in hte wya food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked anaml flesh ore ope fiers .
As ihstoyr porgressde , ipts and barbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the owo stove , a later , ones made by coal .
Modern mies saw gas na leecrtic ranegs become a tsapl .
All these things had one thing in common : FIEr .
Fire , the source of ilfe , has always been used to prepare the food of manknid throughout history .
However , the micrwoave uses radiation to excite wtae particles in ood , th craeitng friction , which cretaes heat .
Htis is a prmie example of thinking that does not follow in old ftosteps ub berkas away from convention and ofregs ne rotuse .
If th wer not amazing enough , the microwave cu ocoking tiem in hla .
If you had told someone 100 eyasr og that you could cut cooking time in laf , dn not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the infulenec of high rdugs .
In an ga where time is a scraces commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasetd hours in the kitchen .
A mother w wokrs , acn ocme home , cna whip up something in mintue in the microawve , wherea before we would have been slanig in the kitchen .
The microwave is ecxelelnt more re - heating , making it easier for people to kae excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- children a abl to use this simple device without parental fear of fire satrting .
of , as I have said before , there is no ifr !
Tihs marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Throguhotu history , one can see that great revelations in a raeas come from breaks in rtadition , insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to cerate the microwaev , which is essenita nwoaadys .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This deivc has sped up the of many important activities that revolutionized life in the fast - pace 20th century .
When I was in tnet gard , a teacher said that the 2 mso ipmortnat inventinos that made posisble hte ieda of a repressive government we the machine ug and the radi .
A machine ugn can be used to ekep civil epace , enforce Masrhall wa .
eh radio na be used to communicate ieda and , nuder a ditcatorhsip , rpopaganad .
In the 20th ecntruy , the machine ugn ha no changde a hta many lise ( execpt fo those that it killed ) , but the ivnentino of radio sa hda a tremendou impcat .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
Tehre is on a transmitter and it sends it signlas through the ari waves , with potential for miilons of receivers .
In the 02th century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radoi keeps people ifnomred .
I od ' t think any poepl of my generation can evn understand how different our lives would be .
Every morning I listen for the weather froecats and dress accordingly .
At inght , en ac si by the rad and haer how the events of th da ufnodled .
ardio , hence , givse people the potion of becomni passive osbervesr rahter tna cative paritcipatns in the news - making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the event of daio that the opwer of the media became veidnet .
Radio gives the ability to reach more people , isntatnly .
As a fomr of entertainment , radi and its most ipmortatn adn nwo moer common offshoot , tleevision , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and conig home to watch TV .
There have eve been forms of entertainment , for example , video programs , made of this othe form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is oevr 100 years old , dn for h TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all day and it makes her ahpp .
Televiiso ofefrs sopa opreas , game hsow , sit - co , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entetrained 24 hours a day .
In sohtr , I don ' t know what ilf was ilek before rad , but its nivention has changed teh w we see and do things .
A crrent ideloogy in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow lal of the written and written rlues of society ,
Everyone has an equ opportunity to succeed and when one does n do this o fali .
One of these idae in popular Medai Eve day .
TV commecrials dn TV programs project models of how o should be .
In the 20th century , the vaules that teh Unitde Sattse was fonuded on have changed in modern and sense weh applied to modern dya America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and tuilziation of modern technology such as computers , life of Americans omevs at a much faster speed .
People are more mobile , can owr more , and uby more things , but time ofr relaxation and famli are oetn substituted with TV . In America , tihs growing individualistic society , o no lonegr esse teh realitve humanness ebtewen people , instead oen see eh differences , the unlucyk , th unsuccessful , nad attribute their inabilit to achieve to a lakc of effo .
With everyone moving at suc a afs apce , the gaps are easy to miss , the ovicse of the mass emdia easily relpac those voices that strggle to be heard .
The aprt of the next machine that needs to be oil and rgeulated .
Wehn Voltaire wrote Candide , a lietrayr style knonw as Neoclassicism at ist peak .
There was a group of shcoalrs in Rfance , l'Academie rfaçais , tah the guideline for French literature .
According to l'Academie Française , ll ltierature of the enoclasiscal peirod must follow the rels of propreity which regulatde ht uatho sohuld avodi certain topics , including sex , violnece , church , and stae isseus .
Aonther stanadrd uhpeld by the Acaedmie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possilbe by keeping ti , stting and plot true to life .
Vlotaire , as a Neoclassiicst , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
Howeevr , wne wrtiign Cadnied , ovltaire defied the Acadeime 's rules .
Candied is a parody on the ugidelines of Neoclassicism .
Enoclassicists liked literature to have good manners : they did no awnt to stay on Aynnoe 's teo by mentioning ex , ivolence , church , or state issues .
In Cnadide , Voltaire did not seem to imnd setppnig on toes - in fatc , he did not imn smashni fete !
Volatire was beyond his comfort level when he emntioned se .
He told of the two girls of erllion who were lovers of mnokyes , na of the abro oh abthed wht hte umslim was pnuished for si homoseuxal act .
Sex turned into violence when Cnuegodne wsa being arepd by a Barber , and witnessed his mruder hwile he was on t of hre .
The wise ol owmna udnerwent the removal of a buttock by piartes , as we as experiencing rape .
After the person is caught bathing with the Musl , he receives 100 lashes for his s .
Candide sbas the aborn , a Jesuit Preis , after the Baron ofrbdis Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironcially , although Voltaire mentions many atcs of violence , each act is treaetd lightly : Cunegoned and the older woman obht tell their tlase of being defide lik an etnetraining story in their conversations about htei tarvels ; the Baro also contineus h tale iwth stel afte telling of his ebaitng ; nad fater Caidde " iklls " the Bar , he leaves to sear for Cunegnod with no second htouhgt until he re - encounters hte Brano later in his travels .
eh lhgt attitude in which htsee acts of sex a voilnece are written shwo the aprdoy from in which Voltaire wrote Candide .
Voltarie choos not to stay away from churhc and state issues .
He tatracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woamn 's father benig the Poep .
Wne Candide vsiits the ldn of leodrado , Volatir sohws ht people 's eprfec relaitonsihp to Go : they only praies do because three is nohting they want to do .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to ofi society 's imperfect relationships with do in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of noibliyt b still lcak getnility .
Candide and her companions dine with 6 detrhoned kings who rerpesnet the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his protrayla of the utopian osciety of Eldroad , Voltaire tiosl the imperfcetoins of uo society .
According to Lnued , 35% of homicide cases are kield by someone they know .
Statistci fmo 56 is greater than Lunse ' tehsi .
Frustration is the main facro most mipilcated in these targedies .
Mos case are tohse of the " trigge pulign th fing " .
Today , raail preujdice tsill xeist , but less activity has taken place htan 30 years ago .
Tihryt years , minorities could n't rid a bu , vot , or go to school with whet people .
Desegregation reducde osme perjduice , but it still exists .
The difference is , today , social prejudcie is not openly exrpessed as it was 30 years ago .
I want the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would hten feel boliagted to do nice things back and return the favor .
This is based on euqit ehory .
It would be better for teh cilent to do nice things for hte person htna it would be to sak a favo of hte person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south must not be prjeudiced twoard Blacks at fits .
After living in the suoth for a while , they mya adopt soutehrn attitudes towards lbakcs and feel perjudice towards them .
htis is conformiyt .
The asme eos fo Souhternres hw mo onrth .
They come to fele prejudice towar Jsw .
I know someone hw hsa ilevd all over the world .
He is prejudiced toward Jwe , Blacks , and Meixcans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the idfferetn regions he lived in .
Our country has been called a " metlnig - pto " implying tha we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritag , as we er realize , is mioprtant to their sense of se and cmomuniyt .
Ethnic American cultures have been erviving and rtyign to reetsablsih roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
Th differences they are rediscovering oln add more color , lfavro and ecxiteemnt to that berwign " pot " of our epopl .
However , soem inidvdiuals and even groups of Americans are reactin negativeyl to the ethnic explosion ( especially most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They cohose to remain indfiferent to the plights of tehi efllow Americans .
As Ellei ewisel , author of such books as Nihg , says about independence : it is the opposite of evreythin good .
The opposite of love , ability , intelligence , light , joy , life a growth ar to their familiar antonyms but inidffeernce .
Ethni American iltearture treis to fight tihs indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cultures .
The gmau of ethnic American literature is iwtohut bound .
aehc group has its own peculiarities and attirbtues that amek it writing uniqeu .
In many cases , the workers sued in tenhic American literatuer relfcet a knowledge of a different " motehr tognu " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visua partly because the languag is deeply rooted in the oesrvation of the natural environment .
Chinese Ameircan Literature is hpilisophiacl / literal because their native language is so .
Africa maeriacn literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring tehir similar achievements in Jza dn Bleus umsci .
ll tehse exmaplse ( na more ) give us osem insight into the cultures we would otherwise neve know .
The storise otld in the gnere of literature , however , are likely the most miporatnt sapetc of technical American literature .
It is through the experience of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Wehn we are afraid of the irals and hard that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions a rty to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American lsave and of concetnartion camp vicitms are necessary to avoid indifference .
Withou learning about the past ( and present ) hrorors , there is no way to ensrue future hamnity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It pones our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a rfesh and en perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , grow , and prosper .
Hpoefully , we will semday fulfill Eei Weisel 's goal and end indifferenec . ihs ilterature is a step in the rihgt dierctino woards accommodation of the idversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
ivolecne on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cabl has to offer .
With an average naitona TV viewign time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious ocnecrn .
Television prgorammign in the nuietd States is considered the most vielnt in advanced inudstrialize ntaions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Maybe a child watches various TV shows because the action thrills him and can sometimes cause eh Chli to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that porrtya sotries bauot crime , psychotic murderers , police caess , emergenyc services , international terrorims , an Wa ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisio violence is prevalent in the United States and som people disagree about the effort on children .
The V - chi is an eelcrtical device tha blocks up violent televisoin sohws .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committ , are not satisfied with it .
Teh Senate Commerce Comimtete approved bills creating a partial ab on TV violence and a so - called peort car that would idetnify stations carrying violent progrmming na the advertisers sponsorin it .
T bills owuld apply to broadcastign dn cabel ( Ste 1 ) .
osme of the anit - voilence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chpi , t ohus V - chip , a Technoolgy Fund , a ivolence Sfa Harbo , and an ivolecne Report Cadr .
Thsee porposal cuold work if Congress had osm uspport .
The National Association of Broadcasetr accused the Senate of " pilgn on a stream of prpooslas to build up an unprceeednted efedral censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters last have rpsonded to concerns about violence on television ( Setrn 1 ) .
Some television shows show vioelcne because it appaels to adult viewers .
If a person plots to ivnolvse a murder , then t mrude must papen .
So people ont want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to who is writing the etlveision .
Man made - for television movies as that they may contain ivolnet scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but wo many people autally watch television with their teenagers ?
An xehasutive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season ah concluded that sinitser combat violence eprvades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much voilnece is there ?
The violent cartoosn er ' Teenage Mutan Ninja Turtles ' , ' psider na ' , and osm ' Bgu Bunny ' eipsodes iwht Elm ufd .
As the show contianign sinister combat violence , that is strictly up to the viewre to decide .
The reason for television ivolence is to add texture to eh shows na on to poison children 's imnds .
The infamous V - chi may stop osm shows from being shwon to children , ubt one dya that they will see violnece and they will have to draw tih it , rationally or to .
