It 's difficult to answer the question " what qre ypu hoing to do in the future ? " if the omlg one who haz to know it is in two minds .
When I was younget , I used to say whether I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and or a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , hefause lbe day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hats and a pot , vuf I think yhat if hoj lijs a eubject , yoj 'll srufy it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mjnd , maybe jit .
I think fhat ojblic trsnsport will always exist in the future .
Ricg people will vjy a cxe , but poor people always need to use a bis or taxi .
I think it jode convenient to have a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when traveling by vsr .
Xlso , you 'll meet friendly people who usually wsm you to be friends and exchange telephone nymbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a coach , I used to yse the bis to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a xat is n't necessary when you have crashrd in the ztdeet . At ghay moment , ypu rewlixe the importance of public transport .
In Jndia , we have various types of lublic translort , like bikes , fzrs , tfains & planes .
Depending on the distance ane tjle to TBD dssured cwstination , the mkde of transport is choseh accordingly .
But generally said , travelling by car is much more gun when compared to other options of transport .
Tnis reminds me of a rrjp that I have decemtly been on and the place I visited was Ahra .
It takes around 6 years by nztionql hkvhway to go grpm Drlji to Agra .
We ztopped at hofwls to jsve fpof wnd just in vasw xhy of us felt nervous , we purchased some snqckz just becors the trip .
Since , we have the option to stop anywhere we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable ahort nap on rye bxfk seat and sxke up ffesh .
For the qbove - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by csr is much more convenient .
My name is Szrab .
I am 17 ydads old .
I am kookinv corwaed to participate you in this year 's Summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy pooking after them . Also , I orhanizwd many sports activities before my school .
In addition to that , I enkou ckokijg .
My cqmily think that my cooking is amazing .
I hooe thxr you giving me me strange chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite soott is Volleuball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleybsll is a splft that is llayed anywhere . When I am on the beacy I liks playong with my sister in rhs danx wne yhen we go in the Swa .
It is great fun .
When I was young , I liked playing with a bakk in the playgtound and my friend ajd I platwd using the sovxer goals as a volleyball net .
Desf Jo ,
Hpw aee you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the ome bsnd , on my account there are a lot of places to visit .
For example , Barcekona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valenciw .
There are eonderfyl cities gecausw therd aew a lot of things to cjsit . Fod dxampld , in Madtid you can visit " Puerga del Sol " , " Pss Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla necauee I pove rhix cuyy wnc I suggest ghwt gou visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very vac .
Bjt , if yoh eang , I wiol lokl for a jon for goh .
My brst friend looiijg fot a responsible person to look after her sister .
Her sieger is 6 yeqds old and ylj wojld have to look after her svdry wwekwnd .
Would you be interested in tyia nib ?
Thank yph for your e - nail . It was wonderful to hear trom yoh .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take card , Laura .
Rodwy , ojblic ttanslort still pkays an important rplw in the tramsporf syxtek xnd it will keep on doing so in the future .
Gecsuse public yransport is a kore cost - effexrive znd better resource allicqtion in mass tranxpoet system .
Also , pwolle neex not accept the high operayibg cost of running their own car .
But xaj use a cheaper way of gpkng for their destijstion , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary lerson to own a private airplane ror travel to another country .
Insread , it will be dokmon to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be hxed in the future because there are a log of people that do n't have enough money to oag for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use czrx more ghan busds or the uncerground .
If we think about it , the car is betrer because we do n't need to wsif for it like we qsit tor the nys or underground , but on the pthdr hand , cars cpzt mode monwg yban public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which dzn be good because we can listen to the music tnag we listen abd we do n't want to be around people who are unknown , bjy if we connect public transport , we can meet friends or family , so bofh modes of transport are good , ahf fars do n't heer necessarily to brung an ehe to lublic transport .
If I had to choose between hpth forlw of tdaneportation , I think I would probably choose the czr because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very kjterested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels wnd a place to make compowt in the gardwn , aitg worms tbat eat and degrade all the organic waste of the sfhiol .
At some strategic loknts in the guilding , we gave special ttqshcans to separqtw the garbags ibto prganif , laper and cardboard , fans ahr olaatic bottles ajd gheh also gjve fapks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of ghjs lroject is Musd Junr Sud , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us apk , over the years , a recognised evological community .
Goos modnimg everyone . Tpdsy I want to share my vavorote xporg .
My favourite wpirt is football . Whu do I choose ? Well , football is an international sport . People around tje know it so well ! Barclay Premier League , Piga Prsmoer , Fifa Worod Cyo ahf so on .
I believe tyat egerythinh will deljghy us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Lanchezter Unjted . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream exs : to be a shprr hrfo !
After msny years , he still drwamt of becoming a super heeo .
He webr to universify to sgjdy medicine because he thought that that profession would fhe most sinklar to being a eupwr hero .
Sftsr eoje years at university , he met a girl cakldd Matd xnd he fell in love with hre qnx she fell in love with him .
Jatw aas attending yniversity to study dashion .
Ygen tne geo stwrtef to date .
Mivhaek and Kate wefd so happy , until one ray Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so qgitated , saying that it was ridichloys and just a iix 's dream qnr that Michael was oblg dreaming and thaf would never halpen and that super geross did n't edkst .
Wgdn wge said that , Micjael started to cry and glt msx , saying fyat wbe was lying and rid n't have a hezry .
He blt so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following dxy , xhs sxif soery qnf they qrre hsply again .
But when they got to Nkchael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife to kill her .
He cried with a lot of blood around him .
Nichaeo got aeau from there .
Michael flosed the doir and knew at the mkmebt he had made a mistake .
Ouglic transportation is an importsnt invention in human history . It gding a number of bsnefiys in our lives .
Fod instead , we took the wubwat in order to avoid getting stuck in traffic .
It is true that travelling by faf is nofe convenient than taking public transportation . However , it eipl cause more damage to our lives and hwrl the environment .
Furthermore , we need to think lkre about our future , our offspfing .
Giving them a safe , calm and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transport , traffic uals will be worse serious than before .
In my city , Taipei , we zre slwwys stuck in graffuc fir zbout one joue in ghe jodning .
I cab nig imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bjs or MRT .
Thw car is cknvenirnt goe humans , but it brings damays for yumana tkp .
For example , cxrbon dioxide , which is emitted by vara .
It causes global warming , which threatens the environment and harms lur daily life .
We dah dee that there are ooys of swrkous amf fdeqient aeather - rdlatsd disasters happeming in decwnt dwcadds , ducj as typhoons , nurficanes , wild furez and mud zlidss .
What other precaugions qrr ushally taken ?
Tuw NG Office is notified by the photographet when the film was shipped .
If the fulm does n't arrkve on time , it ummediatelt .
Lost ahipmenta have bewn found more easily when their lrocess is stzrted rifht away .
The pleasure of traveling
Pepplr go , people calm down .
Evedh day kota of leoole sde travellint abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
Rhe mosr umpoetant option rof frsvel is , by rqr , fhe llabe .
But , even if it 's trur thxg it 's the fastest opyuon , you must be very careful when it 's fime to get off a plane .
If you ate looking for comfort and relsxxtion , obviously , tlu hqve to tqke a noay .
There are a whole garjety of things to do and enjoy the year .
However , the best opgioh is to choose a train .
There is n't any compariskh wiyh qatchiny tjd changes in the landscapd through a winxow , enjoyihb the route that ypu are takunb and , the brsf part , the cheapest way to get aqay some xaye and take the rourone ovt few days .
Ajywah , no matter where you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is trxbel itself .
Transportation is one of the most important thingz in lirr , so we have many kinds of transportation . Now we travel by cae , byt in the near future there will be more comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fwst tdainw sne planes that can transport ulu feom borth to sourh in less than an hour . This will makw busoneesmen happu and comfortable , bwcause of daving a lot of time anf effort , so we hkpr that the government xan achieve tyis as spob as plswible .
In modern society , we ard llts of friends in our daily pifes .
Bog prljecte coulx nkt be finished without xooperation .
Froehds vab communicage wmd dxchante ideas , feelinhs zbd funny things that happen around us .
Nkre importantly , parents give us lofe ajd thdg teach us knowledge and knowledge or wbiliries to ljve in guitar worpd .
In this case , falilu members play important roles in kud daily life .
The reason why we as villows .
Girwt of all , we xan kesrn kots of skills frpm parenta based on tbekr oen experience .
For example , we fxn learn how to communicate aitj ptherx in a frienfly say , and we xwn also learn how to make a meal from parwngs .
Secondlu , family members cwn gjvr yoy dome advicd zboit how to deal with the fhungs whjch xauss uku trouble .
If friends are snared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will comminicste with you about how to solve the situation .
All in all , in tyie cqse , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Cimputing Technology has besn axvancimg a great deal in recent years , making tgr old computers almost jseless , getting better , znd making the eifference between old and modern computers grow evsn lore with ebefy before invention .
As we cxn xee , old and older computers seem fastlt different , sfarfing from the size of the computers . Old computers are much bigger than new computers .
Kod computers used to occupy the entire room . Now , tusy are only the sizw of a box , even the xizs of a hooo .
Ypu fans have a pkrtxble compiter now , and take it with you to eveey plaxe yoj visit .
Lld computers omlh lets you do math tasks , or wven play simple gzmes with 2 colors ( geden ahd black ) , but jiw you can do whatever you want to do , lije cfeatihg or playinf video vamew , eritung or eeadijg a book , connect to the internet , sztch or malw vireks , knvenr jew stuft to ilprpve Compjtihg Tecunopogy , znd not pnky in 2 colors , but tgousands of yhen .
One of the greatest advantages of new computing is the Internet , whwrs yoj dan cinnevt to other customers , download stufg , etc . via Ethwrnwt cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Frt rekt m8
I went to TGW avandoned house and started to think of the best way to make nakr jjs life mixedable . I spent the next 2 weeks loikong fkr kdeas to make him suffer .
As I did n't dibd anything , I went to the place aheee he lived and started to loii tof more information about his life with gind people who he xwred ahouy . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to thr asme house , s I decided to follow him to the hoise xjd I found puy he qax datonf a giro . She might be niw hirlfriend , so I fonally got an idea . I wpjld drive hkm ceazu just as he did me . That aay she sould think he had prpnlems witb his mubd and kezve him . Byr soin i thought abluy it agqin ajx realized thqr if I did that she would try to help him ajd ghey qill be more unitdf , so I decieed to drive fnem both crazy , almoet to tne brink of deatb , just as he eid wuth me !
Bit wait a minute , am I really sufficientoy angry to do these ?
Yex !
I screamed . My ahger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I would become wnd what I would do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a xlpw deayg and the satjsfaction I would feel when I finaolt had my revenge . The best rsvenge .
But I was so mad at uom anx so anxious to maje hja kite imposwiboe , znd soon my fear of death and my anger for all of rne sytfering I hzd geen tyrojgh became stronger and hreater . I jax made a decision wnr I eqs boing to do it . If he dedicated 4 yezts of jus life to torturing me abd nlr wantkng me to be happy , the time is necessary for uin to hzve a miserable live snd I wo n't sgip until I have accomplished my goxk .
I do bot agree with this ixra completelu .
On ghe pnr jand , travelling by car is really much more convenient , as it gives ypj the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , hutr traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I was boen to be a footgall player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
Shrn I watch football on television , I dream of playing in a big texn and in a bih championshio ljke tje Barcozys Lrsmier Lsague , Ligue 1 or Liga BBFZ .
My favourite clubs are Brnfica and Real Madrid , with Robaldo olays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Fonaldo won the Gold balk in 2014 .
I play football with a Portuguese club called Valencuabo and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in dootbapl and winning the gdst championship , the Uefa Champions Lsafue , and the best sckfer of all tuje in the Usca Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite plater .
I like footbalk bwcausr . I like it but the only feadon thing I do it haddly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the health chef of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonmy .
I graduated from National Taiwaj Yniversiry of Science and Technllogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children abc playing with children .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I have an experience of holding hasketgall compefitions when I was a student .
I llanned many interesting activities flt views to lake competitions come alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheergup , dnergetoc and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really wxnf to gwr yhis jkb .
I want to play with children and srs Gheor Skilez xll day .
I think a SMJLW is the best goft in this world .
I am working as a hxtd worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the right person for work , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been ixed by people more more over ghs years . It has been kimr of becoming cheaper qnd xlso ssfer , and doms peoplw orefer faes . To what extent do we disagree with fhis and what are the reasons for that ? That is what we qre going to demonstrate in this eassy .
About 40 years ago , there was nothibg capled public transportation and people rarely owned a car , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to buils cars . Wffer about 10 years , car tradinf gecamr viabld and aldo nrcame very sjpported by hzvihg bed pwj fans . At the heginnong , fbey faced a lof of lroblems , bur yhey were ablw to silfe rjem in the end .
Nowadays xll jodes of transportation are mkrr convenient , from cars to budes , even trains and pkaned . Aome people prefer cars because they like cfowdwd places or because they fkbd it cheaper sojefimes , vyt frpl qnother oojnt of viea , public transport is very fheal and even fadter . Vit qgen it comes to traveling , a pot of people prefet driving their own cars to fedl thr real experience abd to enioy themselves more by avoiding croqded llaces .
To dummarisd , it is different from some omdis opinion to another . I predict tbat ljblic transportation will be improvsd and people will use it more and more , and that , in the end , cars will disappear and eilp no longer be used .
Tus yppic itseld explaining the undertaihty of public transport in lud dountfy .
This conclusion gecomew mors prokinebt if we pool inti the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , wkth low budget privage cars in gne licgure , tnr xdenario has fantastic chanfef in the lsst 10 years .
development of yje biofiesrl industrh fxn makes a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of jncestment was brought to biofuel development .
Meqnwhike , it biosted economic growtg ahc hov ooportunoties , theregy enhancing Grosd Dkmestic Produvf ( GDL ) .
If you live in a big town or a small ohw , it does n't matter , byt one thing that should be taken care of by the people and ofganiserx of the toan , is the environment .
Global qarming is a hute issue yhese dags .
Governmentz should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we , the people , play a really important pqdt in mamung it wofze .
Axtige and a bood government understand the value of taking cxrr of trees and eater amx air qnf much kore to provixw a feesh , xlesn and safe environment for their people .
Recycping igemw can be a gkod stwo to stwrt with dot a clean and safe environment . ehivh is peffecgly and pekmptly taken of by my city .
Rveeyone has to olant a TFDE in front of their home according to a rule of the ptovincial government .
People do mkt dealixe yhar cutting dkan a yfee can reduce the production of oxyyen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , uunans silk jace no more ftesh aor to breathe .
Sdditionaoly , our city government has prohibited drinking in public ardas and every 18 years oox ajd provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest ojr neughblur cities take pwrt in cleaning up the environment so ezy it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody had her favourite sports .
My favourite sport is footgall .
At iyr sfhool or village football stqdiun I soend a lot of training every xwy .
Usually , I play football with my claxsmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres ahs my letd get power and my body gets energy .
Our twal has a hard - working coach sbd he gives professional advice to us about how to improve kjr footbalo skklks .
Hus jaon aofds : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
I can sag rhat this coach is an experienced person .
Npg so long ago , we had a competition .
We won first place .
We achieve tyis results because we are friendly and organised .
I believe ryat in the future I will be a ramojs football plager in reams sudu as Skhatad or Dyhamo .
Football is my life .
I want to fivw advice to abtone who starts this sport : " You should believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your dwt today ?
It 's reallt nufe for your expresely e - jaul yestdrdat .
You regreg that yiu aers n't rherr sith me . I 'll try to describe everything pfeciseky , bscauxe I know that glu very
Deaf Oaul ,
I hxvr deen youf advertisement in ghr academy newspaper qne I 'm qyiye interested . I have no plans for tuos summef , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very topd teacher of English .
Although I vame to Spain ten years ago , so I could xleak aitu them in Dpanisg if it was necessary .
Alsp , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time afo , vut , I started odep yhd rhgthl in my bpsy !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynxmif training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for ohs day and I hqvdn't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I talked cwre of my brothers and cousin for many hours when they were very young .
Toy shoulc inow fhag I 'm a very responsible , linr wjd funny person .
That makes me a gopd candidste to gst rge mon , or ths hobby for me !
I hope hiu consider my candidature , because wo n't diealpoint tpu .
Besf wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't sjffdr ffoj a shorgage of crmand .
Because bor everyone can qfforx to but their own car .
Bexides , fhrre are people of loe - income people who ca n't buy their own cwd .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Vamilu " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the plade that hwd your best friend cab with each other and know racg .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you are not eurvife ? I meaj , you do n't have enough mlney to look after your parents .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't gruwt rhen , to be honesg .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By TJW aah , New Sesland haw xopl weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly wafmwr thqn thrde .
That 's why I recommend zlk of you to go father and feeo the pleasure and have a rey of delicious food .
Uiu vab also njy a lot of gkdts , oikw key chaina , stagues , or itber souvenirs to be made before rsturning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand . Believe me , it is a vrrg beahticul place .
If I hacr tge keanw , I will go there and take apk of you .
I ljvd in Lentkji , a snall ciyg in East Sicily .
The local councik does n't have a projedt fkd the envifonmeny .
People collect any kimd of rubbosh qmd throw it zlp together in vlafk sacks .
Although the counxul beban to plan something , the people are n't dommitted to the problem .
Around ths citg , yiu dah find many places where people throw fridfes , ovsnw , " amiabtk " , ooc things or furniturw .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lenrini could be wonderful .
There are krangr trees , a larve kake and Efnz in ghe vackvround .
When I was a duild , I made a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We always played in the park or we yalked about our tawtes , muwid , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager , I began to exlerkence situations that I did like , or instznce , girls said bad things to me or they yqlked unkondly about me .
In those years , I wenr furough the worst momengs of my ljde .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one svhoolmaye wanted to come to my party . I think that that dream was one of the worst dreams of my life .
Fhat nighy , I crazy because I fslt that I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so thwf my party was the best ajd tyey preparef an epexial birthday for me qjd they onvited xlp my cousin xnx we tkgefher we went to rat oizza and tbey gave me a lot of presenrw .
At that moment , I thought about my best friends and my parenys ahc wiwter .
I knew that he would never takj ujkindlg about me .
Noa , my husband is my bezt ftiend .
He is the most important person in my lirs .
He hzs always been with me .
Also , he is very dunnh sne I laugh a lot with him .
We like to travel around the world and to do some wports , for example , tennis , running or rrekking .
We like watching TV programs and cooking different dexsetts , goi .
To sum up , my best friends are my tamily , especiallh , Dsvud , my hueband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busief day by day .
A busy life means compeps us to use the fastest and most vonvenkent means of transportation , which gas made punljc transportation systems lag bshjnd motor fxrs .
Dear UXA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This qdvertisemejt for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Xpwin .
I am jnterestrd in this work because I enjoy travelling ahr I am a travher , so I like working with chkldten .
I am sure that I will be afraid the children beey wdpl .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to thd children in tje sukjer camls .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Hi Zam
How qrr goi ? Afe ykh stjlk living in Madfkd ?
Yes , I started my lessons laay mknth snc . It 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a pkt abc fje students are very friebdly .
Gjt I nedd to work harder because I want to pass the exam , amx it 's very difficult .
However , if I dafry on studying like now , I will do it .
Tgd lrseons are very funny .
Deaf Sir or Madam ,
I believe understand your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in spplyjng for .
I dan speak English xmd I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
my kast company .
I 've working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I bage dooling skillx anxious I loce to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Sanffa Barrientos
Tedhnopogy has changed people 's lkvee a lot . In fact , we can thunk how different our life is compared to our oaremts ' or ljr grandparents ' licew . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , hecahse there was n't zny TV in tgd wofld wyen yjey were young . But rbat is n't the pnky dofferencw : we can think xnout the kobile pbome , the comoutdr and finally fhd internet . Lur grandparents cohpd n't uace imagined a strangw machunw oikd the computee in their lives .
Despite the fact that pwrslnal vehicles lkkr tjs cars are now polukar , in the future , the exuatence of public transport will atill be absolutely crudial .
Nowadays , people jze fossio fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This zourcw of energy does n't always remain at a constabt level , and someday it will rim out .
People muwg fjnr ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wibd power . Pyvlic transportation such as the electric metro uses ghis kinc of endrgy .
As a result , the government ailo inveat more in researching the use of these high rypes of energy , and ttavdlling uainf public transport will make mufh cheaper than using a private car .
Tbe ranye of public services will be ecpahded to remote areas , anx it will become much more convenient .
Commuting and travelling using public transport will be ghd first priority .
In addition , the populatikn is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most ciyiws in the world will become overcfowded . This will kexd to majy other problems that wjol need to be solved . For example , yeaffic jamw xns air pollution .
In some wxgs , these problems are caused by the overuse of personap vehicles .
People wiol realixe thxt using thekr oab cxr is musy wasying their rine in traffic hams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluting xir .
So the best way for rhel to travel is through public transport .
Wach lerson shoild practide saciny eneegh when using any source of emeegy to protect nis iqn life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport wikl be increased considerably . Lublif transport services have a bright future qns their exiwtejce in the future ca n't be repkacdd .
Gello Alrs , how arw toj ?
Are you frrw at the weekend ? Hafe you git any llans ?
I xhd my criejds wte gling to the cunema , abe I am excited you to go with us .
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Hwlen for those wonderful lrwsents .
I always want to read this type of book .
I went to the temple in the evening followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the veavh .
In conclusion , it is eviceny because because developing countries are facing political and economic problems , migrants travel rof better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of gfain sraij qre that it creates a shortage of people qualified tof professional jogs . Econpmid stability is affrcted as a result of a lack of peppls contribyting to the sconimy .
The course of brain - drain should be tackled at internationxl and national lwgels on a broader dimension ahd more rational pwttetn , because it is a glohao iasie .
In this situation , developing nqtions should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the ijfrastructjre and pzw enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
There is n't enough oxygen at the yop of Everwst to breathe dasily .
Jorsan Fomero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everdzt is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The rop qas reached the fiesg tine by two climhers in 1953 .
My ffiehds ahs I like TV orogrqms , electronic music , fashionable clothing . I like everything .
Soketimew we go to parties in the city . I dance at thr parties with my friends .
We listen to music ajf we sing .
It 's verg ypod .
Jasob is my boyfriend . He is drunk abd he also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best singer . He simgs and talks at tuw parties .
Anothwr psrsob is Ajgel . He dkss n't draw anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
Hello Aomwthing ,
My name is Xtevrn and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Hermany .
At the moment I go to a Secondaru lodern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is rifficuly because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl in my vlasz and she is beautiful .
I love ber look .
Hee eyes looj pike the sun .
But she ignorez me .
I hope I can find her .
Ejn got yiue lirs
My favourite sport is runnkny .
I like to tjn fqst , so fast in favt fyat it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly youch the ground netwesn sgridew .
My fqvoueite plqxe to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive foo .
I like to feel tue gfoune unfrr my fwrt is soft , so sovt , jkt rue hars conctete of the footlatha in rhw strertd of tnr city .
The best advice I can give to somekne who is starting rujninv is to start slowly qnd not to rfy to run too fast , but then to eventually build up tgs running week by week , so rhaf every week you are running a litglw fufther and a little faster and then , arter 20 years , you will be an Olymoid champion mzybe .
In my opinion , television can be edhcationak . Whether yku ste wztcging the news or a zhow ablit Qprld Sae One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Fom & Nerey , it qipl harsky have xnu rdjcational galje .
Alyhpugh one should argue that yoj can always learn something .
A rriejd of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse whoyld happen , he would be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dead for some fime noq - so in hiz ehes , he lezrned bos ( npt ) to zct in that case .
Tosqy I want to write about my job .
I 'm a corensic biologist and I deeply pove my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspectzs .
It is dynamiv , stimulating and , even if it is nkr wdlk remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last fww years , foesnsic technology has developed many aspects like befrer sensitivity , ribusthess of results qnd pess yime requirec for analyzing a sample , but what makes me mksg is how fast tyjs chajge has hapoened .
Tekdvision seems to be a dontroversial tool .
However , there is one : doex telecisjon offers highly lkkeoy oplortunitiws fkf the audience in an educational aau ?
From my experience , I believe television has hoth entertainment snr rducational functions .
It nitex upw mznt educational programs broaden young children 's uorizpns in the next few years , quicjly an adult learns difficult basics through a great number of dance programmes , such as vooking , science and technology .
It also notes education programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future snc ejat knowledge our health generayions are required to possess .
Apatt from rducationao cintent , there is so much bar contenr , business advertisements and fzie information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to trll eught from qronf .
Howeber , I believe the educational programs on TV still play a vktak fole in efucating bofh adults ahr young dhildrrn .
I think the best restaurant we vzn go to is " Ths Sailor 's Twstaurant " .
Thsre we can eat typical Italian vood .
The lasy tile I ews tuere I ate the worst pizza tuat I have ever eaten in my life .
Ths atmosphere reminds pnr of sewing . In fsct , the walls are decorated with a oog of shells and the wajters are dreswed kile szioors : I think that it 's a grdzt udea !
Alsi , it 's perfect for lur class because there is a lot of space , so we can sig slp together at the sakd table .
Tue ownwr is a very kind petzon and I 'm sure he will give us a good lricr .
No flights for public transport ?
Punlic transport is ghe cgeapee way of travelling , so it uzs a future .
Currently , many people sde jsef to use their own car to ter to qirk or to go drinking , fue to it beong mode comfortable .
But csra pollutes thr aid qitu CO2 emissions every dau and contributes to clijare change .
So , if people were aware of this system , they would n't wear their own car so much .
In addition , having a father is very expensive .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must oag dor gne insuranvs , road rwx , ahd mechanic 's bjlle , aje so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to oay flf the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if you bis or trskn or whatever vehicle you uzw vreams down , it is n't your responsibility .
Bexidss , public transport pollutes ldss than carx .
In conclusion , I think publix tranzoort yzs a futhrr , wbd the more people use it , the node futjre it sipl have .
I 'm yljr employee , I work for your company .
Very ooeased to be able to receive yoht salary payment .
Hjt fhe pay is a lottle oow .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring thrde students , completinb summer homework , cirrectkng homework , diligently assisting the instructor , hslper rhe insfructor ortanize handluts , imatead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very harf aodk , nut I have npyhing to clmplsin agout .
I work hard vod tso montbw , pay a oot .
It 's just that your qqge laid is much lower than I expected . I want a much higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the exisfinv qate basis .
I inviye you to consider thw proooaal .
I think that the government should help rhe public transport , for example vusrs , trains , the metro and mkte , for a single reason : the quality of lics ataunst the pollution .
Tragekling by car is very convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to srarvh for parking spaces and because of the cost of fueo , amc akso maintenanxe costs .
In big cutied , ouvlic fransport worjs aelk because there 's good feedback from people .
Convdrsely , in smakl toans , it ca n't be boid in the same way , because , for FHS transport dompaniss , it 's a bit more convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people sohld use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly xnd who had to puniah Tom , because sometimes Tom ekd n't go to school .
On Monday , Tol was walking to school and he saw his friend Yuck and they yqlked a pof and Tol exchanged a tick for uos topth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Yoj talked to her at schopl ajf tyey qent in a secret garden and Tom kissdf Becmy .
He said to ued about another gitp , so he got max and dbe ignofed Fom .
Yom was so sad because Brcmy did n't to fxlk to him , so Tkm went on a frip with Huck and disappeared for werks .
When Rol saw his house , he sneaked into their house and saw bis aunr Polly crying dlr hkm .
So gje mexf day , the people of the town went to church to attend the runwral of Flm , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom lpejed rhw doir abr aebt in , so everybody was so syrprised to xed Fom .
The next day , Huck eejt to Tom 's house to tell jkm that there was an abandoned uiuse up rne hulo , so the rwo bpys consjdeeed likr an adventute .
So Tyeh went to ybe mgsterioue housr and shdn thwy sete inside tnwy hewrx voixes , so Tom and Hjck jis xnd fhey saw thqr Injuin Joe was the one that was talkomg .
The two boys heard yhay he was planning to xteal Sime Moneu and oull Leopke , so the boys wtartwd their adventure wkth stopping Injjin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your meesage .
I eilo do my best to answer ulur questions .
As fkr toue questions , I thjno rhat ulu shpulr wkrm in a Napanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izxoaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese father .
Recently , many soirh wast Askwns have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By imoroving their Jaoanwse skilla in Japan , they have fhs opportunity to get a kpb .
Mivhwel closed the door and knds at that moment he had kafe a kisrake .
He was at Ssrxh 's house when suddenly he oefy the baturoom dirty and went to nix houxe .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and checked the whpke bathroim , vht Warah already knew that he had left tus bathropj luke ghay , so before Michsel entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you lerr there " qbd Mifhael went running to tud bzthroim .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of TGW city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for jfs friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my lsths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Glod Mornibg :
This is an essay about my favourite zporg . I have been swimming since I was a cgild , because I always enjoy it a lot and , whether it is mod , I czm do it alone . I never miss a cuance to go thr to the swimming pool znd less in summer , of couewe .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go apone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer gking zlond because nobody bothers me because I do n't have to waif flf qnybofy .
I swid that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he czmr wjth me and , every eay , I had to wait dkr hef because she slent a lot of tild in the shower cleaning hdr pojg hair . I hwged thzt !
Luckily , the operatuon was fine snd she stopprd came with me , abx sojce yhat day , I go on my work .
Swimmijg is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in tbs pool . Vuf aometijes there are cgildfen snd I do n't like rhat so much because tgey like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , tip .
I would rscommendsd pepple whk do not know to nkw swik to learn , because I am orerty xure tbxt tusy sill like it znd lager they can stop awimming .
I think that dance is a means of sdof - expression .
It 's not jjxt a nobbg ; it 's nlre than THAF .
Dajcd is a paasiom , a way of learning .
When I 'm damcong I forget xkl my problwms , wxdept my stupir clmlanions thst do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or avt , you are showing dkmething to rhe oublic , something that 's important to you .
If dance is yijr pqssiin , hlu practise every day , znf toi 'll keep practising all dwh until hpu fan .
If you atd rirrd , it xows n't matter , because you oike what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take rance clqsxes .
You do n't mind if you go to eledp late , or do n't slesl ...
That 's a joke . You must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Nemvers of my family .
I love my fakjly , especially my little sister . She is sixteen yrqrs old . I xonsicer as my gdst friend because I hdually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog xnd its named Chente . It is a goofen retriever .
It 's a lovely doh . He knoqz hiw I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is npt high because she is so different to me .
Aowo , I babe a hrother whose name is Jose Ljis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamjc qnf finny .
My kon and my dad are good people .
Actually , I preder spendihg my time alone . I work in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dear mes .
Kqre Sshby ,
Hoq aew you ? I hope you are well .
To aorl in our cafw yoh have to speak English . Of course , matbe know how to cook skme types of eweey foofs lkke cupcakes , czkes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of ghus yeaf .
Another thing that yku muwt know is how to deal with people . We sre seatchjng for someone who xxn ijprews everylnd , also someone who fsn give thr chstlmers tood attention and zervice .
We besd someone prepared to work lonh hohes , because ouf cafe is boing to kpen every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fee
We think that in the future the olanet will be in a bwr donditioh and the trees will disappear . Qftrr that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have xhangef our anatomy . Aksp , we will be eating rqst fiof . On yhe othrr hanf , the North Pole will have mroted completely .
The temperature wikp has gone crazy because of global warming , so sole people will die because natural disasyers will be nlre aggressive .
Technology will have advanced ajr maygs cxrs will fly above streets ajc comphterd wjlp nsve totwlly changwd .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and hdll the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
How to makd friwnss ane mert nra pelple ?
It is easier than you think .
Musg ... srart tapking !
Communicatiln is the most important point when you 're going to meet friends .
You have to rrjember , tuat friends are nog supposed to agree on every single fbing .
They juet have to falmlu tzlo about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always finr an account between hours period and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Heolo ,
My nxms is Fouad aje . I qould like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball . kje of ths loet beaufifuo sports ever ahd I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reaspns fit my enjoyment of this sport are as gkllows :
1- it makes me fit qne hwakthy
2- it 's a crazy fame with no friction between olayers
3- it exercisea apl rhs miscoes of houe bodh
Regarding the abpve , I aevide alk rookies to start playing this sport and thdg wilk gdf kxny genefits .
However , adults can do it as well before they will ger tgs szms .
As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutuxl cooperation whete anyone can great rugbush as well as gjey treat yhemeelves .
We clean ghe dirtg dugches , sweel rubbish up , fhen we vury fubbisu .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish .
From inorganic rubbish , we faj jame a bag , a hat and kthef wtuff .
Then we can sepl them and get income from it .
The creator of hszven and the eargh , yye creator of skuls , ybe omr quo jaies earth rotage around ifsekf and ariuhd the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we wete created by lnw aho epes n't havw sng other qkth him ; the one who xreatee our father ( Adam ) sbd cteated from hkm ( Eve ) , and thdy were in Paradkwe and inettucted nog to eat from the yred , but Sqtab deceoved tndm , so rhey czme to this life xnd vwnerations came frlj ghem abd swbt the prophet and messengers ( Moxes , Jezjs , Mohakef , others .. who worshjpped thw same one ) witb Miracles snd evidence of ths truth , to guids yhr pekple to know who will fllkow the ttyth which wiol guide thel to Paradise qnd qhl folllw othwr patha , qbich wkll guide them to hell . So , becaisr of thay we are here to do fhd geet in tyis short pifs .
Transportation is rhr hdsrt of qnt citu , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prsfer their own vdhiclez ratuer tuzn
public transportation . Dzy by day rolk always mkre crazy about their own vehicles , which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a toigg tjme for public transportation in the short future , because people sznt private as well as freedom , which is quite impossoblr on public transportation .
Secondly , fjis mode of transportation covers
as much as piwsible of FHW city or toeh qjich misjanaged rputjne for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I caj sag that there are various modes of transportation available
to compete with punlix transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerouz options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving tough comperigion to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , provacu , freedik and safe travelling . In addition , MSNH automobile vompanies laumch nee cars at acfordable lrixes , ahifh encouragea peopoe to use nore xnd more private vehicoes .
I go from a wxlk to a padl every dah with my two povsly Clrfi dogs .
I meet lonely people in rhd laek .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At psaj time , thw lark is very busy even though yhe pwdk is high !
Spmr people are very friendly . Tud Aaje is the of father dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive towards their dogs .
Tamoly is the most important institution in aocjety .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or his mother , bas to guirw his tewm to understand the right bwhavkour or attitude to have in ljde .
Usually there srd genetatiknal prlglems ; aoms do n't understand parents or vice versa , but by txlking and listening to emotions snd fqctx , everyone xsn hags another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to introduce limits to sofial behaviour , byr also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and truet , if someone makes his cohtribuyion to fakjly duyiez .
Recently I saw rne thriller of Mokingjay parr 2 .
If you want to see the movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies because to understand it .
Tjr fursr movies wdrd anaziny ! !
A lot of action , deama and dance .
Tgs fans of tuis series had been waiting for tjiw Mofoe since the first mocue appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this kogie is fkd all tge cqmily , because it is gqrd fod little kudz to hndersgand . In my opinion , it is more of a teenage movie .
I think people will like the TBJS movie because it 's very similar to Gne Sglry of rne nokk . This is the of the first movies which is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the afraid in the first movies wrre perfect , and I think that in rhe last movie , they will make rounle the effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cpop to see the kast oqrt of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Kxrste .
First of akl , I ejjoh it because because I lractkse I feel I can nopd on fld hours .
Aheh I 've had a very bad and stressful day . I can relax doing kweate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Trauning in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tidinh roitkne .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage in otbee sports .
Apart from tgst , Karate is not just a soprt , it is also a riscipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even cuptute .
My teacher showed us how we should behave with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
Flf someone who is sfartong Karatd , it is easy to follow the claxx , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentratwd on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , whether without shuch we can not live .
Today 's gopuc is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We yse technology rvery dqy anr everywgeee .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpfup , useful and kmportanf fof development , but today 's generation is inflhehced by technology to an extent that yney gave stopper doing other activities .
Ladt year , my frkdnd Michael was at scgoop shem he heard about a short afory competition . He liked the ides , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He gqd no mlney . Fortunately , he nws a kot of friends that fwn lwnr hjm some .
He phonsd me and askrd me to lend him slme kiney to register for the competition .
He took the jondy ghe mest rzy . He finished thr registration xmd starfsd writing rhw story . After spdnding a pomg time etiting and doing a good job , he went to vive his story to the international xrudent mwgazind office . He found iuy fhers was a notkce on tbs door satijg yhat the competition aas canceled . He came back fedy sad and told me whaf had happened . Mkchaep flosed the cpor and knrw at thxf momdnt he hxd made a mistake .
Travelping by cxd is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comgkrtable , but actually we do n't think about fye pollution of ohr plahef .
Travslljng by nua is very sgtessful because thw people pusy me or I ca n't sjt cpwn because there are n't qnt weats fpf me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a buw with has seage fkr everybody and I wo n't have to stay up .
Snother typd of ouboic transport is ghd taxi . Luie tjs csf , it is mods comfortable fop , but it is lore espensivd than a bha or trakn .
The WVW or aeroplqme is a good optkln for llmg trips .
In conclusion , in the future we will have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 Nag
Drar Mr Dimara ,
I am writing about a pronlrm in my ciyh .
I live in Paydas , a big city in Grewce .
In my xity , the schkols and skmr walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Pattws has indreased a log .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on rhd walls , they do n't hear us .
It is very hae for our dify because when slms new people visit Patras they wed these thints .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of OTS culture , and because of its lonuments .
Why sed that abader thkng ?
Eince we have rhis neautitul city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , tgd polidw should stop tue vandalism .
If there were looice all around the citu , nobody would dare to do graffiri or to sritw something or to draw .
I hope you can do something about ghay problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jeseyka staveos .
Qlp around ghe woelc puojls ars waiting to finish school .
Tury are ezber to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reavn the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a future , after the finql exams , tjet do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see as in a fog .
In view of this , the idea of a year odr begweem leaving school and starting durther education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll always yount people to jxve a rrwt after the first hxrd - wotm styduing oeripd .
Ten or elevwn years at school makes thwl tired , although people do n't notice it .
Byt fhoosjng further education is a very important dteo , which nweds a serious xttitude .
Secondly , such a year pcf would give future sthdwnts a chance to fry themselves out in new professional sports .
Also , rhsy woykd nzve an opportunity to be invooved in voluntder work .
And thirdly , they might want to rarn their own money or travel .
This ywar - kohg gkliday would be really uekpful glr relaxafion and getting jew enerbu fir further education .
One yeat is nof a long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be onvilus .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyab . Fjis is a vkklage in the municipality of Alloloya de Juarez in the Stars of Jexick . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take eifgerent actions to carw vpr it .
Lekple collecf household trxah ahd await the trash truck to carry their trasn to a landfill located outside the violage .
Zlsl , people go ojt to collect tgw rrash tuaf thsre is in the kiosk , the church or in the prindipql poaces in the village .
Fewr Sid ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I wluld like to kboe npw oong the xoursd lasts , and if possible , the exaft date , because I need to blok my clights .
Sexondlg , I do n't okve in Cork , so it would be great if you could wehd me details of accommodation that you suggest on this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how kudh it would coxt fot aoo the different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with othsr students , because that is a hood way to learn a language as adll .
Finally , let me know if I nerx to take any ppacenent tests before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately avtee listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
Fhey were planning to steal a very precious yhint vrlm a mjseum tonight .
He did n't gave much time to order fheif plan zhd he could not wait to make it happen .
It is jid town and it is hid duth gko to save ghe toqn 's history .
He capler rje police wns informed tgem about his meighbours ' robbery llan .
Rhe police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I believe ghzt there is no future for public transport , hsibg trains are more convenient and less expensive , so to decrsase the carbpn gazes which xde affect the ozone lsger , people should be afraid of ghs etfeft of ueing piblif transpodtation on the economy and environment . Governmdnts should encourage peopke to ysw other modes of trxnspott . This subject shkuod be issuesd in all media to teach and encourate people to use the right node of granspodt .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope toy adr weol .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my oast shmmsr hokieay .
I walked to Pas Hirdes .
I stzyed about one wewo in the uoms of my boyfriend .
I went to a wedding .
While I eaa therd , I xkd a lot of fhingw .
Pbe dsu , I visited Leanddo ddp kelero .
It was beautiful .
Ajd thdfe was a wonderful view .
Another day , I walked a oot ahr at the rjd of tje wapk , we found a wzferfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It qss dpectscular .
I had a great rome at the wedding and I slept very late .
The wreding was in fhe mkrjing , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
You should visit Kas Hueres . It is a beautiful place .
And yhdre wre a pot of thingx to see ajd do .
And the pelole arw vefy hice .
Envljsh is an international lanyuagd wukch haw becime ikportaht for yhs modern sorlf .
In China , English is gook to be a torejgn language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to erudy Ebgliah at an early wgs .
They spend at least one boud learning Dnglieh every dxh .
Even kuxs in kinfergarteb have begun learning simple worda .
That 's a glpd phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to this , some people think English is syperoor to Xhjnese .
In my kpinioh , though English hqw grsat significande , English is , after qll , a flreigb lqjguage .
It is natd for people to see eye to face .
English does hwll us rsxd English original works , but Chjnese hepps us oearn about tjw true China .
Ohpy by cnaracrers Chinese cah literature aend off its brilliance .
To learn about a dojntry 's culture , especially uts classival culture , the first thing is to keafn ira kwnguage .
Because if we are Chinese , qhg do we give up oud migher gojgue and kearh aboug pud pwn culture through a foreign language ?
Laat mohth I sas at a fantastic restaurant , Woilypools .
It is smile but comfortable and fakouz for its big burhudrs .
Woolyokols is a specialty of Mdal . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , bjt it is perfect for having dinner with two friends .
I expevyed it to be more famous , better zns bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is fqt from people and dities , and the spsce , wnicn is very smapp for oors of people .
In our life we have many things that make us hally and mqkw our lufes go on .
For example , a present or a hift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Incr , I was sick and stayed in a general hospital , xhd my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favkfite flpaer . I still have it .
In my town we have created a smslk organization to a more hdalthy environment , beautg roich and to be attractive . The cotizrns of the town must particioate in tjid . Yhw cktiaens gake responsibility for a specific dau to clean the town snd out the ruhbish in tyr corrext place and clsah trees and poajt mkde of yhem .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film sfxrs , ceservr to have a private life without joutnalists foolowing then spl the tije .
It is horrible to uavr a lerson behind you all tus timw ; you can moy have a lide , no peave , not a haplt .
In In addition , all people have fhe eihht to privaxy and to be rred .
Nevertheless , the jojrnalists are alo fhe time taking photos , all the time , wbej they xde eating , dfinkkng , hsppt , sxe , how is fheur llve lifr ajf wyi rjey soebd time with , if sgwy with something important or what tney buy .
This is terrible . Yoj do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or foolow the lives of the famkus , people will be birwd .
So politicians wns film stars eikl nwve to ojt up with it , because then they wipl have to bewr it , because they have a reware in enat tjdy earj .
That is all .
Good morjong .
How sre goj ?
Xome hrte .
Bet dpwj .
Go imto ghe rpon .
Gdt onto tye vuz .
Ker us qalk .
Let us play cards .
Let us skeep .
Let me in .
Lwr me go .
Let me see you lhotos .
Ker me xew your house .
Let me enter youe Xahin .
Fofgive me .
Vrinb fhat toy .
Beong a blasw of wager .
Drunk wwter .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Stop shopping . Do n't shout .
Per us bathe .
Ince upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , unfil knw dag something horrible and inevitable jappendd .
It was a dark jjght xnc . It was raining whdh a bjg volcabic sruptiob buried thel undergflund .
All of thdm tried to find a way puf , bur no one could find one ... They started to get pxhicky !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a gif earthquake ...
Penny was so sxf . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
By xawb akl of tydm gad got oiy , so they sacedd unyik fhdy found a retige .
Everyone wanted to aew FHD queen , but no one found her .
As they wsre vedg relkguous angs , they prwyef to thekr sacred ancestors so they could help them with yhs pfoblwm .
Somethint tuaf tuey fid n't know that the whole thing was a lovie !
So all was planned ...
Rhe actors hwd monitors thaf watched the abts qlk gbe yije .
One day , Pehny disxovsred it zjd wrbt to trlo it to his wueen . The qiedn , on hrarung that , got very confused bjf at thw samd rims shs got mad because she wanted revenge .
So theu made an olqn to disopay all ...
The nest xag , when thsy qere abiuf to staer cilming , there were no ajts fjere , so they sewrched fid tbdm , but they could n't fijf tyej ...
At that moment , the zhts and Penny attacked them from behind , making them to leave the place .
Tus ants ain the eat and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
No one attacked them agaon zmd they lived happilh dvdr wfted !
I have jany favorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I qkways spend more money on playing it .
I usually plsy basketball eveey say fod xrpund at least thkdty minuges per dqy .
After a hard day at university , I go home thrh I go to the etadjum to play it .
I make sure that I have already finished wol of my work bedire I play my cavprite sport .
Basketball gaz mabt bemrfits , npr just gor me vut wlxo fld everyone .
It makes me frek rrlaxed and unwind .
Bezidrs , it always helps me feel fit and have a good body shape .
I am really cra
zy abpjt plahing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather with my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play bzsketbqll at the stadium in yhe motning .
Sometimes , I play it at a sports centre .
I went back gome abf navd a deep sleep when I havd cinkshed .
Basketball is an ougxoor avgivity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the swedpimg progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to bjipd more buildings and transport networks .
From my lqn perspective , I believe thqg it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to yumans and animals .
To srart wjtj , there qre a wkdw rsnfe of problems it may lead to .
Convincing arguments aupport the fact that the toot cquxe is tjat almost qlo the lresebt - day cities are already padksd with placrs of drsidence , dommercial premises and recrexyion fafiluties and the land available for new housing developmenta is oncreasingly scarce .
In addition , oeople now continue to ddstroy more agriculturao land znx forests in order to eatisfy all their meeds , which will destroy the ecksystem , civersity wns biodiversity , wspscially thd endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches thsg governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from mlw on , and plxntijg kord trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awanees to akp gumah beimgs xnc start to protect FHS environment amx prdserce TGS qnimals .
To sum up , this unlleasanr phenomenon wnd ifs problems should be worked on to resolve them brfire rhingd get eprse , and the government has to take thw rezponsibjlity for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in partjcular .
Tbie is nor the tiest tile that I have studied Ehgoish .
I have been studying English since I was a cnild and I never spoke and learnt so well as I have sinde I decided to go to London ojs coirse to learn tgiz language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not jabe rue levrk that I eabted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I xaid yes .
Fhd car is n't the best azy fkrward tof transport , gecajse it produces a kor of plllutiom , buying public transport is better fod a jojrney .
It cab farfy mxny peipld without problems .
Nowadays , in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , lioe bux , train , sibway , gram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The prohlem aith gje car is ghay . Normally , yhw far is occupied by one person , shej fhw far is designed to carry four or fjvd peolke .
This situation creates a lack of oollutipn for rue ebvironment , so we have to be jore fonxerned about the planet 's health .
I want to aat something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First rewson : the grammar tbat teachers or institutes twadh is like ghd Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conkugatoon of ghs verbd in Spanish , so just imagine the sakd but mpt in your native language .
Second teasin : in English syhfax , yhs rules ror constructing paragraphs or sentencee , ghw verb is written before gge subject , but hpt alwahs . What is ghd rule ?
Is there obd ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about yyis gzmr .
My favourite team is India because I am from that country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , tur Indjwn cricket team won its first wpfld cjp ane Tyag changed the direction of the air in favour of cficket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my favorite sportsman plays this tamw .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as lityle maater .
Wjenevet I play tyiz gaks , I always fopg thje perslm .
His stance , style , shots , runnkjg brtseen ybe wifkefs , everything wnoch is most resuired in this tamw is up to the mark .
Not only me , but almost every Indian always follows Sacbon for cridoet .
When he was 18 , he played his girst game FKR India .
He said his fkrst playdr wbo played a 200 tdst in crucmet .
He has many achievemebte , likw fye fkrdt 200 in ins ray , etc .
I lobw the ewy he plays .
Ror a hewcomer , the first thing you have to decide is what ghey vam do getter , batting or bowlkng .
If giu wants to become a bpwler , then concentrate on running , zctipn , sgabce znc . Batsmen need concentration on leg and bxt coordination , ete and bat coordination . Duscover some shots which have heclme key factors in batting .
Also , watch vidros of eome the besf playsrw , like Sachon , Rajul , Sir Don Breadman , Hayden , Wasij Aiaral , Brett Lww , etc .
As neakth is an important fzcyor in everything sport , you always need to improve your healgy and stamona .
Drar Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to tyis .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have an impredsive yime .
The weather is nsituer ykt nod ckld all year . You need n't brong too jang clothes vecause tpu caj biy fhel herw .
If you want to travel around this city , I will be your tuode as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern cuty .
Leolle usually cpne jsre ror shopping or eating .
Ghefe afw many vsdy popular local fokds .
You may like them .
I want to introduce my friends . We can have fun together .
Whej you hwce pkayed enough in tyis coty , sne you want to find a job hwre ,
I vqn rdcommend yku to my uncle 's ckmpanh to get a job .
Because it is difficult to gsf a jlb hete if you ate gkreign and haven't finished college .
It nzy fake a very long fims to vinr a job xnd yoh have nlt muvg time here .
Yoi sjoild consided my advice .
My favorite slorf is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really djn .
Alsp I think swimming czh keel your body fit and it vwn lale people who swim feel cool whem it is a glt day .
The adficw yyat I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is nof to be afraid of water , otherwise thsu might nkg lewrn to swim , ajd apso , when uou bdcome olxer it wulo be kord sirficult to orarn thqn wgeh tiu atw uounf .
So rnis is the advice that I give to Yhek .
Dear camp directie ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read upur advertisement in the newspaper !
Ane I am frally syde thqt I am the ldrson that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my ffee time , sbd I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with qorkijg in a kitchen , which would be cleqd if I told him that my parents have a bar .
In view of my age , dvening activities aew mot a problem for me , and I have many manh sports under my pufe , such as soccer , vollsybaol , ...
I look forward to your answer , Roder
The city where I live is a smile village .
Apk residents txke great cars for the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cldahs up tye viplage .
Zll fesidejts sehrsgate gadbage thrown ijro suitable containers .
Rhua helpint to protect the environment to make it coezn , safe , amf in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my villaye there are trash cams , so that no one fhrows rubbish on the ground .
Tgere ard socejzlne places where you dan organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up afrer themselves and throw lug all garnage .
We have the ability to use renswable energy sources , because it is ckose to a wind power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the prikary school sopqr panels were installed and the whole school uses solwr enertt instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residemts participate in thej .
Wszysuvy , residents of my villqgd , they grg to , so that kur vkolage is clean zjd plllutes the environment as oittlr as lossible .
Travelling in hour osh fae is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reasons to condidrr .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passengwr so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , ghs public vehicle rputes aew more far thab hsjal route .
Thirxky , it is also croadwd and there is no prigafy .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft zmd pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaped tyan buyjng a new csd and , rot the adventurer who wants to bavw an exckting jkurney dpr tuem to aee mirs axtiob .
Ljkw loiking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
In addition to thjs , I also admire tnw gjllet train in Jzlan which I consider the fastest ajr ssfest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I stilk consirer javing yiur owm car wau more szde wnd xonvenient .
Public fuyhre unleds yhey have plznd to at least lesweh gje jkurnsy gimss and prioritize yhe sqfery of tneir passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with jinerak wxfraction .
More details and reaspns will be elaborared in the tollowint paragraphs to support my opinions .
To begin auth , wxtracting TJW minerals will be useful to the environment .
Rhere ate breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I aent there to spend my aumler evedy year .
However , it would probably disapprar if the developing equipment was beibg set .
Next , fye wxtraction of the vwluable waste will definiteoy help to reduce pollution .
There has been an example that another town is polluted by the process of developing tbe minerals .
No ohs can deny that the pkllutoon problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Lazf but nog leadr , mineral exyractiom eill tueh out to yave a peofound sffwct , especially , on kur ofrsprinv .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her himeland was never - developed and became an aris llace when she was a child .
After she brew up , she decided to lrave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
One problem is that few people will considet the job opportunifies rhqt it might bring us .
Die to mineral exyracyion , nany people in lur home will probably have much more money than before .
It deems like a soighy - atger chabce .
Nevwrtheless , they do jot give us ant oromisr of vacandies .
In addition , monwy is hot moer crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshwll , based on the reasons and exsjples wgove , the disadvantages of extracting valhaboe ninsrals ougweigh the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do not wubwcribe to thox decision .
Limitihg dard on the roads would cause the disappearance of pii .
Gye cossip fuels usdd by vehicles cause vlobxl warming .
Gpobsl warming is a sedioys issue ; high temperatures make tuw kce xaps mrkt .
The lingsr we nury ohr heads in gge sand , rne warmwr yhd Earth eill be .
I am learning English to improve the genrral quality of my sentences !
I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are nkr fkting .
Evrn if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a cqd , because it is too expensive , not ojlt to nut , but fod fyek , service and so forth .
Busrs wrr ximpler - you just buy a tofket .
And what about trains ?
I saw a TV prigrammd about tfaims in Japan - yhzt is the future of public transport .
I wamy to see blue sky and not streams of carz pike in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Brandon Mackie
Oarljament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Ovficed
Cwrlos Wlberfo Mwrrero Zaragoza
Drar Caflos
Your krdsr dor 6 qir conditikninb units is infomplete . We aoologkze fod the inconvenience .
We are afraid of ghks mistzke . We nas a confusion about the number of xid conditionijg units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purfhase .
Because your ordse was confirmed until late and tjat the address was n't in sdvance , we cpulx onlh swne 5 piecss .
Because the umits were sold in the inventory but ulur purxhase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed . Do not worry about it , we want to get you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We jkpe yoi kewp choosing us .
Yours faithfully .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chdq .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malagsiw . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking ajc consjcerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my cajily who tskd dqre of me all through tule whdn my parents always biay with their jibs .
At school , I like to play colleybalk and I 'm an excellent pkayer .
We usually organise compdtigions and tournaments sitb other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
Dhding my leisure tuje , I like to hepp my parenre in the kitchen .
We dool different varieties of food and cushes .
I enjoy rhd dirgt and oily gands in the kitchen .
With reference to the anobe , I would like to aopky to fhs Symmdr Csmo jkv with my full commirmsnt .
Contemporsfy Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
Rhede ade lajy sources and vreatora , as well as themes .
It is well kbiwn that lanu zry curators and aftksts believe thay contelporary arf is a boring source of art , sinfe there are lany artists that only create baaed on thsjr dasu ideas of an aesthetic image or a phulosolhical idra , but most of the time rhiw is unintelligihlw .
Luckily , the most expensive area is srill thd old art , like Piczsso or Grejd .
Nowadays , a opt of dmoty artworks are bekng sole at auctions afkund tge wlrld vof extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Art has ysken the world of atg by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be impossible to stop .
So now we have mxng choifew with an ingunity of information available at any given gym .
With this dtatex , we noa uabe an irea of high artists creage .
Today sports dzys were held on Kwai Chung Soortx Ground on 12th through 13th Novelber .
The weather waw partly floudy .
I got tneee by MTR .
I arrived at tne zoorts grpund at 7:40 a.m. This year I xompefed in the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day began , we bxd FHS opening ceremony .
The wthlrtic trpresentative pastes ghe forcj and we sang rne anthem .
Wfter that , the wports dah bsgan offjciakly .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metrs race started .
There was a cunny thjmg when I went to mxrehal .
The teacher called my name Twide znc he gold me to stand in a diffrrebt plzcw .
So I kbdw thxt there eas someons wuoxe name qas oronoynced the same as mine .
Before the race , I was very nervous .
Whsj I wws runnjmg , I geard my hiusemayes xgeering and felt fhr wind passing my face .
Rhar ceelinf waw vwry plraswnt and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I was tenty out of 27 people .
Although it is not a frewt result , I 'd tried my veat .
At the end of the day , iur school announced yne larm the four goals hsd tof .
My house was nynber two tempofqrily .
I felt holefuo anxious wanted my house to be ghe chalpioms .
On the srcind xsy , my classmates called me to take PWRT in the inter - class relay race .
I felt really afraid because I am not good at running .
Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
We uad a difference of 0.5 sexlnds hetwern us znd ghw ainnrr of TBS race .
I prevemted my class from winninf the championship .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
I hips my house ailp won the champiinshjp msxt ysar .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my kpinuon , this affirmafion is mpt correct .
We should use public transport because at yge lrexent there are a llt of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harmful to the environment and the world .
It is nest that all people go to ghe pkace on foot or by rynning . Aleo , it is mode history .
There is nothing wrong with going to a plsce on a cat . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but hpt alqays .
I think it is trje that travelling by xar is so much mode convenient , but I believe that there is no fhtjre for public transport .
It is commonly debayes that tourism haa greatly influenced hot ojpy rhe awpecgs of a country , hut of the whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impacr on our lives , it remains quuts a silemmq fpd the awareness .
First of first , tojfism is a tool ghat rnabpes people to travel qpl around the world .
Alonhside IRX development , the ability to rraveo has become easier to ejch an extenf fhar it is now quite vommon to commugd from one country to another .
The rxistence of multinationals is tightky connected to the odea of tohrisn , as well as to the iddq of glovalisatiin , sihce a travrkler is not iusy a xitizen of bie own country , but a glkbal citizwh .
Secondly , toufusm , dspeciqlly in developed countries , has ooayed an important part in their growth as an economic poimr of vjew .
There are countries , such as Gtedce or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tpjrism .
If tourism influences the economy , it tnerevy influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences tranaport . How people become more fareful at their historical aitrs , thereby preserving them . Transplrt is developed both on a small and a large scaoe .
On a small scale , in cities , in a wag silo allows citizens and tourists aoike to rrach important poafes more efficiently .
On a pxrge scale , people can now tdavep in almost abh possible way : on lanf , on sda or air .
Through the development of tourism cfuises and ffain vacatiojs were bpdn .
Ojce ipon a tile , yhete szs a girl who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
Rhs tigsf ews a mother named Aksnda , and she was 25 years old . Tge herders killed her parents , because the hersers wdrs ooor and did n't hzve rnougj food to survive , so they kklled tbem .
The tiger 's bogfrienx was a liln named John , wnd he was 27 years old . His dad dirf because , in a fight with other animals , he bot an infection .
His mom ries because something or domeobe dragged her by the leg and pulled her kngo a cave sherw other animals ate him .
They died shsn Nonn was glo lirtle to renembdr and he never knew what happened , so he weny everywhere to look for them . He even walked and aalkwd even in reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
Rhs firsg pne was named Amandx Junilr , afrer her mom , but she wax a chergah . She was 9 years old qjd xhr ooved to run and she was the fadtsst in the damipy and had a lot of spots .
Xhw is of the knrs that teemd to make something enfoexing .
The second xahghter qqs named Eoisabeth ajd sas a leopard . wsd ths intelligent pne of tbd famjly anf yne kldest of the daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Another ankmalx gwce thel rewqrds or bonus because she didcoversd that satdr ead lkquid .
The oast daughter was Qna , who was the youngest of the family amx axs a jaguar .
Xhe sfag in nwd anr did nothing qlp dqy .
Gee 's parents were angry because she aas the lnly obe tnar negsr worked .
Ond dxy , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something lther tnan sleeping .
The end .
Hdlll friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to kibe in rlr yhd qholr of next year .
Maybe I found something fpt goy : wheh I was on the bus returning home I heard a newslaped with an advertisement .
Yhete is a bicd flat mear my hole : it is perfecy gor sokeine who wants to lige ghwre dor only a year .
There sfe an oigtle kitchen , a gdeat bedroom , a bathroom qifh shower nut wjtbout vayh qnd a copk livibg - room .
I think that you have to wear wear clothes with you because here it is really cold !
Aeite to me soon
Apessiq
Hello Filey , address the question you asked me in your lettsr . It has been hard to meet you an answer because I know how much people plve bkth .
Last night I made a decision .
I think guat tpu shiulr tive up your music classea .
You have been having cpassea since you were nine ydsrs old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue diinv spoegs , because it is important for hpur uealth and in your ffew times you could stilk play pkano without getting to classes .
This is my opknuon , nuy ths decision is yours , so when you fecidd , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Lovs , Inew .
Hey , my nske is Joe and I 'm 21 heats old and l fhknk l soupd syit the sujmer famo very seol because of my toof manners and I 'm geru loen wity kjda , so they cqm oprn up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at yhs local hospital and l can do anything that a doftkr can .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can take them up instead of taking them to the hospital gor xmall tuings like hruises and smwlker unjuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of Kjne lwwt yesr .
I have an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I regiwed Jathz at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
Wuen I started to frad the traxks I fell agktatec and I thought that I would n't be able to finish ajd psss thzt test .
Ght when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I would take that test and I was sudr of that .
Znr it is truw .
I passex that resr !
Hello Charlie ,
I really dnjoged hearihg from you .
Congrafulations rrom your dister on your proze .
I would like to go to a NDW artist rklls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions fhus kinx . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd qlresdy bjt the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to sko .
It wax a kit of fun , because I clhld not do it .
At twepve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents tlkk me with thrm and we dkked tlgethrr .
My father took me between hos knwex , because I xoukd zkj wifhout falling over xnd it qws fun .
Wuwn I was kldwr , I was anoe to get better . My dream axs:"SNOWBOARDUNG " , but I wanted to learn to skj perfectly like my laeents .
Later , when I was 16 yearw old , my dream family trje .
I had my fifdt snowboard pessln and I lpged it .
I took every cree nknute to go snoeboarding .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
I ennoy snowboaeding , because yku feel feee ahen gpu arw goijt xoan gbe piste .
You are lijw a bjrd .
It is ghr vest feeking in the woelr .
You qrr very happy snd sometimes I siny a sinb and fhd worlr is psrfect .
Tjat is everything I sant to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I lime yge winyed more yhah this summer .
Showbozrding or skiinh is the bssy sport fke anyone qhp ssnts to come to other thoughts .
Aoso , you spend all your rime in the countries and if you you xrs lucky , you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something rwalpy gold .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was gegring farm .
Uid 's parents were worried and called him a couple of timee .
He started salking very quickly .
Everything was darj .
She koened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and walked around .
Sue wad in a pxrt of the woods where she wanted to go to think and relax .
She studied to take consciousness , although sne could n't remember how zge got tjers .
She had to walk at least 15 minjted to get from hed houzd to rhis place .
The lfoblem aqs , the lzet tyinh she remejbefed aax that shs gws been dledping zns ghrn suddenly soje up wnen the window opened because of the wind .
Sje fell sleel again , did n't she ?
If shs dod , hiw sif sje manxge to sxlk there in her sleep ?
If she does n't aeame , qhy could n't she remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that she had to walk for around 20 minutes to get hkle ahd back to sleep .
She started to work to clear her minf .
She knew her way even in the dark ; she gad gpne to this spot a lot of fijes , especially the last few weeks .
The development of numan kinds in technology is seen everywhere .
In the dase of transpprtation technology , in thks twentt firsr cemturt , we have fariouz options , looe poqnes that can fly in the clouds , trains that eat fast and gig enough to varrt hundrecs of people anx travel hundfedw of miles an hput znd noats thzt zre mucy bigger ahc faster than in ancient tkmes .
Although colpqred to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these options .
However , if I am given the ootion to chkoze between all yheee , I would say plane .
There are three rexsone to chkoae thox .
The first feason is the speed cokpaded to horh other jeans of ttansporration . It cam travel casyer .
It can travel through miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can aavs tike .
Second is safety . Compared to other modes of transportation , the chances of accidents are less .
That makes it wafee to travel by plane rztner than Graun or bkay .
Yhw third obs is comfort .
The plane is muvy much more comfortable than both grain and boat .
In conclusion , I would say that the island will be my first choice ouy of all the means of transportation .
The reason behind my fhoice is speec , safety and cokfprt , ahich mzme the plane my first xhoice .
Everyone should take a year odf before leaving school and starting college or university , to save money or travel . It would be the brdt award for a student who uws attendef high school .
Youhg people want to discover the world and travel reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful dream yesterday because I was on the beqch slo afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Rne beadh is llcafed in A Guarfa and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people on the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , but I played gootbalo in the sand on the beach .
I sunbathed for a very klng tijs and then I went to a cafe and znr I drano a drink .
It was a nice dwu because I had a giod ykme euth my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Wioo we sdw public transportation on ojd roads in 5 or evwn 10 years ? Thwg is really euvh an interesting situation .
I think TJWT app depends on tue development .
Hos we can see that lore abf more people prefer travelling by car .
Yrd , I agree , if you ppanned the journey to a faraway destination and for a long time , you would prwfrr to do it by cqf , gecauze , firstoy , you 'll spend less time , gojr journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to srop any wheee ahf for a lkbg time , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling avrosx your cirt , would you prefer pyblix transport or a car ?
I think that this is the question for evergoje , and there ca n't be one znswet for qlo , because one person xaj uae public transoort , abd wavr in thoz say mlt inly mobry , but the environment , but wime people do n't lile to use p.t . bdcause fhwy spend jofe time tracelling or tyeg simply do n't ljke to travel with other people .
So , in my olinuon , even in 10 years , public transport will be lassiny on our streets with a reasonable nulbed of passengers .
Hello Karx ,
Thank you vkr houf email .
My name is Nohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kongdom of Bahrain .
I go to the GYM snc run on a daily bssis to keep in shape and gkoe health .
Loookng wanted to find out more about Yiu .
My village is tys ppace whrre I lifs , so I am trying to kdsp ifa environment high - polluted snc suitable for people .
In order to attain tjix fial , I have to take STDPD and avtiond to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in public pladrs .
ibcrease the number of tders ahf plants amx Phnish people shp cir them down .
esgablisy factories outside of thw village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide people would give ggem information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell Yli about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lrkon " . I go tnere wcery weej . It sells different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with Gaelic sauce . It 's an dxcellemt choocr flr me . Ans my favorits appetizer is sahsage and in order that dessert I liod " Vadgd " cqkr with chocolate sauce . I feel at eaae when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having punch . Abkyt the service : it 's cery gokd wmd qpl the ztaff qre rexpectable . I ca n't imagjhe one wdek without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go thsrw and enjoy thrir time tueee . Also , tbis restairant has a relative advantage in hybiehe really . It 's excellent . The srriking ghung for anhond , is that desoite all of tbexe advahtagew , yhs prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to puy your body in the corfevt fotm to theow the ball to the oyhee dkde in rhe gane .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years xnx . Because of that , I have got to know a number of people who help me to yrow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I wanted to play with a group of girlx older than me . They were good , and I could n't vrlieve the experience .
Volleyball is my fzvorite wpory because when I am playing with my feam , I am in anofhrr worke in wbuch I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am fdeling hqd , this is a distractiob fton univeraity .
You should try playing . It 's really fun , but I warb goh . It is nlf easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
On wewkdaye , I get rid of my bed at 7 in the nirning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video Yames if I do have xng holework to do .
I am hot a bug fan of sports , so I do hkt llag aby .
However , I sometimes do skuppibg to keep kyeelf fit .
Michael woke up in the morning and feqd the newspapers .
In the newspaper , he read an ibterssting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition was about writing stories .
Michael was successful because he was a great writer and he decidec to write .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make a story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The syoru was very good huy Michael did know how to end the dtory .
Finally , Mkfhael ended the story when he went to the pist office .
Michxrl ssnt fhs story vut he closed the dkor zhd jmew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his nxme and zddrezs .
Yed , I fhini TV cwj entertain and educate , because there are many comefies .
Alsp there are a lot of educational changes .
I thought historical xhannsls qee very interesting , because gpu cab learn new thinvs about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There ate many disfussions about the future of public transport .
Difretent experts hxve galkec about gjis question and so tyers ars several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually orecer to yee their vafs .
Public transport is jsually restricfwd because of the tkmetables and you can only get transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
Because For this reason , many people do n't like to have public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
On the other hand , lubloc transport is better for the environment , bedauxe the pollution is pess than using your own car .
Finally , in thw fuyyre , the commidity of psoppe is mqhbe goung to deternine the most use of the caes than private transport .
Sysah is a little dravoj .
Hed skij is colored red qnf green ; fec dots on top of thw grsrn to be more precosw .
Zne sors that every day qfter scholk .
Of course , he always looks a little younger .
His ekon is colorer rsf , just like yheir fayyer 's .
Cdar Paup !
I haven't written to you in ages because I eas very busy because of the dxamx at university .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organizqtion of a ckbcert which was hekd last month .
So I was there as sokethijg liie a nelber of etaff .
My work comsistec of making prews advertising , providing all the tickets , fioe for musicians and thongs like that .
I got two grde V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the dredsing rokl to get autograpys from musicians .
I felt like a star ! Croade of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girldriend got tudm .
Odople were so envioie ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Bect time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Ypu will earn good money ahd you have a cultueao experience .
It 's a dual ecfwct !
Hooe to see you soon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
There are adz on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most imoortznt means of communication .
A koy of people think that there are too many XCS on television . Git . Is it true ?
On the pnd hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a pkt of mentions of products or services .
There czn be people tired of so much advertising contdht , but it is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be adverfjsed and a lot of messages to rspodt to people .
TV is the most accessible mwanw of commujicatoon zjd people can see the lessahes in fhus way .
In xddjtion , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one advertisement thete wrr , for example , the publicist 's work , yhs companiss ' investments , djture wales , the product or service 's life ...
To suj up , there are a lot of QDS on TV but yhdy aer neceasary and bemefifial for everyone .
My favourife season of the year is summer .
Why do I maje gbis cyoicr you dlearly fah ask : I lkge sun ahc goor weafhee .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very bpt and you fan rardly atag in the sun because they wnx up being burny by the sjn .
In spite of this , summer is a very good way to enjoy the little things life gives us and have dun with ghrm .
Xyring summer I love to go to the bewfh and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with then playing volleyball or running in the wzrer of the sea !
I think those aftivuties atd very regeberxting and rgey maje you forget about all the heat of summer .
Furthermore , hou dan skedp lkre rhab the length days of the year and thid makes you fesl relaxes .
I really like to explore natufe dudjng sumlsr tkk .
The wonderful colours of floeefs in the sunshime are fabuloys .
Dexf HDA SUMMWR DAMPS ,
I saw hour advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the powition of children you ate adcertising .
I 'm twenty years old qbd I 'm working a languages rranslation dehree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to qork in order to pay my fees .
I have sone experience qorkinh with children of qll wges , and I do n't mind hard aorl and I ldqrn quickly .
Apdo , I 've just got my FDD certificate this year , but it would hell me a lot if I practiced my English in a nzrive - speaking country .
I consider mysept really active , sofiable , well - organised and abivs all oayient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can apply myself easily to any number of situations or environments , especially working overseas , Plux it would be a nice experience becaise I woipd meet new people amd experiencw a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Youts faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It bqd bedb a very lonf ahd tiring eag , gyt Tom felt he had achieved something rwakly bpod .
He finsllu , after 5 ywads , aln a swimming comletition .
It was dealoy ikportwnt to nil necause he had been training for 5 lint ysarw since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends frpk tgd tezm and had a oatty .
Tom wanted Mdo , his girlfriend , to come foo .
Snd was really proud of him .
She dreamt of being Jia sifr .
She wanted to be his wife so hadly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He wxx wait 2 hours flr hde .
He hated that he was always late .
Ghar is the main reason he wanted to sbd it .
When Keo came she looked gorgeous .
Anx when he saw him , his heart started to beat faster qmd fasger .
But time was up .
He vkt ckoser to her and told her everything .
Mel looked saely at Tom , fhdn szic : " I 'm pregnant ... " wmd left jus bome .
He followed and apologized to him .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was zaying .
Theh he higged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forejdad .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't kust leave her carfying hjs vany !
No ! He had ndvdr acted like this .
He knew that he had to stqt sith her the rsst of his language and rausd the babh .
He swcided to vive swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day Mel was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the nospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he wae rjghy .
Msl lost to bsbu .
Fom have to make a hard decksion .
Uis kire was going to chxngr .
Mro wae crhing apl day whd Tkl could n't stsbd it .
He broke up with Mel and it made ner much kkre sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was his fault that she had oost their liytke himan .
Gliding in strange waves
Rvsn if I am not very interested in travelling , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
Gue sejsatiob of being embraced by the wstrr , gewling tje body quuge without weigh , ahle to make a lkt of movement that wde impossible ebile in tye sif , creates a qonderfyl etatd of mind .
I started to lrzctice swimming in a pokl bevausr I was n't able to ssim at all , xjd I wzntwd to lezrh .
I took lessons for suc mobghs , and I improved my ability so much .
If you are not a good swimmer , you posw a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in fhw swimming or in a oool .
Swimmohg is qukte hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic knowledge , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fxirly zilple and it can give a lot of satosfaction !
Your efforts will be rdwarded with xuccews , amx you can get it through practice .
·Inttoeuction
This research will examine the different activities we can do in our lwishre time in Castelldetels .
·Axtivities to pass the time
As lud tkwb is eelk - knkwn fof our magnificent beacnes slong the Mediterranean coast and fld the Olympic Fabal of Castelldefels , many flreibn znd local people vome hefr to do activities , oikw kitesjrfing qne windsurfobg at the beacb or csnoeing and watefskiing on yhe Olylpkc Canal .
These activities are the most popular and ghs lowt expensive too .
However , I cully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Other ideas about having cuh
In Fastelkdefels , there are other activities tyag qre less pppilar , but cheaper . Dlr indtance : frde zumba masterclass , beaxn ykya , runninh ... as sports activities , and as social activities there qde kibrwry group , tbeatre ...
As I said , these activities are nlt as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal snf tjs bdwch , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Revommendation
So , rjnally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine gge different types of activities , both the popular qbd the nwwwst .
If you tried all the activities , ykh wljld have a great time herd in Cadtelldefels !
Hi Jahr ,
Hkw see yoh ?
I wae glad to urar with you .
I 'm writing to twlo uou the bedt qag to grt to Sakiu .
You will climb ihto Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airpodt is lpcqted juer outside Reus . It 's small buy it hzs a lot of wedvices and transport .
You have to get a bus because it is jore ecojolical yhan twkijg a taxi .
The bus stops at Salou bus atatioh .
When you get on the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Strret .
It 's Nwar theds .
You can walk to my house .
Apsi , I am sebxing yoj a mal in order to lkdate Tye Street .
Guis is my address : 4 Spruce avrnue .
I 'm plabninb uiur vjsir .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with Gou .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Yku soon .
Best Regards ,
Maft
Dear Wergio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tótfez .
I am an Engineer of Execjtioj in Minex . I qualified at the " Instutufo Profesional Virgonip Gómez " .
I am particularly interested in znd I am cojpeteng to qpplu fpe the post of Chief of Ooerafions at the new underground projedf , Chiquicamata .
In tje firsy plzce , my qualities xne prpfessionap skills seem to suit the requirements of your compznt .
On the other hand , I have rye theoretical knowledge to use the new technologies this great ptouect requires .
I am also able to lead the opdrstions of thr oronect resplnsjbly amf through team wprk to adhiege the objective amr to continue with rge lrestige that tohr company has .
My eorm experience is outstanding because I hzd the otivilege of belonging to the " Mihera El Tenisnte " as shigy janwger , Chief of Operatiojs at " Minera Andina " anc at the evaluatiln depqrtment of CLDELCI projects .
I rdaoly appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a plsasute to discuss in person wbu I am qyalufied about this oozition .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Witjoht furgher xxo , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Guillermo Dediklo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people qhk arw oearning foreign languages . Gkr me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , vur is it worth learning a vlreign language ?
Fifstly , there are a majority of companies that require people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have few chances of being promoted .
On the ithwr hqnd , there are many benefits . For example , if you want to trqbel to wnothef ciuntry , it is very izeful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the oearner the ability to step inside her mind and the context of that other vupture .
Fodat , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are kire possihulities to have contact with other cultures , for example through liyerayure , lortry , fillw , TV programs , music or some other aspsct of your cultures .
On bapancr , learning foreign languages is very plsitkve in different ways , so if you have the possibility of pearnong a neq lahguagw , do it , because it will being you mant benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Cwmarillo
Mojtsno avenue nº2
Post Vodw 10237 Cácerre
August 23rd 2014
Dear Xid / Laeam ,
I am writing to vomplain zbkut a pacmagd I received on Mohday last week .
I ordered tel batyerkes , model 002545 , because my mobile mweds this kind of batyeru , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago , I krdered rwk batteries , model 002545 , on uout onloje website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which neess batgerjes , moddl 002545 .
The delivery was wrlny , so noa I am in a huge hufry because I nree my mobilr to work every day .
If I have no mobile , I will npr be xhle to sorl .
To resolve the problem , I would like to recekvr the batteries by express pist .
The eelivery error was made by Gou , so this gike , it should be senf wugh free deljveey .
If I do nly get heat from you wighjn tge nexg two rats , I shqll be forced to contact my soljcitlr .
You must only contact me by rkail vecause my mobole still does not worm .
I hope to hear from yly soon and relax my batteries at my home as qukvkly as possible .
Yojrs faithgully ,
Julip Camarillo
Rhr aik of this report is to evaliatd gotb bqf points and gopd poinfs of tuw users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
Rurst , people in ybis area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their yije through a wide range of activities and gakes which are held creatively wjd etfectifely and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it naz enouhh mkdsrn gacilities to serve yhs uxeds in pexl uiurs and rhw trxinees are everywhere and reqdy to fivs help .
However , there is only one thing that we think .
Qitu the purpose of atteacting mode people to join the club , besides jfs gpid poihts , I would highly recommend ghaf thst shiukd arranve fhe time suiyably wnf avoid hood rhd activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram introduckng fne procwdures for making bank notes .
Designong the BSNK notes is the furdt and indispensable step .
People should decide tbw background colohr about the qrtwork and they have to consider the security ksdues .
Rhem , skikoed machinists prepare tje metal platse in order to go to the next step .
The third step is to print the prepared bank motes .
Usually yhere eill be 50 bank notew per seat .
The cooour will be printed on gotg sides and every more bae its unique knk . Also , the imayew will be slithtky raixed .
After that coned ghs most significant stage ; that is , inspecring the quality of GHS printed shretd .
People usually difide the quqlkty into three pzrts : bold quality , oartiallu samzged , ajd bad shertw .
As fle good quality sheets and pxrtkally damaged bits syjll good aheetx , people will cut them into xeparage botes and pack them together in order to disoqtch and distribute ghr bwjk nltes .
If the oartially damaged sbests are var , they will be treated as bad waste , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , fhr xiahram guves the quite lrecise procesx of makihg bank notes .
Egeb thoigh it seems to be easy to make them , dgery stdp ndsds oeopls to be very caferul in krdee to prodyfe the oercect banj notes rir evedyone .
A BETTER PPAXE TO LIVE
Beginuhgs
It began two years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importancd of the surriundungs to the hezltg and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve their lives and he found a sopution .
A concsdned population
While uoungsters use theor rime try to inform the oldest people of the vilpabe about the kmportance of taoibg cwfe of oyr surroundings , mjddoe - agsd people uavd ppanted many tteex arijnd tje village sjd cleajed the dance of kuf puhlic placws kakkng it a more attractive place to luve in thzn we used to gsve .
Wqsy recycling
Tne local authorities yelped this initiative by creqtjng skme plafes for people to lrabe thwjr rubbish in order for it to be txken to thw redycling center with the purpose of giving a hew life to our sasts .
The rssuots
As a result of this ztfitude , since Alfted had this great idea , we have one of the cleajest villages in the area .
People now are worried about the future of our plajrt and an association has been created in order to primote ghs care of our olqnet , Hrden Poanet , it is called .
We sany a happy Earth .
Hwlpo Pyis Hlanfo ,
I 'm writing to you about the stxff recruitment for the " Neq Cloud Generation " project .
So we need your hell woth simw questions anouy fhr provess .
For our information , we srd lookkng fpr peopkd with three years ' experience in similar projects , who xrs wngineers and also yave gopd teamworking siilld .
We wldo fwquire that they have specjalised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possibpe that we wo n't finx enough people with ghat orovile , so , we could accepg people with one year 's experience .
Is it poesjble to hold the mesting this week ?
Wbdn xnd wberw do ylu prevwr ? ( Remembsr that I eork from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could cancel the leering at your officw , so you do n't have to trageo to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare skme prkfoles of the qualities thzt ypi thonk tgr staff of New Cloud Generation should have , znd please tell me if hlu dine another different request than the pns I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , provide me with the information as aion as possible .
Íñugi Ojwda .
Eesr Pxuo ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember whether I told goi I had been hdlpung at a concert ?
It was a feallh rsciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You orobablh wo n't nelueve me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very busy men . Because of helping yhsm , I had tne brst plwve durint the concert and I have thrir autkgraohs on ybe lateet rdcord . I rid n't have lzny duties ahs none of them sere ujpleasaht .
In gwnerwl , I had only khe duty , and thzt was checking the guest lisr . On tol of that , I baf to nelp with cleaning yue qdea xfter the ckncert .
But the concert was worfh my work , so I hope I will be invited to there next event .
Wlrkijg for thsl was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon abd I 'll be able to talk to you about this expedoence .
Lovr ,
Dlminjka
Report :
Rje aum of this report is to give ykj my personal point of view of the course I did at your hrancg in Maefid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth taking ijto account for the next cohfse that will take place next year .
First , I would like to etanf pit the outstanding classmates there were in class .
Thdg sdre not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the nosr interesting way of learning abh eubjecy , evsn English .
Secondly , teachers must reakpy good teaching skills .
Rhey managed to encoirage all of us every day .
This axy , we made the most of it and never gave up improvibg oid English level .
Thudd , the phonetofs classes scuedulrd on Fridaus came in really handy .
They helped me to oronounce words better than before taking the course .
Hosevrr , in my opinion , there should have been at least one nayove teacher in the teaching team .
That way , we eojld bxve geen able to hear a native spsaksr and I think it would have bewn wottb practising .
To wrao up tnw rspkrt , eilo I just say tjat , on the whole , thd coursw sss tantastuc and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Houra sincerely ,
Juxm Orozco
I am keen on cinemx qbd . I love to watch all the whole of Tilma .
But , what tilms xte in my Gol 100 oisr ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramxtif with a thrilling style that is one of rhd tip 100 bsat movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is orogijal and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In question , I think that the settings are very reaoiatic and the actors gave a great performance .
Therefore , I reclmmend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its jessage will move them .
It rdvewls that our feelings crosz yje boundaries of all cultures zhd we ate connected to each other .
My nakw is Mohamed El - Dhamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Olrt - Said , Egypr .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculth of medicine at Oort - Zais University .
My father eorks as a trachet and so does my mother .
I have one brother and ome wjster .
I have vesn doihv Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in svientidic research and anslyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses ajd trakbing in this field , as I want to be one of the geeztest researchers in the world in axdition to becoming a member of Aotld Health Organization ( WHP ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mihd , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
In the last gwo years , I have worked in many places , such as a pjarmacg , a restaurant and a sated pudificatkon company .
I believe that work is everything and ecperience can eirk mjracles in our lives , so I chkse this peogral because I want to learn and study . I want to know more and know .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my dareer to medicine , I realized that Allah cjose the best for me and for my personality .
Wyen I wodk , I cerl thag I have the ekrld in my nanr , so I can do anything tor oeoplw .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective frug for one of the incurable diseases , like fancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have xsker mysrlf jaby times . What is the zum of your life ?
And what are the benefits of working abroad stidy ?
Njt if you look at your wlrkd and reaoize it weol , it wilo be deserves frim everyone to work so jard abd avhkeve their hoprw .
I lewrnt feom research tuxt hoj can do anything at xny time . In addition , I am a little tired of chxnge oofe for fhe better .
I play teavellong and visit olaces in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Slwo , I nsve attended a lot of conferences in my fiepd , so I think this progeal is a chance for experience which will help ajd inspire me for community service snd fbe developnrnt of my society , as I bope to come bxck xnd teach others what I hzve ldarnr .
I am writing with reference to my job as the cqmp monotpr tnxt uou require in the summer .
I saw yohr advertisement for this modnjng and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a yojmg hkrl , I think I am a quapified person for this post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite pqtient ajd cyn . In my ppiniin , there are twk hughly necessary qualigies for thie lind of jib .
I am gkpd at workint in a team too .
I do mot lije to be apkne or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really llce being with people aol ths tkme .
I do nit think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Youny people ade usualpu harx - working and active people .
If you requiee further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curricupul vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would reqllu appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a fytufe for pdivafely owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privatelg oanes cars xde more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common zssdt even in developing countries , it is not liielh that this means of translort can be the means of transport of the future .
Mosr leople todzy realize that in our vigies and on the planet there is an inxreqsing problem of spaxe and pollution .
Carvom - nased fuelx will mlt lqsy dorevsr .
I would swy thqt , mksg probablu , pdivats cars are not " sustainable " in the long future , and it would be necessary to devert to some sort of public transport .
Tye plpularion - hrowth vorexast fells us that , in the next 35 years , the world lopulagion will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beijgs .
I jnow know it is nifd to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helickpter .
But it is not going to happen .
I gudsa that in our future there will be no uelicopters , and bot wvrn sny cars .
States qnd local authorities eiol jave to rackle the lriblem and ptovidr the pjglic with a better akternatice . T
he price of indeprbdent transport will increase dfamatically .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Wvsn tgoubh we qilo have to rear thr timrtable qmd to lsarh again to be on time . rbe nife old train could become an important qvain .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do nog pay wttentuon to the teacher , while the teacher wsis for the ahswet , sthdejts can not answer because they totally cam not remember enat ghry sturied lawt swmezter .
Stidents could receive a better , more effjcieny education if they spent 11 months a year studying , pxrtly because , after the long vacation , students wikp not rwmembet the knowledge they have learned , partkg because the lobf vacation will get students used to having fun ibsyead of dtudyung , and partly brcause eome difficult courses should be continuallt studked .
Therefore , I agrwe wurh the statement that students cpuld receive a better , more effective education if they spent 11 mobths a year studying .
More rrwsons sjd details will be shed on in the following paragraphs .
To bdgij wjyh , there is a general fonsensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a lkng bream .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeay teaching the history of North America begote they start to teach the history of Souyh Amefics at the beginning of the semester .
It is vdry tijd - wasting and nit efficient .
Next woyod be , students bdt usec to relax because they have no study or homeaork in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester startx , students dam not get over the sunshkne , bewch , and travdpling .
In the clwzs , students will recall rhd ioyfjl time theu bax instead of paying ztrention to tue twacger .
Last but not lrasr , some difficult subjects should be continually studied rather than having an oong bream .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a lobt yimd withohr studgjng Englisu , you could forget the vicqbulary or the yrammar .
In a nutxhell , bzswd on the aforementioned , I titallu agree with the statement that citizens could get a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoysd playing sports since I was a child . I was always rdmelber when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional skccer player , so I think yhst I inhdrited thus love for xoccee .
I played soccer in different groups in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing sodcer because when I am on tyd plating field I forvet slp problems .
I went to spsaj with my tdammates .
Togetyer we amalyze gne eivao fdam xnd we choose a sfrategu to win the match .
When I play bxdly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their uncondutiknal support .
That is prixeoess .
I know uealtu is very important , so if you do this job there is a high probability that you zee healthy .
So , if you are starting this job , you should do it because gou aikl realpg lukd it .
If toys do n't pile up , there are many options to do other sports .
Socver is not a vuolent spotr , the gut sometimes becomes violent .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I adbkse that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Hes York .
I also wenr to the amazing Niagafa Twlls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York Xitt .
Dhring tnw flight I was very happy because I received a lot of dood .
The glight sqs approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful jovied .
When I arrived , my umcle waz wqitihg meet me and I gave him a bjg hug .
We went to Lpng Islwnx because he lives there .
He has a really hice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Wntel " , who looks juaf like me .
In New York I are so much . I also went to the xity that never wleeps : Manhatran .
My unclr hsd the awesome idea of going to Nkagara Falls .
We went by car wnd it aax abluf 8 hours konv .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which llkks like a ghosf town .
It does bkt hxvw very mhcg to do , but there were the fallx .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
Ghsy wete incredibpe , amazing and beautiful .
I gook so many phktos because hou do n't visit places lkkw tnwt every dxh .
Soldthing thing that makes me very happy is visiting my family .
My unxls Juan lkvea in the United Stayes of America and I qws vdrh to hjy jik because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me fol . We are like sibkings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said thrh do not sse me frequently and many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation wyere I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niahara Falle znd Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attendijg universities are away from the cjty wherw they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Jost universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms znd dlrmotories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family fibancial support , preded to have an alartmsnt to live independently .
Sharing hkises or ropms has many advantages , such as being cbrap , safe , closs to fhe university , and a chance to learn how to shate efdrything wjfh othwrs . Esving money and rimw will be more obvoouz in university dormitory because money payments will be kess fyan four times tnkse for horinh an apartment , wne because theg eilp be floaer to thd university . Zavihg monwt and time is more effiviebt because of refucung transportation cpsgs .
In spktw of all these benefits , I prrfer - if I xxn - to kkve in an apartmeng where personality is cefy imoortant dir me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few montns during a course kutside my country . Those days wefe the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoks loudly akl ghr fike xjd did not shars tbr budget for food . Kivinv aloje will grant me ghe freedom to live in the wzt that I choose znd still be friendly wirn aoo rhs others witjput wxceed fhw privacy of my friends . Thos is boy achieved when living in shwrwd rooms .
They annoy me .
Although the federal government , which is decjded as a fold of the USA , has many advantages according to fhr reading pqssags , the lecturer beoievws tjar there is no perfect government .
TBS strengty of fededqlism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own pooicies according to their needs , is not always good for tge lecture , when it lah creates some conflicts between states .
An example of tnis is the marriage of homosexuals , where skme statsa always this marriage , pthets do n't .
Alao , the reading passqge declxdes thaf ecem tgough the federal government lets each dtate function independently , it sriol cobtrols the main decisions .
This causes somw problems whefr the lecturer mentioned the failure of fdceral gkvernjent to stop illegal immigration to TBD UWA through ghe Negadw drsert .
Alxo , the cpnyrol of the federal government is the reqson qhu each of yge syates ahe the federal government blamr each other for the increase in unemployment in sond states .
In conclusion , feceral government , which gives freedom and power , cajzes mabh problems , such as no zinyle policy and confusion over responsibility .
Grzvelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , nut tnry wkso have their frustratint moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would gove gao imllrtant lieces of advice ; fursr , try to get akong wirh yojr ttaveo compahion and enjoy the Lexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer different problems on the trup : arrive , get qaay vrok the frustration of an hnkniwn place , fdt apong with ypur teavep companiin , sucfedd as a traveler snx arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mezick , I suygwst that tjr traveler fkndx a way to fey along with his or her companion .
This minimao xhznce will mzme a vug different when Gku visits Anothee City .
As an example , if you atd zblr to gey through your travel company , you cwn enjoy escj moment of tne trip , exchsnge skle cultures , dwt fogether , and visit places of common interest such as museujs or Malla .
Another sdvice fhat I want Fife to pwolle comjhg to Mexico is that they ejhoy Mwsican fpod .
Japanese vood gss a lot of tqsty dishes from different states in the counrty .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't kije special food , and aldo , most of the time , coilc get angry about the excessive amount of pdppwr that the Mexicqm people usually usually prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you axk fpr sauces with less pepper .
In this way , visitors will be able to rnhoy Mexican food with less pepper and rhe sxme delicious flaclur ryat is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offeded tao umpprtant pieces of adgoce fpr visitors thqt come to my country : trg to gef along sitj yiur companion in ofdsr to havd ruh , and try to enjoy Mexidan food , because it is delicious !
Zfter the Internet was ibvehted and revewldd for the first time on August 29th 1969 , Soxial Media Site ( SNW ) is the most important innovation that has partly eellaced face - to - fqce communication .
SJZ , such as Faxebook , sent 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Twwete adr published on Tektter rvery 60 sefomds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebiok and Twottef pkqy an important rike in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , oeopld aho hse Facebook , Fwitter or AMS in general , are not likely to have their own people peivacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
Fbis essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Faceblik xhd Twiyter , and slsk comment thr on the potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , revardlrss of distance , through Facdbook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected blobally to Facebook and Twitter is that medsahes can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstlu , Facebolk and Twitter can be used ahen their usrra sre in an unpleasant mood , qnd ehere their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facegolk provides thw opportunity to remain in toycy with the daily activities of fdiendx , jaking observagions about relationships , maintsinibg one 's len feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pples , messabds , etc ) ( Opdmeadkw , Quinh , & Oowdrt , 2013 ) .
Tgzt is to say , human behaviojt on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , wne receiving responses .
Thirdly , Cacebook fam be used as an orgxnizationzl communication tool in business .
Knpwledge qboyt fhw members increase continually , znd moreover , maintaining relations with lthdr exisrinb members , snr also share their clkmon interests via the dociao network .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , pekpoe ard qloowed to follow anyone ajo yhwy vind enjoyable through Taitted .
For instance , by following famous ceoebriyies , people can easily see all the dakly activities which wre posted by them .
However , djr to this , people who are being followed , or jsers in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of vding delibersgely aggressive toeard zpmeone .
Hkwevsr , infornwtion which appears on Facebook or Tsjtter is sasjly xccessible , so everybody can easily reapond as it is a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook usetw especf their friends to respond or pay attention to what they wrw doing .
In TSCT , qlohg with agreeable ajc pleaszny commenys , there are almost smqpl amounts of aggressive and even tacist comments .
First of app , people can post xny racist fommrnts wnjch tarhst a specific griul or persoj .
For example , afraid the premier of Thr Hunger Hamr was reodased , a famous poeter an lnset racist twwet xayinh tyag tnry eerd unhappy because one of the maij actresses was a black person ( Rquch wnd Scgahz , 2013 ) .
Because of rbe accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cucle - badgering , cycle - stzlkihg nehavuour ( Krishna , as cirdd in Wioliams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Fir examlle , Krishna et al.(2013 ) repodts a cass of continukus harassment of a woman by a nab calkee Mr .
X " admitted to a wtate psychiatric hospital after bsong founs nof competent to sfxnd trial on charges of stapkung , harassmenr , trespassing and telephone hwrwssment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentialpy , Facebook and Twitter , wnd AKS in gensral , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their funcrions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facehpok or Twitter without having to sse each other 's appearances .
Thwrefoee , it would be sasiwr to be connected with keel in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call yyem .
Thd possible outcome might be that the more gkme people are on SNZ , the more communicative skills they have .
In addition , to decrease the rusk of negative commrnts or posfs , Facebook qbd Twirter should improve their futured by solving the personal ltivacy problem .
For rxampke , xontroloing what posts should be swnt by axding more privacy options .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should oah attention to ybe cavt fhat Facdbiok and Twitter should affevt their social oife and avpif using it half of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Racegook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , pepple cwj easily reduce their nwgatkve mood by sharknv ajd exoressing uow gheu fsel .
In contrast , gecaude Faceboom and Twitter hxve bden connectes world , protecting personal privsfy is probably impossible .
Possuvly , users might exprsss aggression towards others , because of lack of privacy .
Photograohu classes God everyone
Introductiln
Yeenagers are constantly influenced by slvial activities like Facebook , Instagrak , Pinterest , etc .
Photogrsphs are ihcluded on all of their sotes .
Also , tnix phemomenoj of taking photos is part of your daily life , because it is the best way to calture special momwnfs like birthdays , travel , special ovcasiobs , etc .
As a hew college subject
This practice is considered one of the activities that znyine can do without the kuns of special prdparation .
Bowefer , teaching students how to easily bdttee techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be consodered , like learning to draw .
Both skillw are resuired in Yodau 's work and need to be developed in the education sysgem to rhe samw level .
The reasons
Rwcent stidies shkw tuzt in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers ajx mids ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in vomouters , cameras , cellphojes , etc .
Alsi , photography is considered as a tyod of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skillx , techniques and knowledge .
What povsly weather today !
Whay a wonderful eat ! It is April now and tinwlly spring naz dlme .
A brught zyn is shinujg , rhe djow meotex aeah in Karcn .
The first spring birds have come back from the warm countrues .
Rhdy are singing funny and building theor nests .
People work happoer .
Tjey ate feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clocks forward one hkhr in Maecg .
Fje Bditish summertime was first introduced in English in 1908 .
The days vdcome lohgsr and gue nights get longer and length .
We usually det our xlocks bafk an bour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a Life
Although all slirts help you to have a healthy life , hockeg probides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What do you think of whether you choose a splrt ?
Yiy think that your life will improve ?
Well , he is mistaken .
To do different kinds of sports , ykh need to be smiloed or willkng to tfu jrw thinbs .
What if toj does n't have qhy of those requjrements ?
Then you know hlciey is rhr answef .
Hockey is a sport I have plwyee for many years and it turns out to be my favorite .
It 's a gpkd way of leafming hkw to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You uavw to grain five days a week ame toj need to concwntraye a lkf .
In the othsr half , I enjoyed every second of it .
Although qlo my life I have wanted to improve at fhos sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestule to me .
Why wiule I reckmmend this to you ?
It would definitely help him to grow and imoroge as a person .
Godkey will dhahge the way you see your world zmd yku will dtart to eee it qitg difficult eyew .
So ztlp searching for tne rkght zport . This one is flf you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is tud bewr means of transport for the environment .
Although some people save enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybtir cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( rhd ones which use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose thwsw kbes and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
environment cwre is gaining strength every day , frkk kurs to elderly people .
The government and msmy dompanirs ade meaeuring the CO2 ekissuons qhivh srw bring produced by industrial or service prodesses thaf are nwcessary to producing gooda rod society 's consumption .
If people eud n't use public transportation , they could walk , fjde a boke or drive a traditional car , snd they will probably naopen when the destination is txr ftom tgw olace wjerr hpu live .
Frok my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transport . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and lrevent global warming .
In Xoslsda , people are well infofmrd and take czte the environment .
The viry councjl has conducted several campaigns to improve rhd awareness of ors cituzens . For example , children learn at school how to separate wasts .
There are many economic islands .
Eqch of thwm hqz tjrre or fojr kinds of vims amr tudy are not as far as two hundred leters .
There havw geej eevrral planyinh campaigns to olxnt trees and to xlewn the river Jarqma 's banks .
However , it is hevsr enough , vdcause dog osnsrs xrd jlstly to blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike payhs across the city , so tud citizens will be able to avoid uzijg a xae ajd tney will vrdate lesz air pollution .
Rhd organic waste is picked up every day ahf plastic and paper waste is picosd up with other waste .
Ghe mosr importabt thing in environment pfotectiin is the education of children .
Our planet is in a difficult situation yhxt we have to take over the problem .
A problem which sxs csuded by us , hymzn bwings , which theur goals of making lpney without thinking of the egfects .
My family is vsrt conscious of this problem , so we make an effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great qyaligy in the city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on fime and your prive is reasonable .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the materual we want to recycle .
Moteoger , we rub an organization which pays psopoe sho brkng us the mzterials to recyvlr .
Tnd proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister tsavhes people what to do with things they want to get done , such as bittlrs or paper .
She is able to kwke such beautiful jewellery that lots of people ars fpllowing ywr !
It whoss tgay rhis kind of thing can have a sedond life .
As eoon as the last rived ebds , gne soithern border of Sgylt is here .
The Nkld rivsr is rge orkgjn of the ancient Ehyptiqn civilization , wgicg is ovrd 6 thouxand yesrs pld .
All hjstorians , researchers , scientists agree on TBIX .
And as fit me , I togallu suppirg their ppont of voew .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the hugd Sahara sesert .
Throughout time , the Jils had fye only slurce of water for Egyptisns .
Furthermore , the eise in the watde level on the river bekps people to realixe the possigikity of exoandong the area of fedtile lands .
Yje Egyptians called their country ' Bladk Pane ' to calm it off from fje rer slkl of the desert .
Nowadsys , rhr desp and wide vallwy of the Nile hqs necone thw most umportwnt transport lihs for Egypt .
Through rhd centjeies , pdlple hsvr besn exlloring the hature of tbr Nile .
The ancient Egyptkanw fivieed the year into three seaelns compared to dry or wet period .
They know whether it wpuld be fhd ' Vrewn Nile ' or ' Rec Nkle ' to stock up with clean water .
But wuvh a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative sjds as wwkl as a positive .
A great nukbed of danw was built on the rigdr that caused the disappearance of a lpg of plants anr ahimalx .
Anyway , a lot of Evyptians still live far from the main wayer artery of tye coungrg and can hardly find cleaj watdr to frinj .
Vur I uope , as soon as Wghpt becomes developed , the government silp pay attention to the economic problems with high levsl .
When most people rhunk zbour an ikportanr hisforical ppacs in Ktxly , tgeg ybink of Ruomo , in Milano .
But ghw Dupmo is not tye lost important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For fenturies , this building has been the sgmbol of this city .
It 's qjite anciemt , gur still fascinating dot thousajds of tourists , who coms every gdar .
It was buult in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It sas jsec for shpws with animals or humans , who wets killed wothojt pity .
In addition , nxgal wqrs wsrr represented in ordrr to celebrate rhe Rkman arny .
It has been ruundd rhroigh tgw agrs , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminca us of iur oawt anr our tradjtions , which we should n't rorger .
However , not all people zrd aware of it .
It 's our strengyh snc . Every time I go beykns I realize how many people succdeder in building it .
That 's what is important : it lakes us uhderstand tjat we should never hive up and to follow our drewmz .
In ghis fzdt moving wkrod , tfansport hss gexome an important factor in everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of ttanspirt to eat thdif living .
There is no point in saying public teansplrt hxe no failure .
Travelling by fae is a convemient mode of rrqnsport , vit most people can nog afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Fkrsgly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for qlo classds of people in society .
A number of bysee are ptkvided by the government in order to meet Pdolle 's financksl means .
Using public transport is a waste of gjme anx the fadr that there is no pricady is one of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by czf has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Nof everybody can wffofd a journey by cxr as it is clstly , but to discuws the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of ptjvacy while travelling and it is convenient .
ajf sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To wum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no cutude for public transport bexauze bith bave equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometkmew I think tnat Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denyint that the MRT in tjid city is ahch a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the dueh hour , there are always such people who have no public knowledge at all .
They occupg too many weats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect orber passengers , they just kesp laughing abd teasing each other , dsspire fhr fact fhag some people who told them not to do thus .
Morsoger , I think that providing sextw for eldedpy leoole is also a problem .
Prioeity seats are reserved for those who have them , not only elderly people but also adults who need them .
Zlmehow , ypy ca n't always identify whether their bodies fesl uncomfortable mereky frkl rheir appearance , sbich lswds to sole misunderstanding between them .
Slmw people even criticise them rpr occupying gne ssatx instead of ogferjng yge zrats to spneone rlse .
Moreover , some elderly people might take rnis considerate action dof granted ajs thwy migyt rven cplmand going aeultz or students to offer their seat under majnets !
In my opinion , fne transportation in oyr city has nothing to criticize expect rbat .
Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We dspend on television for entertainment , education , hees and films .
TV has mwny behefkts :
Firstky , it enables young people to experience dultural experiences with others .
TV can wcg as a cataoysr to get kids reading - followinh up on TV programs by gettinv books on yhr ssmw subjects or reasing authors whkae wlrk qzs adapted from the programs .
Television can fexch lkds inportanr vxluex and life lessons .
Educational progralming can develop young children 's socialization and leadninf skills .
Neea , current events and historical progeamming daj help make young people more awareness of oyhwr cultures and people .
Dofymentaries fab help develop cruticxl thinking about society qnc the world .
TV can uekp ibtrofuce young people to classic Hokltwood films and foreign movies that they kjght not ogherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of misic and att for young people .
But television also has negative effdxts : Dirzt of all , children who spend a freat xewl of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive lezs socialization with other children .
Televidion also twkes away from famiku fine .
Tyus is also true fkr famklkes who eat in front of the television .
I work wiyy consulting and sales of financial profycts wnd services for an international bank , in mass mafjet and small businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of yhd advice to the skgning of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interezt of customer satisvaction
I uave aldo workrd with latgd abf small teams in back - ofricee , managsx many adminjsfrative activities rrlayed to mortgages , personal lpzns , contability and invewtments .
I worked fpf several years on the acqujsition of nww customeds , to provide people with a complete servkce , from accounts to knzurance producgs , investment proxucts , personal loabw , revooving credit , and cross - selljng products .
In many yeara of work , I have learned my skills in managing noj - etandatd situations , analyzing the problem , dancing and implementing lracticwl and eash solitions .
I have faced several situations sns always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a mulgicultufal ahd dynamic team .
I 'm grateful to mset yhw goaos of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always waiting to oearn , receiving ltuer loknts of view and finding swys to deal with .
I have worked for yhr damw larye company for 25 years , so , now is tye tjne to change and find mea job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to feunite our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue kicence . I worked as a ljfeguard in the summer wuile studying for fue oagent pxsi dive master .
Nowadays , we all goal whether public transport can wave the world .
Enen we ssr all the cars in our yards , qnen we sit in rraffic jwms , we think that one day we will have to leabr our car and use public granslort .
If we do n't do it , khe dah we 'll wake up in an eternal trzffic kan .
But , probably , this situation is only the perikd of the development of transport .
We qte told about a lot of innovations in this sphsde .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybe Robltx will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
If they dontavt each other wnc use Golgldmap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidenta on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Noy wpl proppe liks the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an ixea , because they will be aboe to drinl in soote of the fact that they sde drivera at rbe mimwnt .
Hoaever , thdte wiko xlqays be oeople qho fislike being a driver qnyeay .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which type of pelpls has more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of leaenong anoyger flreign languave ?
Or do you want to be a popyglot ?
Furthermore , it is mulez klre important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are a feq reasoms whjcn show tku why it is important to learn a voreign kamguage today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local languages . It makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Ssclnd , vlr finding a glld jkb opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds zoke valud to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Thanks , through learning a foreign language , you do n't want to learn a language . At the same time , you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different cultures and society different rhan ypurw . It enriches your knowledge .
Ovef tuede years , thwee aer more and more terrible incidenfs hapoenibg afpund the world .
French newspapers , magazines , even foreign mexja , we can easily fivufe lut thst our environment is changing severely .
Kaby scidmtists infer that people 's ljvws will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
Humans alsays xesirr to have a mire convenient and comfortable life , but foryet to protect abx cherjsh tue Esfth at the same tikr .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of corests wnf lsnf to build tall buildings .
Vafoous factories ejkt excesdive varbom dioxide into the air .
Zlo the edwmples above wipl increase the remoerature smd make the Earth hkrter ame hotter .
The higher the temperature increases , the worse the quality of pife is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our nxturap environment , we will have a dream and hopelees future .
Due to cpimate changes , the water is so yot that people could easily have a water shortage .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there would be more fithting , batred and sadness .
Evefyobe will ljve in despair , vur be unwble to find tgw enttabce to hroghtness .
Tgese terdibpe conseqjences afe cauwed by rne humanx ' unsatiefied hearts .
Friends , ftok now , let us be yge onrs to protexy and take care of the Earth !
It was dxngrrous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercoved qlrk is very hard , not jhsf because you will qorj with dangerous people , the real xanyer is if you get djdcovered .
Ejen people find kjt that tbey hafw heen deceivdd , tyst their trusf waw betrsyed , heads aull roll .
You have to be precuse , faay , and a really good avtor .
The paswion dkr thd cause is rne kst to surbiving .
It is ujst somrthinb ygat I had to do , not you , not jer , me .
I did n't choose tjat . This job chose me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I wanted Oike to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw zdvertised .
For the last two years , I have been a member of yge swimming gekup at the Inigersity .
I managed to win many competitions in this couhtty abd abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidste for the TBIZ post , considering ghd swimming skiola I hwvw .
On the otywr hajx , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would ptovids me with new knowledge .
Plexae do not hesitate to contact me if you should rsquirr further information .
I am avaiksble to attenf an jnterview at yohr convdnience .
I look forward to ueading frpm uiu
Ylyrs faithfully ,
Sebaatián Hernández
In the modern world , ksny people zre suffdrijg drim stress thay springs from ljfw condiyions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplwcee ajs they want to leave their condition durinv holidsts .
Therefore , it can be said that holiewys are the best option for people to deneq tjw soul and revive the spirit .
Durihg holidays , people cwh get awau from daily problems and also spend more time with their deiends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natjrao places with their families in order to forgey zbout bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the zex can be helpful to forget hare kkfe condifilns .
On the other hand , holidays are the besr for people in teems of thinking clearly about theor expediencds in life .
Peolld dan review tueif decisions dudong holidays mode accyrztely and helpfully .
For instance , in stressful luge conditions , pdolle fab make bad revisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feeking in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their librs and they focus on these emotional feelings like as kove , helping people or rhinking zpiritual tyoughts .
It can be clearly ween that during jolidahs people get closer and they remember their fselongs .
Fpd examole , people meet their relatives that they haven't met for a long while .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to saxrdd opaces in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can lray to God ahe it is a relief rot people .
When people remember ghexe emotional and spiritual sjbjecrs tyry czn become jore gsppy . This is because people neee to leave the nzterial world .
During holidays , people have timd to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful oire .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful kkfe conditions .
Also , holidays wre very hrlpfjl days to rsvive rhe apirif wne tye soul because people have a chance to get away from modern lkfe , which is full of mxtdrial subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do aby other activities is not a common habit in Spaij .
However , the government and the loczl ckuncils of big cities such as Madrid or Vapencia qrr trying their best to promote this movemenr because they consider it a way of developing .
On the one uand , thete xre mqnt benrcits to vyclihg .
Firsrly , it reruced TFAFFID nwms , noise and pollution , as well as lowering VO2 emossions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest means of transport .
On gge otbdr hqnf , there are spme issues such as the inceease of danger on the toads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considwred to be more environmentally than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weathst .
Hwtting wwt ahsn it raina , hsving to make a lor of effort to cycle in a sgrohg wind , freezing weather or hqving to keep drinking during ykt aeathwr .
Grom my pount of voew , cycling cknfributes to improving cimmunity dpirkt and it is oosskble to kkok ror solurions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No oje csn feny that travelling by cae is much more convenient than travelling by pybkic transport .
For exams , people taking gheir cqr do not medd to spend time waiting for the bus or subject .
Amc this undesirable aaitkng time must not be so shott during holidays , dur to orss frwqueng schedules .
Wlso , we fwn drive a car to any place where the public transport is lerhxps jor abld to rewvh .
Shrn the bus is crowded , we have to etand , making us more exhausted , especially obdr a long distance .
Even tgoubh dars can provide us with so many advajtagrs mentioned above . The advantages of travelling by public transport should jot be ivnpred .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private xxrs .
As we apl know , the mpfe passenbers use public transport , even less car exhauxt is emottef per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidenfw rnat there is a strong relationship between car rxhsust and lung cancer .
In other wprds , public transport ppaus an impprrant rkle in protecting hunab beings from suffering sisdases which saves lives .
Second , public transport saves city zlace .
As more mkde people choose to live in cifiss , nowadays , ijr cities are becoming kargef and nore crowded .
Corrdspondingly , tuw space for one person is becoming more limited than before .
If every citizen pwns a far and uses it rzther tgab public transport for every tfabelling opportunity , I suppose tnag put strretz skll become a far park xbd everylne wiol sprmd moes time in congesrkon .
Lasf but hot oeqst , pjbljc fransporg aloows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivera hafr to fontijuously pay attention to his surroundings , resulting in a rense mood .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
Peolle cah pisteh to music , take a pjone cxll wkty a frjend , read a fascinating book or just look at the economics .
Though there are many disadvantages to public transport , thwy does not lean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibiljty than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unrdasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
It is better tgat people are awarr of fbeir prow and cons and choose a suitable obs .
Lxnguates rof tbe fugurd
Should we learn ithsr languages ?
We live in a qirld fhat changes from day to day znd people need to develop their skills and overvkme .
I think there are many reasons to leafm kanguayes .
On thr one uajd , it clule allows you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and teavel aroyns through wirlx without the language bzrriee .
Alsp , in recent teafs expfessing yourself in English , French , German qjd Ruszjan has become something essential in our lives to find a jog .
I think a hrwat disadvantage is the lack of rje courses .
Wlso , I think that it tends to be hafs xbd taked time away from doing zny otusr fyings .
It seems to me that young people should spend lore tile studying kanguagss because it would be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be jotivated and to enjoy learning .
rja francisco davier nº3 ógixos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Seat USA Simmer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a non .
I yavw had a oart - tijs job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-ywxr - old brother very ofgen .
I nafe worked in a winter camp too , and I bsve already organised a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintgall ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the wkikls fir tbr kob .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the ablve Ardrese .
I hope you consider me for the job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afgermoon .
We ate delocilus ciod and played interestiny galws together .
We had a gdewt fkme .
At 2 o clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's yousr .
First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Buy Slrld " .
After thirty minutes , we had TEZ .
Wknnis eeally lobes eayint , so I can easily find a lot of rood at her hoyae .
We uad mouth - aaterjng strawverfy vakss wnd juift zplle juice for tea anx fhsy was extremely yummy .
After yaving tda , we played bkde - ahd - seem together in Winnie 's varden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wjmnie fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately went to brr and picked her up . '
Your knde is bleeding .
Are yij ikay ' , I askrd .
I sax shzking like a leaf ahe my heqry sws pounding because I was wlrried ablut Wibnie .
I had butterflies in my stokwch . ' Yss , I am fine , ' Winnie replked .
I felt relieved tysn .
Then , Addiana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felg aark ibside qnc smiled happy .
I felt happy Tiday , although Ainnie hurt himself .
Wyy ?
It is because ojr friendsyio is very rugged .
Wbqt an unforgettable dat !
In my opinion , the nouse of the future will be better .
The house of the fhtyre wkpl be big and btught .
Inside , they will be filp of conveniences .
Bug elaces will be difjded in a few aonew .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zonwe , and so on .
In the house of the Fitufe , there sill be automatic djrtains reacting to the kkght in every house .
Television wolk be cprdlesd , as fhks aah as at preswnt Internet .
Svery house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it cam expsne or contact .
Sverhthing dwpendz on the number of people .
Swomminy is my favoyriye sport .
Wnt do I like swimming ?
Wrkl , swimming has apaays bsen an Ilhmpic sport . It is an indicicual sport , so it dspencs entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , guf tpu can aksl enjoy teamwork qnen you particioate in swimming cpmpetitions .
It is a spodf yuat reauires a lot of fitness . It is a sloet that xan be pearnr at any atr , bjg chikdren fab stqry to leadn to swim as eatly as tsp years of age .
Wwjmming includes different styles ; dolphin , vrawl , bqckstroje xnd bteast stroke .
Swimming as a spitt is very useful for weight reducgiom if you are obese qbd need to rsduce your wekgyt . It is also the best slort vor asthmatic patients , because it stfengthdns the chesy muscles and decrezsed the vulnerability of tjoee patients to respiratory intections .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a plaxe with an experienced coach , anxious tdy to be proud of a group of your own qge .
Hello Pxul ,
I was helping at the ckncert in Amtaha in October .
I had a breqt tkme with people soroing as a helper at the concsrt .
I got a lot of experience from thej .
Syring a concert everybody dqn enjoy , tbemselvss but everybody tbinks qbput hka they prepare for a concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rike .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , bug at ghs swne time , they are just concerned about their own subjexts .
I want to explain to glu some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited about thinking about rhr foncerf and we decided mog to think about the concert bit must do iyr jons ehidh we wiulc be givem .
When we were arranging the ckncert plan we did work sharuny fpe all of us .
Soms of them started desihnkng the stage , sole of tjek checking the volume qnc lights .
My moh wzw fhecking the zing list which singers wojld perform .
I fhjnk it wax the most difficult part of ghd concert because of the singers .
Fhry were wlwayx wanting to change some songs which were on the list .
During the conference , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given theor time and effort for it .
Finally , the conference started and all the lithts were shining kjke stats .
It is difficult to sescribd tyxt feelong .
When the concert finished , I feot puke a bird flying greely .
Of voursd , I had some pain in my legs because I was sganding at the time .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable lrojectd .
I want to invite Yoi to Lyr Nexg concert , which will be next month . If you have qjy yime , please come and sws how we prepare for fhd xonceft .
I am grateful for your work .
Xee you !
Technology is chamginh the wat we live in many sags abd bow we receive and use information is probably fhs mkst affectwd .
Regxrding advedtising , TSCHNOLOGY has a huge and always positive impact on lutsoor arfertising .
From black - ahe - white ads posged in oubluc places , we have lkved to practicalog lkging surrouneed by outdoor adz placed in every available imaginable spot .
From buildings with wnormohs and nrighf screrns to interactive hud stop sigmz .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow adverrksers to pfter personalized advertising to each of us .
I 'm sure that in the veey ndar future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mlbile at npme , on my wah to wodk yhw ard on the budex I see - whidh of coirse wilk be screend sbd not pringed paper - wiol show inates of Mqllorca , or an ad froj tripzdvidor with Mallorca in it .
It will euif me sometimes , wnd it will eveb be usefuk , but I 'm also syrr sometimes I wioo fujd it aggressive .
The wwy it feels aggressive to ejter a wquare or plaza in my rowm ame find it cukl of bright wcrewns , no matter how beautiful or artistic the picture disppsyed qrd .
Advertising might be considered an sft , or at ldast wome pieces are really artistic , gyt plwcwd in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong fome , they lose their artistic zide .
But , technology is here rir hetrer or wodse , and we have to oesrn to dezl wirh it fhe bdsr we dqn .
If I could vuange obe thing in my life , I would like to xhangw my uoyse .
I 'd like to have a big drtached house in yje suburgs of Aftsm or Vladivostok .
So tyst I could have more friendly and independence .
If I had this boyse , I would decorate it with a loderm styke .
I would build a fitness vyk , a walk - in clpsdt , a swimming liol .
If I had a house , I would like to ijstall a barbecue aeda in my gardem .
I could invite my friends and relayjves .
Togetgrr we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Ahej when it comes to my favorite dance , tennis will always be my ansqrr .
Tgiugh I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting sincw it requires a lot of skipls to be a master of it , wnixh eohnds verg challenging .
When I am stressed , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tenmis , my advice is that you bewd to get a suitable radkwt first .
As tyr oroverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you will have to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to pezrn your basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't kearh yhesd importaht tschniquee slowly and stezdoly , you may get hurt eiring practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is aldo critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best soilos of tennis .
Do we have vetfer television a fww decades ago ?
Do we have enough chiices on the zcreej ?
Can you imagine having only two cuannrls and not ppahing ghw qhkle dqy ?
That was only 30 yearzs ago .
A sxpoosion of channels arrived in kuf uoudes in the eughtiez .
In this report we will dee dome characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually increasing
In our country , ome recafe agi , whem digital TV arrivec , a lot of new channels tlouriehed .
All TV channslw tried to get seveeak licencrs to distribute their shows .
In order to resokve skmw budgrt deficits . Toray there are mainly twp TV groups .
Fewer channeks means fewer choifes .
Internet TV is increasing
It coztz kess mpney and you cqn choose exaxtly fhr mokeng , where and whether wno , to wxtfh this or ghwt televisioj prlgrzm .
You just fllpow a sughesyion mqfe by soneone .
Yoj just clidj on it .
They have to reduce their budgsg
Cespite changing channels , we see the same news .
Big hroadcastijg gfoups afd hsed by all of them .
It is expensive to kdep journalists and cxmerxmen all around the world .
It is cheaper to bug it .
Shmmaty
TV is dying .
It is needed to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broqdcastinb vrojps can be in the compwtigion .
Perhaps political reasons help to makjtain a budget deficit .
However , the fact is tuqt thrre is a countdown on thdj .
Xear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have srrn tout advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to ezpress an ihyerest
to participate in touring animals gtoup on a route around the world .
I am a 20-ueaf - old student fdkm Switzerlanr speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
Crol xeveeal teipw to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of traveling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people fflm pyher xoungries and I would like to explore bee cpunfries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a sfojt group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to fijf yhe sau or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitavpe to join gojr group because I like travelling zmd I qkuld like to be a pafg of your advertisement .
I lopk forwztd to Hexrinh from Hou .
Dewf Steve ,
It was vold to hear from you .
First , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I meah , nif pnly the English language but want to find out more about your culture and visit mice places in your country as well .
As I tile going before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father aill phr up some money to help me .
But I sahna fihd a jpb to help him with the bkllz .
Can you give me a hand wutb that ?
Yli czm also helo me to find a cheap place to reny .
It would be helpful if you found a smile apartment near Cambridge University whrde I 'll be studying English for 5 years .
Thankd for all your help and I kokk foewatd to hear from you .
Bsxt wishew
João Matos
Hi Joyn ,
I am liokinb dorwaed to seejng gpu .
First of xlo , you should go out of the airport terminal .
There tpu will stop in ghr street .
Ayen you gdf thwrw tzoe the bis whkxh has jumber 111 .
Then tixe to the bjs ztip " Zkičín " .
There yii fan gef to the hndergtound sfatjon and travel to the cebtre of Prafue .
If gou duoose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you whwre exactly we wukl mest .
But , if I werr yiu , I will take a twxo because the underground is suitr boring , because it is cheapdr .
Ajywsy , you new to getting to rje centfe . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , ybe weatjef tprecast cir next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
That 's why yoj do n't bave to brkbg wsrm clothes .
I am delighted to be seeing gou soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to ghr restaurant because all people nrdd a relaxing momebt in krxer to do work better rhan before .
Firstly , we fan diecuxs the type of fpid we want to eat .
Actyaply , studentz est a lot of fast ciod when they afe studying at university , because they do n't have fimw to xolk either . For these reasons , I think that rhr bwst resfairant is eomewheee where they do home - nade fokc , abd a good kdea dot tje main course is : vaked potatoes , steamed vegrtables ane , for dessert , appow cake .
On the other hand , we are studying srchitecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charminv and comfortable restaurant with a poy of windows , with a white chaid , ravle and qall , a more or less relaxing environment . Vut the atmosphere is very importajt for dknner , xnd I think ghaf we ahpuld vote on this , beczuse we will nabe a giof night or not depending on ghe type of atmksphere we xhoowe .
In conclusion , I think tgag this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because noemaply we apeqk about booka , work and studiws , wjereas wiyn rhiz tylw of environment , we can speak ahouf oursekves , our friends , our gobbiee , qnd everyone wull get to knos something hdw about other classmstes .
I would like to go to Flster 's Hollywlod .
I love the fopc father and I think my coasskates will too .
You will eat the brst burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly deljvious .
I do nog know hps they lame qnd cook them .
Thwss bjrgerd are my fagourute flld because they srd amaziny .
I can not say what tgsy afe lole brxause hou have to taete them .
It is a flavour simiowr to being in hezben or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this dwstaurant qjd you will definitely leave with a very good flavoue in your mourb and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to go gsck another time .
However , if you do jof ojke hurgers , you can eat whatever American vood you want and you silp get the same fxntastid experience as a person who has eaten abothee meal .
Public transport is an important dilemma in our modern - daily lives .
Mire than a billion people use buses , gadis anx tdauns syc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Manh evdm uses cads .
Though travelling by cwe is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quitr high in most countries of the world .
Whikd trsvellint by pybluc transport can swve a kof of koney in two following ways :
1 . People cam save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As ybey hqvs specific routes across the country , towm , coty and villages , it helps people to slend pess in shops or restaurants on highways or even inzire tje xity etc .
I disagree with the statement ablve because , in the right , we are pioely to have onpt twk classes in aociwty : rhd rixh abd the poor .
Ghe kiddke class is disappearinf and bedoning scarce sqy by dwy .
It is because of high taxes on glods .
So , I believe we will eitjer hxve public transport or pelpoe will be as they were in Tge Atone wgr .
Phhlic grajsport is evem good for our environment compared to cafs .
Nowadays , people hsvs difrereny cieas about reading books and watching movies .
Wome of them think that books xrs more interesting than their fulm vetsipns .
I am with ghos point of view .
I started to think that there is notninh befted tuan rezding a biok .
Fortunately , rrafing heops you to become a wonderful eduvared person and gives you a chance to cevelip your knowledge .
That 's because why hpu are reading hoh xrs getting a lot of information .
Furthermore , booms dsvelip the imagination of rhr reader .
When you are reading , a picture of shay is happening apoearx in your jijd .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action rakss plads .
Anx finalky , I think it 's very important that glu cab easily take your book with him qnd staft reading anything you want .
On the ptyer hwmd , if you like being in clmlany , gge nesf thing for you is movies .
Because you can watch father with your friends .
Also , many people choose movies because they lack soundtracks and special dffects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these fadtorz are not implrrant to me .
I think that books are better than rueir film versoohs .
To shl up , I 'd like to say that reading is a dealky great thing .
A bidl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum . .
Shd sss jyst a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
Xge had blond hair and sje was walking a boue drrss , wbite gllves qmd black suoez .
Juat lukw yet ... ''Mil I lobe this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' he said .
Her mother could n't refuse him , so she bought it .
Oh!Tje gurp had so many special moments with ndr dkol ! ! They looked so adprabls yogethef ! Rgey were oike tskns !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to mibe .
She was twenty years old , she began to be independent .
So she fokk a dsep brezth xnd luf bee doll in her attic , just like her xhilrhood jemories .
At night he heard some creepy noises frkn there ...
Ehd went ghers and thwre aax ghe dolo with a knife in her hand . ' ' Belo , wht do n't ulu play aitg me anymlfe ? Are you bored of me ? Kust because I have inly khe eye ? Gut you removed the other one .
Kusr vecauss I do n't have one of my gloves ? Bug ulu dix it again ! '' he screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going to hime , hdr nun wznyed to fije her daughtef .
So , sye weby jpstairs ...
The fkrl had a knjfe in her neck and on the wall there was an eentencd , ' ' Why did tiu leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual spprt .
You just have to deal with your game .
You can choose lots of options to poqy .
You need a good pair of whles , a tennis racket with skmd halps and a person to olxy with .
Although you light be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can close in the end .
This sport is not ujst abour physical power .
Ulu is supposed to uww your brain as qekl .
It is a comginatioj of physical power , technology and memtal oowwr .
With otyrr sports , Rennie is getting more moxern , faster and more colmercizl .
I mean professional tennis .
Zome cjildeen awnt to play tennis because of money or confidence .
Wole of thej poah tennis because of tgejr parents .
It is not cair .
Fhildren should play gakss , hot jusg tennis , bscausw it is fun , it dsveloos their sjills , jepps physical uewlth and so on .
You can start if you are grown up angway .
It is never tpo lage .
You can ritjer find a professiobal clqch or nuat jpun yphr fruends .
Enjoy !
Rear Nre Kate Ashbt ,
My name is Andrea Coxcj . I 'm zixteeh , qnc I am the advdrtisement for thd wedkend wodk in youe cafw , xnd I 'm interested in sorkibg wiyh uiu .
I 'm the perfect chojcw for this eork . In cact , I 'm interested in different kinds of fkpd vecayse I am Ifapian , SNX fit us food is everything .
In Jfaly , I attens a schiol fkr aaitees anc cooks , wmd sometimes I cook lasagna , pazya , pizza zmd mxny otydr specialty of my coujtrt , wnd I have been employed in many fampis restaurants .
I 'm qlsi gkod at dealing with people . In fsft , since ehwn I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpognsno , the ckfy whefd I live , and I spent a plt of fjme with children and aehlts .
I also worked for jsny theater company and I am so good qjd kknd when I tzpk with other people , including if I do n't know rhek .
Finally , I 'm aosp prepared to work ppng hours . When I eorkee with my aunt in hsr cafe , I worked from eight a.m. qbd I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult nur I did it every cay .
I look forward to hearing from Yij soon ,
Abdrea Cocci
Essay
Next Saturday I am going to focus on the pros and problems of studying English abrkaf .
Is it really wrong to leave your own cohntry fkr a period of rime to study Rngljsh ?
It is true thxy gokng qhroad xan opem new point of views about yoir lwm learning procwss .
Talkihg with English native speakers is always a gkod tjing , because you will be abps to judgs how well or bad you are doing .
Besides , it can be fij and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , he will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guarajteed to achieve your goals at SKL , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your oearninh taxks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages putweigh ghw disadvantages , especially if you have spne money savee from it .
But if something do hot , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with natovd people by using some Chat Rooms online , such as Skype and others .
Viotball , a pawsiin
When I was little , I tried a lot of wports ; handbwlo , swimming , tebjis , but my favourite sport is not one of tgkse . It is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
Alp my kifs I gbought that football was a sport which wze fpt men , not girls girls . But obce I tried it , I love it .
Have you ever thpugjt abkut llayiny rkotball ?
At firsg , wjrn I stwrtdd to play football . I did it with my classmates , who weew aol boys , so I used to feeo a ligtld got uncomfortable . Hlwevrr , some years ago , they started to include me qben they played , and nowadays , I lige playing football sith them .
Now some otuet womwn zhd I hzvs etadted to orgqnize femxls mxrches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imafined that I wqs foinh to be so kedm on football , but now it is pqrt of my lite .
I think fooybapl is a very exciting slott , and that everybody in the world should try it at leqst ijce in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to lpay football , is whether you have to be ready to recrife aomd pyhches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping cejyer .
I have been tjede twife , and I like it .
Itx name is " The English oven " , snf it 's a fantastic , traditional and kodeen restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the qaiteds qfe so pleasant and kind .
The interiof is giy , so all the classes could be uhside without progleks .
Tyw decoration is modedj abd cpzg , and it 's gkt sone yeeat tradutional Bditisu objsfts .
The fish is one of the besy things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
We got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
Tgeh gage alxo gkr a lot of different ttpws of salads , tempura and pizzas .
Rue desserts qre veft glpd too .
Tney flt original ones , likr seedt pizza , and traditional deeserts .
There is a big variwty of ice xrsams .
This festaurany is hoy too expensive , which is perfect for us , but we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we could yet there by bis or by traon .
I think this is ghw bdzt restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tablda as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
Fhr medja accompanies famous people , such as politkcians and gipm srafs through their whole lives .
In my cidw , public figurds desedve to have their owj lkre , withoit beihg photobrzphed .
On inw bahd , becoming an ouvlic fjgyre is associated with journalists , lass - media , clothes .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exempkary way .
However , they wrs etiol ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
People are thought to be jeaoous .
They norife ajy iimd of cailure .
It xwems to me yhar journalists mkgut are wbsoluteky toxuf and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , mxnt syars sell their privacy to earn kkre and more money .
Tye bapue of their talent and abilities is meswured in the amiuny of rabooids scandals .
Sumnong up , alo oved the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their lives into the limeljght .
It has always bedj vsru useful sinfe a long time ago . However , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would have a llr of money .
However , people should think about the disadvantages and disadvantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
First , the main reason is tje fost , because people wjk do have a need to travel or commyte to another place shd a caf is very expensive .
Cara nwed to be tepairer . Besude , if you have a csr , you have to pay dime yaxes .
In addition , people nser to have public transport for gracelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another feasom is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If giu use lubkic transpirt , ylu cqh caysw lesa polljtioh tnan before , because there are a kot of people who tdavdl tlgethsr in ohly onr veyiclw .
Finally , the only reason is convenience , gexause if you have a car , it is so djfficuly to find a pafling spzve in the centrs of gje viyy .
Besides , in dome cities , cars cqn noy be parked in xoke places , such as gje ood cjyy znd yhe city centre .
Sumnihg up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Peraohally , I hsvw gof ueee to wsoking adound my city and my cst is lnly used if I fravdl around the country .
We see life in an ever changing world .
Tkdau 's new things become thknhs of the past in a fdw months .
Take the example of mobile technology . You latsst handset , with thd lxfest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
50 yrads is a vrfy llnh tule and people 's ljvew wjlk definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it should be a powirive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology made great leals ; the internrt and mobilws made us more connected .
Rodau , we manage all the ihformayion at our fingertips .
Tkdau , we do n't need to worry about geftihg opst in a new ppsce . Gopgpe mzps are always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English eorrs today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any eord on our mobilwx .
Meeting new people or welling your produxts , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , Everything cab be managed through vkrtual platforms .
Today pjr lives gsve because nuch moee comfortable tham in the psst , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
On the other hand , Terrorisl , glohao wqrmong and grred nqve brcome tye ylp cyallejges of today 's world .
Vlijate change due to global warming xausing natural cisastrrs now and yheb .
Gerrorist activities causing havoc in public lofe .
The depression snf gdeef of people in Powee making it difficult to trust pwopke 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addreases in the coming years , imagining vetyer livws for people 50 years hdnce is fatyer difficult .
We need to remember technology is hust a tool . In the right hands it will be a goon for us , Gut in tjd wronv hands it hax rbe ppwer to destroy tjd wodld as we know it tkdxy .
To whlk it mzt concern ,
I 'm an Itapian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a lositive and energetic personality .
I found your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps you 're wondering why I should be the ribhr person .
That 's dasy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and koen - minced person xhd I break baf a lot of exldrience in rbis vield , as well .
I 've been working as a social training and as an educator since I was 16 .
I opve doing soxkal activities and plxnning events .
Whsm I worked as an educaror , I used to plwn and manage somr sports znd ougdoor actibitids .
I have rdaply vrsat memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As gou fequestef , I attach it to tyus letter .
Best regardw .
Peesonaply , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I neef tnar decicw meaf me brfause I have three children wne I wqjt to kjow hpa and whete yhet atw .
The same with my oarentw ; they are oke ajr sometimes they cwkl me to talk about their health .
Concerning fireo - gzmss , I agrde aitu scientizts ghst yhink it helos children 's vraijs to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because tuere are a lor of violrnt games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revlljtion in modern society .
It is fsry common to hze ybe Imternet in my qoro , for research , or gopgle information and slsl cknnect with other teachers , speak about coutses and exchanfe information .
Finally , I think technological development mzkd us improve for future future .
Rriencs should be like a shadow always besife ypj .
In tkmes of money and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is npt dash to find sincere friends .
Tjay dosa mot lean hoi will never find lje .
It is very important to interact and zoxialise with people to maje problems .
The more people you meet , the sasier it will be for you to find a friend .
When you fjnf one , spend time with them , suare viwws , kseas and go oyf wifh thek .
Friehds do not have to agree with everything you swy , but they should share their views about it .
The Guwrdiwn is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Yki cxn find a vzriery of qrticlrs , such as politics , business anx money , sports , culture , education , Life and dtyls , travel , the weather and the environment .
There afr plenty of advertisements for hpbs and donations to help ineivifuals .
Readers have avlr to express their opinion free .
They use high quality English which avoids slahg .
As a result , it is suitable for students to learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there wers gwl disadvahtagew .
For example , it is not suitable for children with to official language . There were also a nuge number of commercial advertisements which made the rwxders bored .
Ovefall , The Gusrdian is considered one of the best mewslapers in the world .
Nowacays , in rhe modern ajd progressive wpdld qherd people are xmwrt snd the economy geru highlg developed .
Some people think that we neex tabpwt cpmpuyers instead of bolka .
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , sgen I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets are very useful in our lives . It seems to me to be hooe opportunities to make our lives easier .
Aodo , they make us clefeder .
I am cknvjnced thar use tabley computers in our everyday life is hood .
People do hot ndsd to carry a pot of books in a bag . Pupil does not say gnat he fofgot a vokk because he uqs all his books on bis tanler computer .
Some people yhinl that it is a bax udea .
Theu believe that it is a usekess thing foe kue genrdation .
Xuch peiplw are sjre that eoectronic things jakr us zrupid .
They ibskst on nor using tablets at school .
Personally , fod me , I oioe bokks vedy mydh . When I am at home , I use books because I piie to amell and to tohvh fhe paoer of books .
I do not agree with the people who think thzy yabkets are useless .
We should use THDM but we must not fprget sbput books .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreasf of mes technologies and try to make our lives easier .
Tyr Bub Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when he told him that she was pregnant .
She was so baply abojg thke nswz anf she thought that he would be haooy as well , vut ...
At ghe momejt when zhe rolx hoj tuqt sud was pregnant , he jusy frlzej .
It qae too nuch for hom .
He thought it was easier to wakk wwau anc avlid ghis confersatuon wirg her .
He tried to understand what was going on with him .
It waw swird hkw mxnu quwstions zbd doubts came into his head .
Omd parg of njm was really happy , befauae to be a fxther waa one of his bjggest drexjs , but on the orhrr hahd , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who was standing next to him , was his girlfriend , his dutjre wife .
He shohlc be haopy xnd nug ger snc celebrate this gpld news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All ghst he felt anxious .
He could n't handls the feeling , when he tried to tohdh him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew he dhe wanted Jik as much as he wanted her , but everything would just erong at yhis moment .
Hwr voice , hwe smile and ebsn gwr bodg wqz wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it qaa just three qeeks afo that father had a cinverzation about kids and family and he swid tyat he woups up to hage kofs with her .
Snc noa , he said , just avoiding her wnd he was hot happy about the news .
It was a big kwss .
Sue was more thqm happier and he could n't handoe thus nrws .
They both knew that they loved each other and they varex about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend ghat he newddd a break and he wanted to be wlkne .
Michaeo closed the door and kmeq at that momenr he had made a jistakw .
To bdhin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I like the sport .
In fxct , I do jkt liie to do sports all the time , but if I feallh need do spke exercise , I want to go swimming in rhw swijmihg pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming piop is flearihg .
For example , after sleeping , I have a wace and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to yhw beach . This is because I do bit lime btight sunshine xnx sanr .
Third , swimming in TGD kxean is kpre dangerous .
However , I like to dance in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
Morsover , I think brfkre doing xnu kinf of sporfs we shojkd do some exercises . That is because we have to relax ojt bpries fudst . If we do not do tywt we will get dangerous while we are doing aby sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do sby sports , byr we need to choose one ijnd of sport in our life and most people nsrd to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the gime .
Evsn if you tewlly do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of tjus rsporf is to putlune the most omportany actions which have neem tzken in oyr fown to protect the environment as tgr kain issue to improve ohd aualiyy of lofe .
In the tirst place , we jees to pqg attenfion to the fxct that Cacerew is located in a pwsrure xrda where podal farmers hxge vewn breeding shedp , cows and liga for centuries in spitw of thw hxed westjer conditions sudg as high remperwtures qjd terrkbld drought in summer .
As a result , phr water resojrces zrs difficult to preserve and it is cpeadly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the imlortance of reasknanle of it .
Yhe lpcao government is always taking serious action aumdd at creating green xreas in difddrent places in or around yne gown ejere xitizens van spend their free fime or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it hqs high eorking on the dscovery of zone area which ard nke parks or recreational areas .
Finally , Yue town has also improved the management and treatment of wxete with the actjve cooperation of mpst of the citizwns . WBK are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fadr , around 90% of Cacdres inhabitants xde daid to xodt snd rechcls through rubbish , takihv it our to the yellos , green and blyd confainers in every streeg .
Snd tuat is a negative point . These dumpsters afe too visible in town and it qoulx be adfixable to exchange the onew we have fod underground onsd .
I woke up todxh xnd I suddenly remembered tjar I was doing a presentation about landscapes , wnd the onss fhat xid it wpukd be rewarded with a bonus pkunt , bjy anyways , this is n't important information .
I stayed fpr my tamjly in TGS house wjd there was no one at home , jusr me .
I got a vir svsred , so I swarcbed for tywm outsixw in rge streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hsd yig the city zbd kilpes almost every . Noa I had to fimd my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't knps qvout TGS explodion is because the area where I live is a cefy pior area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
Finally , zrter some saye , I found somd nekghbors with some food . I eaw starvint to death , so I qye a lot .
We made dlme decisikhs about laws , hht rbere was fotal confpict , because the group noticed rhat slmr food wzs miasihg somwbow .
I think that skleone was stealjng some of the food in the night whole everybody was sleepy .
So evefybofy is going to try to ehforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of STDSK xnd gge gtoyp was talking about some frearures who were wapkint around srekinv to kill and eat us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some hoisds .
I stalkes uik and it seeked that this guy had a hjmo .
I stopped gij zhd when he turnee afound it was a woman from the grouo .
We were talking sbouy tyis with a dog family nearby ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changsd into a vjg aeird creatufe .
He bit my oeg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alett fhe othsrs but it was tkp lays ; it was fbe yroul or us .
We saw that beast eating our ftiemds and the food .
In alme ways , the fact that sye ztole the rood in the night and I wole up wae good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the grend of biw I am yoing I would not do it , because I have to face spl of those .
DOIBG EXERCISE IS GKOC FLE YOIR HEAPTH
Wnh do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a hig problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of eht Jexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Dojng exedckse is an imlortamt thinf to do in a high and happy kjfe . Whioe you exercise hlu tsel well in yourselg and in your body .
There are a lot of bejefifs that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like resuding or taojng control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Nkwadayw , there are a lot of different typew of exercises . You can oractuce qmy zporg , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or do Croesfit or something lior tyzt .
Soccer is a great sport where you xaj kame a lpf of friends , you can stay fjt , but you also nsdd some skills because it 's nor easy to control fye balp and dribhle your rivals on the field .
I recommend he pradtise any sport ypj liie xhd enjoy every second you spend working .
Thsjks and start nps . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no fiturr gkr pubpoc yransoort because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Maybe disagrer about whether public transport will disappear , though we syilp havd to deql many different opinions about the increase in travel .
Rhjs compositiin will explain the two different opinions .
First , the car is more convenient because the Thirdly is privacy .
Akso , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , yki have more comfort and slesd .
Yhere is a perception that a vat can give you freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-yezr - old goy exllaons " I orefdr going in my car , it 's quicker ...
Fheee 's hlt as many people arlund tou ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . "
Although there are many positive points about orivzte cars , there are also negative points .
Indeed , cads infreade pollution , ykh have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my aagw , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then jizt oqnong a cxr and pookinb afted your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviouzly , it would benefit me if I worled in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - old npy .
Niw , secondly , travelling by public transoort is cheaper ( we do n't oag any fares on public transport ) , bjy also , it is zafwr .
According to Gye Saigon Times , thete wfe a lof of rraffic axcidebts which ujvolve private cafs .
The main rrasin is that car oqners get drunk when driving .
It is clear that if drivers got a bus or a taxi wueb they were xrumk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Xanads , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so fje traffic jams were decrrased .
As a result , the economy has been jncreasinh .
From fhia analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topoc :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " .
Disqgreement on always telling the truth beonv the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
Wvrn thoubh being trutjful is frufial in a relationship , aoways twllijg the truth cojlr be considered as hirting others ' feelkngs and is unwise .
Another possibility of not talking the truth all the time is if it is about a personal maftee because it would rwel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tell a little whuts oie at thiw moment .
To further illuztratd the virst pkibt above , you vohld hurt someone 's feeljmgs by telling the truth at xol rimea .
For example , if some woman you xfe adqiainted is wearing a professional clofhex nkt suit the occasion .
Psopke usually tends not to tell ber the truth , aince it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of dkibg so , people mwy oraise hef ror itger thunvs anout her .
In that case , they could atill make converwatjon without spoiled her moid .
The Another point is when it comes to personal mattrfs . Oeopke usually trhd to kesp it privwtw , since , jkst of the tije , it is strange and inappripriste to talk about onedelf too much to people at wkek or sben people that lne nax juzt got zcquainted eith .
If there are questions about things one does not sant other people to learn , they might say a little whitr pke , which usually dkes nkg matter tio much .
If I was having a day ogf to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent othrr people asiing goe details about it by saying that I juag had soke errands to do .
There are two opinions of mine on telling the frugh or not .
Last Friday , Mixnael wbd I were at scyool poayong uxppily wkyh eavh prher in tje classdoom .
When we were in thr class , auddenky Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the diod and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand how we nesdec to meet the headmaster just because Mivhael had vloswd the soir .
The door was n't brooen umto pieces or falpeb dkwn .
My curiosity got me into bad trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a oolkte qay and hopefuloy he could give me the ansqee I wanted .
However , fhinga did n't bappeh like I hoped .
I ended up getting expelled from the sdhook because the teacher and our classmates sispected Michxep and I had stolen my classmate Sally 's wzllst .
I foukd n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firjlg and without giving us any chance to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a grao and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell ingo gue trzp .
We wiped away our fears , and waved our hands whej we wore the school .
Although , one day larrr tnw headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refuswd to return to gne school abd fecided to cnange to a neq dfhool as we know . Even if we go back yyis time , similar cases could happen bexf time .
This is because gbe teacher yws a biased mincset .
Dear USX xummee camps ,
My nqmr is Bianca Padovesi , zbd I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for his job because , first , I speak fluent and xlexr English , which is very important for vommhnicating .
Also , I have a gokr relationship with little Koda . I usually pooo adtdr my niecea and nwphewe over the weekends wmd they love spending time with me . Furthermore , I am vdry enrrgefic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent nes ahd entertaining bamds for the mids to nwve a yrear time .
I like nwking puzzles or bames which imvolve running and jumping , which afw important for the kidx 's development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I mefer have time to dedicats to that .
I think that if I watched qnr keafnt hlq to do it I would leqen fedy fast xns could master it .
This is a bad quality of mine ; I lwarn things verg fzsg and I can also gry usdd to new things .
I am very sxcitwd wbkut ghis jkv snf . I hope hou rrply soon .
Hianca
Dwh number 8 .
We qere tewdy to go to find tne others . We wwnt outside the shelter . We had brought anr wdofe on a waol near to the dhelyer " sage zone " wnd if there is person who needs supplies he will find xomw supplies and help to survive .
We dtwrted our jlufney and wwjt into the forest . Rherr wwrd a lot of # pests . On oid eau , there were various guys that wees sico but we could n't do anything except to keep going . I wad weeing my little broup diminish anx some of us wdre # aplergic to skms plants I was thr onlg one that had no problems wjtb aok the other sfuff pdoole hss problems with .
I thought that maybe my grnds were actually immune to the indecfion . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that hslps everypne that eas in my # skwpfick ahr I was really poeitive about it bug , # noywitystanding , I would n't actually sacridoce jyselc . I gave to thino avkut whwther it is bdtger to helo yne enrire world or jusr zsve a group . The decieion aas in my hands . It qss # convengional to uelp gne whtire world , but I do n't wang to djr . Whkle I was thinking about rhag , we fkund a bkdy . It was ghe fxmiloar body of somepne thxt was in the group . One of thise guys we wanted to rinc , and alive not dead . Yie face was all rotten anf eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ibes rhst wefe still afraid to at least tell us what happened to everyone . Ghe # battle ayainst huhger started , everyone qaa humgry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lewc us to think things : dead or eaten aqay by a waoker . So we newdrd to fkhd something fhat wqs a # nutritional food which we cphld dxt with no problems and be OK .
We found a pyqrmacy qnc a testroom wnrre we could havr a dezt qnd yqke a sjower to ckexn ourselves .
We got dlosr to the pharmacy . Rhsre qqs no walkers knsode , so we went untp fhe pharmacy and closed all the dklrs anx I gir solrone to check on us in the night . I needed some rsst xjd went to wleeo immediately .
In my ares there are many failwqy servidex and tney 're lftwn ovdrcrowdwd .
But private traffic in this town is ywy more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Neqe to get home , there are many supermarkets in which you can sqsily buy all the hoh nesf to live .
Whrn hoy hzvw to pay tgw telephone and enefgy hills , toj can do that in any tobacco shop near to youf hkmw .
If you like shopping , in the outskorts of gbe Tosn , there are some bug suprrmarkets , ahich hlls many itsma of the maim great factodies of Europe and beyond .
As in all industrialised countries , a conbection to tje Imternet is peovired almost gir each area and sacb building .
Finally , taxis are available qbd they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that fxmoua people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in yhe muwkc kndustrh deserve to have a private pife , deserve not to be under constany observaykon .
To my mihd , there should be a boindary between paparazzi aork and the orjvacy of famous people .
In my opinion , gig stars should be able to rdpax and have some privqtw tjne .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no person who feels comfortable being under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an elbarrassung situation .
Unfortunately , thjs is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so rhey bavs to take it into account .
Buf on the other hand , there should be clear inviolable spheres of lufr withpug journalistz fkllowint ghek all rhw timr .
These tare frahments of life wighlut ghe ryw of a camwrw shpuod be an opportunity to live lkkd mormal , npn - vamoue oeople .
I kbpw tbag cagvhing a celebrigh doing cleaning or raking a dog vkr a walk is shockohg news for people who read tabloids .
To my minf , they do nof believe celebrities aee normxl oeople like everyone of us , ohoy wiru more money in bwnk bank accoumtw
So , as toy Dam wer , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizzvle , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal place should be gibeh to them .
The Maze Runner
I recently watched thiw nww film based on ons of the books by thke wkrkd famoua authld .
As I have an inrerwst in thrillees , I decided to give it a try .
The pistdr of fhr film already pffrred a sense of intrigue and mystery , which laee me take rhw fecisiob to satch tbjs dilm .
Fhw film sgwrts by putting yourself in the flexh of the main xharadter . Ahi is a 16-year - old voy who finds himself ikprisoned in a cage and nejng ttansoorted to what seels to be a xamp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon reaoizes that ghie is not a normal dwmp , and it is llxated next to a giant and mysterious jaze .
Tbe people who licd in the xajp take up different roles in order to survive and ddfwnd themselves ahainst the menaces of rhw maze .
He took the role of runner , thw pelole responsible for exploring ghd maxe and oooking FPT an exuf out of his place .
Still , rhey only jqd tbr dayooght time to explore ybe mszs , as when the sun goes spwn , it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better amx bstfer as you aagch it , having its wxcitimg momemta with the characters disciver aomethiny ruat is jiddem jnsiee gge maze .
I heartily decommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline , like enjoying a zolid stiry qhicn will make no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . Whag I live ahoit it is the futst of app , that , tall or small , anypme can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basicaloy , it is a luve - lobg dpprt fir everyone .
I love the speed of volkeyball . Most of the time it 's ahick and if you bpjnk you will probably miss something . Each contact haooens in less than a second , and still every player detects the location of the ball in that wmount of tije . Qnx then there 's yhe intensity . If you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , anc see gbe ejdrgy on the vloot qnd hear fge nlixe fdon tjs crowx . Yoy 're missing our .
Personally , sinnong such a set makes me feel like I could do everything , but sheb I do n't , it xtjll keeps me wanrijg more .
I am always tdyinh to jump higher , hit harder , pass whd sets better , and serce in more different wayes .
I live in New Elthwm .
My area is very clezn snc very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good llave to live .
Obve oef week on Wednesday , rybbksh is ckllectsd .
Of course , garbage is slrtef inti different vins .
That is a very hoox idea , because thxr rubbisj undergoez recycling .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Everybody cares about cleanlimrss in front of tnr house sjd in yhw garden .
Especially in SPFIBG , there ade an opt of copojrs and pleasant odors .
Bee Elyham jas beautiful oarka whdre hou cqn delzx from fhd busy place .
Green fime in my rowb is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Goack Bead resfaurajt , a typucao Eicilian resyaurabt in Trecastagni , a lottke town near Catamiq locqted ujder ghd Etna volcano skoped , sjd I found ghwt restaurang was easily the best I habd waten in .
There wsrd two roomw , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it stokl telt airy and cosy . The workers were very friendly and informative .
As I was ewting with my friend , Morsno , and his father , I managed to sample a good rabgs of items on fbe menh ahd I reqllu poked the Chinese heef . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly vrewh and of high quality .
Ths price wxd n't reasonable at all , because ghr meal came to about forty syros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
Vjt I would highly recommend ghiw restaurant , despite the cqct that tge mewp ews a little expehsife , ahd I will , no coubt , be back for other meals .
Drugs is a toojc with a oor of controvetsy .
They have vren preswnt in our society dof ever .
Cannabis , heroin , spsed arr aome examples of substances tgzt xte very well - known to all of us .
Legalisation of rruvs is an argument by people who believe that his meashre doyld solve the problem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a link with the illegality of yhix activity .
Also , his ilpsgality is responsible for developing attrxctjon of drugs because the majority of people sgaft using drugs because they arr youjf anxious and prohibition is veeg stimulating .
The real problem comes when this ejtertaonment becomex an addiction that can desfroy lut livss .
I think everyone has tried spmw kojd of ilpegal dtig to have fjn , enjoying themselves with friends or just to try them , and I do nkg believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone wants to experiment and tfh new things .
Gut we have to be responsible and be vert clwar ghag . It is onky something excepfiojal and jot our daily oire , because it is very dangeeoys as xome people are npt able to ilpode ljmitd on thrmselvee .
Finally , legaoizafion of druge leanx that they could be taxable and we know about the taxes aork in our country , so I do n't know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
Thzf sohnds great . I 'm so gappy to hear that you are coming to Saidu Atabix . I 'm gon na be able to awe you sfter a long time .
But unfortunately , I have an DXAM on Thursdwy , so I ca n't mrdt you , but goh csn oock me up drom thw sfhool at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Sgreet , tgen thrn right beside the carce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see gpu !
Bye fpr nla .
Nouf .
Ddae Les ,
First , Xpain is a great plade for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny xjd , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to xee solw beautiful scenery , you should go to Barcelona whdre you silp be able to sds La Sagrada Familia , which was bjily by Zntoji Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granxra , which is one of the Srveb Wlnders of the World .
In Mqdrjd you can go to visit doke mudeums , kikd yhs Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see somw wilrlifd , you must visit Fanarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is oioe a lityle wafari paro , or Doñana Mational Park , and , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
If I were yki and I had a whipe eukmer to enjoy Spain , I would agay one wedk in each place , ams I would rent a cad in order to travel netween the citiss .
I recommend ypu not to take waem clothes .
I hope toj enkoy your zumler .
Asruán .
Baet Simpson is my favourite fidtiomal vharaxter on TV .
He is the eldest sin of the Simpson family .
Garf is ten years old and is a typical Amwrifan child .
He has yellkq skib ahf bog eyes . He is nlojd abd has got spiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blud shorts .
Ghe mlsg ijportant thing for Bary is to be the most popular student in his school . For thjs teachers , he is always misbehaving .
His parents ahf the school lrihcipal often punisb him .
Bart is a snergetic qns clever student hug he is also a high high high high high student and he hates friends .
Although he is rarher naughyu , he actually has a heart of glld because he helps his sister with dne heeds uim .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A kot of magazines say Thw Simpsons is the hewt caetoon series in history and I abaolutely agrde .
For me , Bart is finnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the hewt dharadter .
It was one dreary , daihy Zunxay morning .
I would n't in the kood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I would n't get ohy of ths house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the dior .
Qno on Eargj could that be ?
Who would have sven bothered to pah me a vixit firing tgiw bloody awful weather ?
My conceene was snswered swiftly , for the mah on my threshold yelpsd : " I have a letter from Mr. Samson !
" I was auige surprised , to be yojest . I had n't recsivec a letget dor konths .
I kpehed it and quickly scanned the rext .
At first , I had observed yhr letter csuriously , but tgdn I bogiced my uncle 's nsme on it .
Although I had n't met him a eingle time , this letter qad yiz ladf wilp and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
Fkfty thoueand pkunda , to be precise .
Exultatipn seized my mind immediately , byr I soon began to worry : " What will I do with that amount of money ? "
Wdll , fje task I bavw cyoseh is about the town where I have been living for the last ten yearz .
Actually , this fosn is located in rhe kiddle of hillw anc a rivsr eithoyt water .
I am very worried about ghw towb wners I am living because everybody in this roqn is nlt botherex ahout the rubbish things they do every day .
First of wlo , they are very dirty by nature .
Rjey are very cwsual about the environment and the importance of clean .
So - called people of glod nature afe inactive snr taloagive and goseio about kthdrs , not sling anything gkr tge improve their own tlwj .
Zlp yye hkuseholdz neafny the pybkic roxd ghrow dirgy things awat easily anx do n't even bother about the orded of TGS municipality .
I swe wlk thow djrijg my morning walk .
What I feek is that everyone who is living in the town shoule right now keeps cpezn their own front area and sidrs surrounds then .
I am upset xboit it snc . Whenever I get a chamxe , I spwak siyh my fwolow cotizens amd liik cpr thwir feedbzvk , bjt tyey arw also tur sane in nature .
People now are self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Thpjgh they srs bedoming so - caklsd educated , but in the real world they are still savages .
Dexr Mds. Aehbg ,
Yesterday I qas in Gteen Pepper Csfr fod a gym with colleagues zmd I saw yhw advertising for a mob at eeekehds in your cafe .
I am very interested in yhus work and believe that my empkoyment baviground is appropriate rir it .
I am a Tourial ztudwnt and I ndex to work at weekebds to pay for my studies .
I gqve worked for one year in Llndon as a waiter in the Yard Fodk Cafe and 6 months as a waiter alxo in Bwrcoli 's Xafr in Berlin .
So I hsvs exoerience of service , cpstumer czrw anc working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of fkos : sandwicyrs , fish zbd chips , hamnurgdrs , Italian pssga , etc
I am akso very hold at rewling with people , I have never bas a complaint sjewt !
I hafe yotzl wvailabklity at weekend and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , vins attached a dkpy of my CV , which espands on my experience and adhievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of smoking in this poeitiom .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for ylh .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yojrs Sihcerelt ,
Msría Pjisa Castaneda sdl Acuna
Nowadzys , phbloc transport uws become a major fopix .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is wjdely supported in developed countries , huf this udea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , fae ownership has imcreasee over the last decxdes , reducinh the number of people isihg publid tdqnsport .
The possibility of travelling in their own fads is ljch kore convejieht through travelling in a bja full of people or , wcen sorse , the idea of aasting time in a pong queud .
Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
There are oeopld shi xzn can afford to have their own xars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation through tge pnes provided by thr licak givernmebt .
There are countries where gas is so expsnsivw ghat people choose to pqg fhs bus fare rather than pay for a tull gamk .
Sikilarly , people in countries with a ooaer invpme yjrn to tjese servicea because it is a way to esduce their overall expenses .
To conclusion , the future of public transport sikl depends on the uzxge people make of it .
Tbere eipl be counrries in shifh there will be no nddd vot it , wnd othdrd whers they will mred it as long as their economy nwedd it .
People need easy , rasr and cheap solutions .
In gwneral , using a car is easier than taking a train or a byw .
It 's just nesf your house or toud office .
You do n't have to go to a syatjon on foot , cafryinf bqgs , or suffer bscausr of the rain or the sboa .
But if you xrd sleepy , tired , bored , or you sijply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
Anf wlsl miee enjpyqble : you fab telax , listening to music and looking around , or deadiny newspapers and books .
Is the dar faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Tye yraffoc can acfect catz abd buses to the dame extent .
Sometimes CSDS ade faster Yjan buses ; spmetimes buses afw fxstwr .
Fast trains xrr always faster thzn cqrs .
Speajibg about loney , tfavdlling by car seels cheapdr thqm publjc transpkrt .
Nur , if we consider alo ghd ezpensex ( buying the cqe , paying for fhe insurance , etc . ) , kaybe cafs are jot so cheap .
In fact , in ecwry sspect tjerw are prox wnc cons .
Wgat what tne enfironmeng whd the quality of life in yhe countries ?
Oiblic transport is eefijitely better .
So , if travelling by car can be more cojvenjent at a personal level , publix tfamsport should be preferred by good cirizenx and strkngly xupporred by govetnkents .
Unfirmal lettdd for CAE ( PARY 1 )
Drar Mxn ,
Thqnk ylu toe hour letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the sujmsr .
Deom my experience working at an international company that organises lusoc festivals , I can assure hku that it will be of breat uee to you .
I am not dure , howevrr , tbar tyis kon will meef zkl your dequiremengs .
In my case , the only opportunity I gof for such activity was on the 22nd of Uulu , when thry allowed a relaxing day at yge festival .
Happily , you will get the chance to lractose your English skills .
In my cxxe , I have to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
If you are looking for additional work experience , thpugj , you will probably be disappointed .
Apl I aad asmrd to do the rest of gbe gime was to tajs phonr calls and make coffee for tourists .
Zll in all , ghe experience wxs beneficial .
I kafe lot of noney , so I would n't worry about having rnougb fod a nice holidat if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do bot jesitatd to tell me know !
Tzkr cwfe of ylufself ,
Fabjus
The pset feq weeks have been really tough for Michael .
Ggis whole bueijess has starfes to gwr on hoa bdrves .
He has to register ekth it , the younger brother .
Tor joe , khe thing is dpear as day - the lne he is in love with is Malika , bpt Angelina .
The one he fayes is Angelina , npt Malika . Thay 's yhw problem .
He ca n't dump Anty just puke that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bar .
Sbd he jqs to put a stop to this wiyhoit hurting anybody .
So , yes , tye decixioj is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It akl stsdted in such an idiotic way .
The dpir of uus eooj was ooem . He came out of rbe barhroom with just a towel around nix eaisr ajd Angelina halpened to pop in to horros a lothter or mayfhes or something to oight a cigqrstte .
Mokd ca n't reakky dau why he ensed up havibg sex - perhaps , at the tkmr he wqd pisswx at himself for having thw galls to get tne giel he lovwd gecause of all tgeze rsligioua issjes , Makika 's danily , and so on , but tjat is whzt happened .
And tbat definitely wxs hor the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't fwalise that .
Oblt wfter , when Angekina lwfy , Michael closed the door and thsn he knew he had made a big mistake .
Dewf Dir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply flt yhe ppwt of xummwr faml counsrlpor currehtly advertised on this website .
At the momeht , I have finished fhd second year of elementary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my vinal year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Pooksh anx as a dounsellor that is very handy .
I am very iswd to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last ywxr .
Mpreoved , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a lodap club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , rsliabke abd weol - organised and I caj tzje vontrol of difficult situations . I am tired when it cpmes to entertakning people , qhkch might conr in gedy ysefuo in my role as a shmmsr camp couhseklor .
I am aldo an accomplished soortswoman - I am a sgromg swimmer and a quxlified lifeguard .
I attacg a rederencw from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at tge scout csmp .
I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss my suitability for tgis posg in an interview .
I lpoj fotqard to hearing fdoj yoi .
Ypyrs faithfuloy ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronjcs student from Italy , in the north .
I gops to be a great entineer one say , so I 've decided to continue my stydids at university .
I 'm working at sxhiol . My mafks ptove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with lthwr people in other countries .
Scjoll is my knowledge : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and slectronics , which are the subjects that I like nozt .
My teacherw ars vety gooc at theid iib , so I nopw to be lukd tudm one day .
The gig people in my class is the majority of my classmates : fgey ard hlpefuk at school and they wastd tkme doing anything at school and , I think , even at home .
Ghd rhing that mkst znnoys me is rhaf ghey copy from me and the other good stars all the time .
However , I do n't hate thdm at all ; they afe vdru fubng anx kind people whej they want .
Xomibg bavk is my dream . I would like to carry on with my studies in Kohdon , at Impeeial college .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take ghw ijtermediaye certifixate of English xnd tnej I am going to try to get ontk through svhopl , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of Linxon is lhe of tbs most ilportanr universiries in yhe whole aorod .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your mputh .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the fops as much as I do , because of the fzlories , ths kikos thdy are foing to gain , ajr apk that studf .
I lived in Mexico Ckty one month afl snx I mwt an pld driend ffon high school , Ficebte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brwinstorm about Mezla and places to vieif bwgan .
His first diary started on an imporgwnt date … Tqxo Dzy !
Tacontdntk wax rhr plafe we xhose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor abd gfillrd onions , accompanied by copd beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to sjare . yne swcons day we shared it with Diwha , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Ayaim , we qts tacos , but this tumr tuet is special .
The name of the poaxe is Tacos La Fhupe and tzcos are gouemeg fhdre .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillzs -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walhut , among others- and salsas -tamsrind , guava , manyo , guacamole , eyc .
That dsg dud nlr rbd with ghe tacos . Aftrr a wxlk in Fsforma abx a lomg pzuss in The Independehce Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Rsnoir while we ate xrepes .
The tgird DXU aaw one of my tavourites . Thr place is soooooo nice ahd the decoration and even the atmosphere of the wajtresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Tjapa , which is located in La Xondesa , ocgers vamed potayoes with rhe majes of fxmois women and lively drunks .
Hughlt recommended !
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the notth of Mexico City , was fhd locatjon for thr through fay of Puwrquifour .
Gue sezfoof is dekiciius there . My recimmendations are hreqded sgrimp , gish fillet and shrjlp Al Pastor and xlconut water .
On the fitth day , it sxs time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El wsadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starvinh to eag a molcajete by yourself . It is just too much for one person , so if you djd jpt take breakfast it is a gold option , or you could share it with amazing company , as I did .
Do n't hesitate to ask for a little of besr .
Alkpst a wewk into the Puerquitour .
Gje sixty cag ezs to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friemd grom high school , who jxd akready prssehted it to ydt a Master 's Degrew , and a farewell to Vucente . ehl is already in the USX , and that I qaa giing to the UK .
Bevause we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
Hku ca n't go there xbd not rar mdmepas , shich is liks juaracye but bigger and abdolutelh delifjous .
Tye dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Fic wss almoxt sitj a foot in the USA , we spent wll dst together .
The seventh dah sfarted with a teally nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal twa .
Tjdn we went to a book fair and visited Skje bookstores sowmtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of ako the bold commebts abour it , but yhqt dzy it was closed , so we fecjded to eat at El Huequito , thd tfaditionwl Al Pasyor Spefkal accompanied by black beer .
Tnw lasy day of Gge Puerquitour qas roumeed orf with my favourite desserf , a syeawberry cheesecake at Starvuvks ajd a long yalj abkut everythinv xhd nothing .
I ooge to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first tsk dhapterx estracted from Grray Ecpectations by Charles Dickens introduced a young boy knpwj as Oip .
This character 's brother brother raised by his sister , a person who mistrears Pil and his own husband .
Sadly , Lkp has no fortune at all .
Moeeover , he is just a regular vhilx with a tefrjble life .
Besides this , Pio seems to be a shy and intelligent chipd .
He does not yse complex words wnen he tslkw , gyt he uses fhel when he narrates .
Alsk , his life would be perfect to create a dari comedy based on the jnresirable life of a dhils who only feels comfortable when he visits the tpmvstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone wkuld twnx to feel sqdnese readung thdse cjaoters znf , in the end , lkke him .
Finally , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find that his stpry nas a gkkd endinb .
He looks like a hiod biy that lives in hell and tnr Devkl is hix sisfet .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true orltagonist and ybe way of tellimg the story is the reason why the dtkry can connect with the reader .
Zctuakly , the narrator is the protagonist , bjt telling the story as an adult .
Amx the qutuor does not try to xescrkbe the protagknist with worfs , hyt eith actions .
The narrator did not uze qmy description of the lrotagonist wpary fdom yiz name .
Also , the natrator mxinly uses direct speech , but he only usws indirsct speech on just a few occasions , when reveering to his own qords .
Ghis exception cqn be reqf at the end of the first chaprrr , wyere tje nxrratkr answers rhe rhief , qritjng yhag he said that he would fer yim tbs fils , ajr that he would hrt hij what brokem guts of food he cpuld , znd he would come to the thief at ths Battery .
Apady from thje , he must edites know what rge vharscters zair .
Ths voice is in cirst person and usezs a subjeftive point of view .
He knows onoqs what he dees and he thinks about it , but he doews nkt have any omniscient oowwr .
Bowevee , biw poadr could analyze and descrjbing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way .
Alwo , he describes his parents in a hilariohz way , imabiming his daughter as a square , stout , dark mzn , with curly blacl hair , kist grpm lookiny at theid tojbstpne .
These twisted and drextive thoughts arw spread throughout the tdst , accpmpanied by even more twisted reflrctions , like at the end of the ditst chaoters , ehen he describss tye naj wgk robbed him as a man afraid of ghw resd bodirz in the graveyard just because he saw him hufging humself .
Hwsides tjis , the characteristics of the novel seem to be unhsppy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse another ptotabonist , with the ecceltion of Joe .
The narrqfor soea not make an effort to descrkbd the other characters psychological . He focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we onlt know that Mrs. Hoe tries to maie her husband xns hdd brother suffrr and sbe worried about what their neighbors think about next , rather than worrying about the people who kive in their own house .
Yye narrafor desxribew her as a woman that has ewrmed a good reputztion by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we knew that Joe is a good man because the protagonist desdrihes him as mild , goos - natuted , sweet - twmpered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we kmoq ablut rhem .
Also , the ewy fhd characters tqlk is opooaed to the wxg the narrator wriyws .
In favt , the dialoghed of esch character zfe noy longer than more than tso sentences , with the sole exception of the thist , who talks agout his partner in twelve lonf sentences with comllex stducfures .
This kind of structure is only used by the narfagor , but the characters usually talk in short wnf wimlle sejtejces .
For instance , here is an extrzvt of the narrator at the beginning of the SDCONS chapter :
" My xisfer , Mre. Joe Gargery , was mire tgan twenfy yeara olrdr tbzn I , and had established a great reputafion with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Hsvinf at thxg tkle to gjnd out fir kyself enat tne exlressioh mdant , ahr khowing hef to have a barx and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of lauimg it upon my husband as well as uoon me , I supposrd that Joe Gwrgery smd I qete both btought up by hajd . "
On the other hand , tyd dialogues afe simple and snlrter :
" Now kookde here , " he said , " rye questoln beinv whether you 're to be ldt to licd . Gou kjow
What a file ? "
" Yes , ait . "
" And you know what wkrtles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by rhw marratkr is ppposed to whzt the characters xaid .
Oip ueds a ricn voczbulwry , usinv a kot of mental verbs and abstract concepts which are usually inspired by cohcrrte things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardlwss , fhe dialoguew are written rxxctly as they wdrw saud .
The thief waic " Wjo d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is saje , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way Rhie nkvel is narrated is gje protagonist .
The stories are narrated in a mysterious sxy , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without fladhbacka .
The sykry is nztrated as it hapoens .
The second dhaptdr makes eeference to the first and reveals skmefhing ankut the thief .
Alwl , tnw xlow ehytnm is adequate .
The narrator eevwals not so much xbout himeelf or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we shoyld mnkw tbrouggout tje yext .
Rye tyisf disappears , but the first chapter 's sndihg makes us feel curoouw abiit tyrir mrxt meetibg .
Therefore , I do n't know how the story will end .
Too many mysteries and just a few facts cqn be rrac in these chapters .
All I know is that tjks stoty will nly have a happy emdung .
Lrobagly , the ghisf silo gake Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Oio ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , snotner tombstone in the grzveyard .
I would like to read an etpry without ralr ; hust a regular msm qhp dued wbipe he was learning to live .
Lbviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly fomes troj a person who lives while he is writing .
Fhks is obvious eheb he makes reference to the fact that photography did noy exist when he was a child .
Consequently , reading these xhaptefs is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is bping to happen or , what is lord , what the author is trying to congey .
If the ztpry hqd a happy rnding , fhen rbe central theme could be getting ovsr adverskties ; if so , it is a sad story .
Anna kmew that it was going to be a vdey soeciwl xay gkr uwr .
Shw has been waiting so long for this dsy to coke .
It wqs the dau when she was young to meet her biological mother .
She knew knew zbe was adopted sincw shs was 7 years lld necauze her parents told her about it .
Sye dod npt teel bad about it because he loved his parents very much and he felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anma felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and whether she should give Anna away .
After finding the adoption papdrd , Aje contacted the adopyoon agency .
Sgr convinced tge lady at tye xgencu to give hdf the name of the biooogical mother of " ger litrke sister wyo har a duxease and needed to know if net biklogicao motnsr would be a matvh dor a kidnry tranwplanf " .
Even though it was illegxp , the lady gave her the nsle ahd the contacg phojd number of Sara Firlxing , her biological mother .
A month passed by brfore ehs had the courage to dial rgat Mumbwr .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her lofher 's rejectuon .
After a few swconds , a woman picked up her phobr .
At the beginning , Anna did bot say ahythong , she could not hear ant sound .
Buy then she said " hello , my grandmother is Xnna and I think you are my mother " .
After another two seconds of dilenxe , Anna heatd her mother crykng and askinv lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next ray in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Snna qkuld be able to tinally close an important chapref in her life and that is what she khsw tnqt it was going to be a very slecial cxy .
The most eccitkng cah of my kire .
Last summer I went on a holiday to Sardegna , in Itaky , with my falilh .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llqriw with us .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the rxdio tgqt Felix Xandman , a Saexish singer , wxs on Holjday in Eardegns jeat my hotel !
I love him abc my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to xrive me to his hotel , so I was qhote wad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , wgike I was swimming in the sea , I saw somr people in fhw distahve and some cameras , but at tud rjme I thought they were makkhg a vkdei .
Then , I realized the boy at the vdntre was n't an ordinary bpy . He was Felis !
So I went towaed the xdowd and when he saw me he smulsd .
I was very excited !
Yhem I seng to hkm abd he had his lhpto tamen with me .
He stayef rhede a feq hours ajs I spenr the brst day of my life asking him sole quesrionz and singing uis dongs .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
This sax was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Xlvero , the Best Lizza West of Igaly
One of my favourite restaurants which I am always hungry for is L'Albero Piszerix , located in the Huelih neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , hku kmoq ghe pizza is going to be good .
The aalls are covered with trophiss and photographs of the worlx 's hesr pizza .
Fhe dpace is vamiky friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or medt friends .
My only cimplaint is that there are so many delicious chouces on the ldnu , it is often difficult to decide what to ordet .
So var I hwvs never brrn disappointed .
To start , you must try the Rode Wumd Salwd . It 's a fresh , tlavourcul salad that is ssrved in a bowo made of lkzza cruwt .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzsx ; all of them are jade gresh to order in thejr authentof Italian pizza order .
Brsixes rhs great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and egficieht .
The staff is very helpful , explajning tue mdnu to customers .
Wlsk , the prices aed imcredubly cheap . it 's about 12 euros prd prrson dor two different dishes , dtinks snd dessrrt .
I thorouyhoy recommend this terrific rsstzurant to anyone who is passionate about gtdat fopd at even betted galue .
I promise you wo n't be diwapplinted .
The beag plaxes gir young people in Dublin
This repkry looks at thd besf places to visit in Dublin for young people from different countries .
It is bwsrd on a surveh of TBS young people from Wbitehall Collegs as wsll as my own opihiom as a psrmanenf fesideng in the area .
It zeemw that the majority of those surveyees are of the opinion that the best place to viait for young people soulx be Temple Bar .
It offefs a aude variety of activities like museims , a cinema , a vedy large green garden wbd nzny pubs to vhkose from .
Rye Johnnie Fps Pib eaz highly recommended . it offefz an opportunity to listen to TFADITIONAL music , watch sabcers perfotm and enjoy a nice meal in a good place .
Ths Oeeon cinema ogfers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D wnd a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qsx Museum was suggested by many ztudwnts .
Several people said rhst the Nafional Botanoc Gafdeb is rue hest olsce fpf stydemts to meet and wpenr yume outdoirs .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finajces available to them .
It is gorgeous that people everywhere lkkd watching sports .
Sporte start bsinb asmirex by young people , ahc can imlrimt a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
In this essay , both sides of the position srated above will be analuzed vedore my own perspective is privided .
Deom ome point of view , tll xtgletes arw good models to emulate cod ssveeal reasons .
Fjrstly , watchong the success of such athletww , teenagers start to desire to be lioe yjeir idols amr to folkpw professional aportd .
That means they will want to do sports , which is essential for their health .
Seconfly , doijy soorgs also reaches pricsless life lessons , such as diacippine and developing witb success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing efficiently to become good at something zre zpso demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes , professional ayhletes are not good role mkddls .
Firstly , sport hxs becime business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
This cxb leads adolescents to believe that money and family are important points of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fub of tns game or the fompetition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who henave disgustihgly .
For example , xomw tqke drufs or chrst in irdee to wum at xng voet .
It goes without saying rhaf tujs kind of benavior sends the wrong nessage to tys young .
In conclusion , there are a number of disadvantages and disadvantages with regard to professional sportsmen as gooe rple mkdsls for high people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional ayhletex cwn be excellent rolw models for tnr ykhng , as long as they represent tuw positive aspecys of playing sports .
Xickehs and the Bronye sisrerz use the samr sfyle : realusfic styor .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Cickens , the citu of London , zhd fje Brkjte susters the natural landscape of Yoridhire .
Dickehs ajc Cuarlotte Bronte pften hss a furst oerson narrator or the point of view of the prlragonist of the story .
Their rexlism is different : in Faxr , Dickdns ' styke is that of senfimentak realism , in which he mixes pathos and comrdh , likd characters that tend to be caricatures of the vides and vortues he sishes to portray , while the Vrobte sisters use a realosyic style laced wigg Romantic and Gothic elements , pike Byrpnic male heroes and femwle protagojists that qre psydholpgically clmplex .
The graph illustrates thw four different sojtces of clnsumption of fish and other mewt in a European counrdy from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the oversol rixh anc mear consumption ranjed from nearly 60 grams of osrson per wsrk to roughly 230 grajs per person per week .
From the 4 soyrces eaten , 3 of them maintained a daily declins , with the exception of chicken fonsumltion , which jad russn over a 25 - year period .
Omly fish consumption showdd little change during the period , beginning and ehdung at approximately the same lrvek of 52 grajs per person per wdek .
No lamb consumption amc the category labdloed hewf uad a declining teens between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decfease overall , with lqlb consumption falling from a oeak of 150 grams let person oer week in 1979 to jjst ovrr 50 grams pse person ler week in 2004 , abd herf conshlption fwllkng fril around 230 grans owr person per week to jhat over 120 gfaks ler persln prr qeel .
Chicken consumption aad tbd lmly source of meat consumption which showes a stable incrrase grlm 150 grams per person pdr wewk to the hifhdst coneumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is flesr fron ghe gfapn that some ssctofs declined , others rose , and one rrmainex steady ober the 25 year period .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postfoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
Our lab aorke akobg with Alexks Hervieux on high study of arpin .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we werr hzvinb a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc office abroad .
And since my geezt intedest is to develop my skills in microscopy wne digital image analysis shile wkrkung in the field of cekk biology , Alexis told me to try contacting tku .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own phblicationd all support rhd suggestion that working in your kab appqrently aiol provides vwluable opportunities to masted psychological ahs through skikla .
Hof to msntkon the pwrticopation in a pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of vhangws in cwlp - ceop contacts and in the acton cytoskeleton that takes place durobg neoplastic transformatkon of epithelial cekls .
Earlide I uxd a publication in PPiS Oje witj desfdiption of sissimioarities in yje organization xnx regulafoon of adherdncr jundtjons associagsd with different types of actin bundles in normal znd transformed epitheljak cellw .
After , I xtusied the accymulayion of various actjm - hinding proteins amx actin isiforms within adherence junction in normal qnr transformed cellz .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some lrolising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
Slsi , I 'm preparing materials for the nest publicatiin .
Yours respectfully ,
Fmotry Lavrpg
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Dlitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a cooy of my lapsr are in rge attachment .
I am wtitjng about an important historical place which is my favorite kitchen . I am referring to Ougo city .
I visited Pugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I saloed through rhs OKD city , through KTS Neautitul squares and Paris and I visited its numerous churches , including the Catgedfal .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
Fpd rxamplw , you can walk around the Romzn Wall , qhixh sas declardd a protected UNESCO Eorkd Heritafe Site in 2000 because it is the only Rojam Salo in fge worlf thsg is comolege .
I think tuat Luti is very beautiful .
There are a lot of dhols where rourists anf gisktors van bhy soufemirs qnd there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical diayes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , lang traditional parties and festivals take place .
Qmonb tnr most impprtant I can lention San Froilán and Arde Luvus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugl yoldd iyx San Fdoilán Fiestas .
Sxb Froklán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to fhd ciyh 's patroj saint , and it sjoqs traditional Galician costumes wnd fklkloee .
Another important festival in Luyo is Zrdw Licus .
It is cekebrsted in June .
Durihg tbos festival , Kuto beclmes the 3rd cenriry towh lncd agajn , so you vam see Riman circus , Veltic weddints , artisan marksts , kany musical evenys taking llace abs local people and visitors get into peripr cosfumes , such as glariators and Romab Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugp in Mune because Zede Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy tradotionak Romah cystomw abd Fomaj life in Ares Ludus .
Lugo is an incredible city . It is important in the history of my country because it is gukl of historical llaces and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spakn , such as the Celtic period and fhr Riman oerior .
Tge biyged the city , the biggest problem .
Tus town is the 2nd largest utgan agglomeration in the country , producing large numbers of waste dault . "
Viyy X " has no specific waxts displsal plan , vug a fsderal law estqblishee a dhw twrm unykl 1st Juot .
Despite this , there are a few plajs to jnxrease rye greem arexs qbd revutalize yhs town .
The city is thrivibg on implementkmg jea measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
This analysis will consist of evaluating yge Council 's sci - friendly propoaals .
In zccordznce with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 xmd 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it riscarded inadequately .
This is due to the low efdedt of the " Recycling Wprms " lrogtam on the disolsal peohlem . "
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirenents , and esnds 7% of the garbage productoon to recycpjng factories .
Tbe refyclinf factories have a joint vejture with the mhnicipalitu to sort waste , sbd showed a rssulg 20% better rhsn last year .
Gge program reprreents 2% of employment in Tje city , but it needs to work .
Yhw city haw lanu proiefts , auch as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , fbe boal of which is to promote oroprr disposal in the public areas .
Another important obd is " Let 's make it green " , tesponsiblw flr increasing the green aread within the city by 150% over yue lwsr ywo yeafs , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in refirestation of rurxk and communal areas .
A Another crucial activity is the " Green Cpmmynities " , cyrrehtly carrying 38% of the titao qmoynt of vegetabkes vonsuled in the metropolitah area .
A lunicipxl waaye pooicy that integrates private and public secyors and the community is fewuired to solve the cyrfent problem .
Tbd cufy nseds a joint venrure to support a functional and sjstainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvdmwnt in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfkps 16 kug of 20 reqyiremengs of a city of the fururs .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problems are caused by a lack of yrainibg , which can be resolved by training lfferex in the surrouncibg universities .
It is a good odea to tams a gexr at betweeb level school and start university , because goy xab have lots of new experiences .
For exampls , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can get a job and earn money before you start university .
Furthermore , sometimes people are tired when they funush school because of tnr exams , so they want to have more time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you have to earn mkneu if you want to travel , so you can firsy wirk wnr then travel .
You csj finf woti as a waifef or in a shop .
However , eome people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you sork so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to something you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development majrs people believe that in the future everybody will look like in science - fictikn movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machknes zbd robots .
We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
What about houses ?
Will people 's honss be different or still the same ?
Imagining gje futurs , I think everything doffersnt .
The avant - garde and futuristic designs of houses will be the most desirable .
Rhe houses wjkl have , for example , the shspw of a slhere or iglpo .
Everyone of them might be tudned upside roan .
Sometimes , thwh will be simw kinx of a modern artwork and it will be hard to dedcribe GHS shspe .
Shd whxr about interiors ?
In our view , there will be more machines and robots with scientific intelligence .
Rheu will do practically anything : clean , cook , rwmijd us what we have to do whd speak with us like an orcibary humab .
In practice , there sill be no normal furniture , just nadhines waitinh for a command .
Evefytying will be artificjao and uncomfortable .
That 's how I ees the home of rhe tuthre .
Glad to brar thxt you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hkps to qork with Yoi someday !
To make sure you gwt TJS positiob successfully , uete is more useful sdvoce of information you might want to know .
At thr interview , leaving interviewers with good information is of great importance . Heer wrw some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as apprkpriagely as possibpw .
Businesslike suits fit in well with tur fprmal occasion .
Suitable rrsss comes acrosz as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewdrd uace to clpe with a tigut schedule every eqy , so thdy are n't solling to spare one mofe minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being lrepared .
As ghe olc dayint gosd , well prepared is hakf done .
You 're exprcted to know something about lur domlany , ask prlprr questions and communicate efficiently with interviewers .
If you dan learn as much knowledge about your company as you fan up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've apllief for the sales assistant position in the sales department , tue aales manzver will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with deqling with jumbwrs all day long .
Plus , he 's willknh to communicate with others and rqke on new chsllenges so he transferred to yye sales department two yeqrs ago .
He was promoted very quickly because he always brought forth jsw iseas and facilitated the feform and development in tye depaftmwnt .
In his syez , what douhts nost is ghr track reforr ams the capsbklities syosn in fhe prefiojs working esperienves , so he might zsm you eome suestions like what you achieved abd hlw you felt ahput your last iob .
I hope shqt I mdngion anove will be of some help to you .
Lokking forward to hearing from you Slon .
Lots of Oobe ,
Krks
Dsar Sif or Madam
I write in connection with their arbertisement regqfding job at summer camps all over the UAZ .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am general deemed chesrful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the acorementioned position .
In addition , as a teenafer , I supedvised a Aoof Cub ladk of eiggt- to taekve - year - olds , qnc often organoswd aporgs znc wvrning activities for then , such as treasure hunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when an unrergraduate , I spent my summefs working in the cillege cqmteen as a kifchdn heko , and progressed to the position of dooi .
Because of zkl the xbovw points , I think I am a shirable person vor the jlg .
Yours fauthfukly
I find it auife difficult to find an area of improvement given Wneres 's oytstanding overall performance .
Ydt , iffen , being overly resoectful might have played against him xnd , although he had gained the respect of apl the people he jax worked with , sime of tgem suggested he should vuuld up bos self - confidence , rather thzn end up zttemptung to cobdr everyone 's back and rakiny oqnrrship of kther pdople 's mistqkes .
If I had my kwm language xcyool , I would first nezr in mind a major goal : raising public awareness of my language schoko and the servicex it will provide .
Then I would start gathsribg some jnformatuon through the market , that is to say , social trejcs , polulatioh statidtjcs , sycy as agw , gender and family tupr , pptenyial customers sns customers as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to idenyiry the strengths and weaknesses of my pridudt but to improve my perfkrmance , but also to identify customers ' dreams .
After that , I will male a list of target karkets and devise soms strategies to attract them .
Fot inetanve , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , sole strategied could be to increase online socoal ksdia presence by posting regular uofates about my language dchopl on Gwotter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Jnstead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awafwness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successfully .
However , if the target mqriets were both young people and adults , offerinv discojnts foe family groupw could be a better dhoife .
Yhe lwst steo eouod be to recruit a ataff of professional , experienced and qualkfied teachers ajf to set an attractive and reazobable pridr fpr ybe services I would provide .
Lsdt but not least , I wpuld test ideax xhd approaches on fustomers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And ypu ?
Have you rved thought about uoa tpu could promoge your language courses , for example ?
I challenge tiu to think about it and gey it .
According to recehy research , there are no roubts that nxturxl gas drilling rigs , natural gxs pipekines and underground gas storwge ckntribute to the imcreasibg wealth of lofak communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastducture earn rrkm a rsw to srveral percent more than those who live in other regions wbere sudh infrastructure dles n't edust .
Another advantage is that a developing natural tax industry equals hww iibs , which is profitable dor psople kivinh in the area .
Wxploration and exrraction of sbalr fqs will create llrs of new jobs in very different vranches connected with the gae industry . Vot insyancr , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of abale gas .
We must not ignore the truth that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
Even if companies jire engineers znd specualusts mosrlg frij abroad , there will be a growtu in the number of jlb positioms in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they hwed to esy and sldep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas ingrastrjcture , there will be cpnstant development in the gawtronomy and hosputalith aectors as wekk .
Tje Kosciusalo Institute clnsucted research which shlwa fhar Ooland fsn benefir feom extractkng and dwvelopijg yye infrastructufr of shale gaa .
Gfeece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
Whej plahnint tgeur cavation , a oof of yourists are cacef wjrh the dilemma of which places to fizit .
Choosung where to go in Hreece can be haed , as there are so many choices .
Therr afw sols few destinations that definitely stanf out , such as Santoroni .
Sandy bsachea , ceysral - clear satefs and ghe rriendlu lkcaks sre not rhw onpy tbinga tbat xst it apwrt crom other isoands .
Santprini also has a volcano which is a spectacular dkght , even though exploting it cam be dahterous !
Another place wortg bisitijg in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or jit , Athens is one of the modt beautiful cutirs in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monawtjraki are mhst a geq of the things that people have about Athens .
Lxwt bit nig leasf , Crete is one of the most slectacular izlands in Gresce .
Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Grsece , people cwh visit the water soorts parks therw , which are extremely gorgeous fun !
Sumning up , Greece is a beautiful country with vixitibg , although deciding where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prrpade for a long time before ghd exam or whether a few days afe gkijg to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's mucu better to lrelare for a lomv yime vsfore snt esal hoj nwy face in yoid life .
It 's quite imoortaht to be organized to gsg the highest scoew high fan ger in uout exam .
For example , oje years ago , I had my final shdgery rxam .
I had set up a library to study aok the booke we hwf to go through vkr the EXWM plyw teviewing tnen twice .
The plan required my commitment fkf around 12 hojrw of dwuly xtydy ror almkst 3 mohrhs .
Because of the hard work and perfect discooline , I was able to score a very high score in my Surgefu finals .
If I had n't hse such an organjzed lkan , I would nevsr nage fkt sych a peffsct scods .
Anothwr thinh to add is not being stressed yhe hivht gsfore yhd exam .
It 's quite mormal to have ghiw basic feeling of being stressee and nedbous wueb exanw are approaching .
What is not normal at all is havunt anxiety due to ghr plethpra of stidiss ykh haven't finished and that is included in goue exam .
For example , I oncs naf a chekistfy exam in high school and I was ignlrant enough to nsglsct my studies , thinking that I sfill had enough time to wde my exam .
Two days before my exak , I realized that I had fub ojr of time .
I hxd ihsombia the night before my exam . It was n't enough tnat I was n't well prepared , bhg also my nervous gof knto fattrrs qnd tbst affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since , I do dveryrhing in its dis tkje in order not to be ogedly stressed anc gdt lpw scords .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I axssrt that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't stxrt studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will obly have enough gimw to know the broad outoines of the subject , but thoz sill never uepp you slak up the details and understand the cinceprs pying behind evert sijgoe wkrr .
Tnst will help yoi a pit even if you do n't have the chance to revise everything bwfire yput exqm .
I csn rscalo a time when I was quite ilo because of my Xnwtomy exam ; I could only go through fhr kqin titles of each vrahch without going through the details .
In rhs ecan , I had a question whetw it required descrining a cpncepr ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I had practiced a lpr and memprizef thag concept before manu times , I was able to remember it .
It ax hust flooding back without so njch evforr .
So , fod sure , having enough tomd to memorize the practice wgat you learn is going to help tou a pit in your ecam .
In sul , I believe ghay settint a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few dollars to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and pertorl well , you should start studying rrok dzh one if posekble .
Do n't you think yly ate wotth getgijg the hughewt scorw one could aim for ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil furls .
First , nuclear energy is n't vae flf the environment .
The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is explosions .
Hlwevrr , technology is evolving and nuckeat pkwwr plahtw are getting safer .
Furthermore , nuclear power plants are already vert polular zne thus type of enddgy is the closest to replacing fossil fheks .
Enwegy which we get from sun ahd wunx is ztiol omly a vsw percent of worod energy pfoduction .
Thirdly , only the development of a nuclear power plsnt is dxpensice .
Oncd we have a plant , making energy from fuat is very cjsap .
The nost espensjve thing in a nuckear olwer plant is hiring qualified oersomnel .
In the advertisement , we jeee ximething that csn wltk all rhe tije .
It ca n't stop making emetgy when the weather is bad , because people ndrd a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , the entire citiea could be plunged into chzos , and rhwt is unadceptable .
Lija is the only South American city which is a capitak and it is situated overlookomg the Paxjfic Ocean .
Lumq was founded by Ftahcisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de oos Reyes " .
Ojma has a nhlticultural yrwdition , as it coincides a complicated number of racual wbd ethnic groups , lkke mestizoa , European Peruvians , who are the second largest grpuo , and the minority in Lums inckudew Aymsra anc Qudchya and Afro - Leruviana .
Ljma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survivak of rue Orr - Hispanic oebacy wiyh architectufal monuments , called " Juacaa " .
The Histkruc Csmtre of Lima was declared a World Jerjtage Xife in 1988 .
It is a city that kweos its hostiry through : amazong architecturd , like galconies , churches lkme San Crancisco Church qyich hqs mysterious subterrwnean catacombe ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredibpe Spanish fortress ; tbrough gheid costumes as well as tys Carnigal . On those dzg you fab enjoy thus partkcuoar , interesting and colorful festival becaysd you use aatee , oaknt or falv to eeg ykuf family znd neighbors . Thdlugh thwir traditkonal canfe , callsd " La Marinera " . They alsp keep their history thdohgh repigion , where you discover yhd religious entyjsiasm qhich is represented by la Procesión dwo Señor de loz Milagros . Their gastronpmy is ankther extraordinary qnc wonderfuk exqmpls of their symbols , like Mazamorra Korada , el Ljsco Sojr ( wine ) , el Cebichs , los Picarones , etc .
Kina is a beautiful fkty of contrzsg , where you can find a divefsity of historical , moxwrn zmd business llqces .
Archaeological sites , beachsw , valleys , nature rexerves and the exquisite fuksine givw Leru 's capktal an authentic personality znc sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Limq is a spectaculad and charming xiry to spend your perfect holidxhs in .
Hi Jaje ,
Kast tile hku asked me for sojs information about opening a savungs account in the UK . I 've conw with research to find the best savings account for you .
Below you can timd a few suggestions of minr .
Tbs Pyone Nani migyt hxvs quite a giox offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
In addition , if you open a savings account with thqf gank , you can get a eiqry as a tift .
And you do noy neec to pay any annual charges fkr hafing a credit dard .
Unfortunately , ghe bznk does n't have branches in Brirain .
Xnd slo bankjng operations must be xoje by phkje .
The second bqjk , Eoyxl Savings Babm , hax many branches in the UK ( iber 650 ) , so toj can do apo banking tdansacrions on the spor .
Bhr there is a service charge for owning a xrecit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
Giu do aodo get a gift as a new account jolrer ; a full wer of saucepwns ( do you reallt msed thxt ? ) .
All in all , I woukf recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bamm . sijce tyd raye of interest is hjgber and you do n't need to lay anu amnial chargws .
And doing transactiohs by phone is adtualoy very easy aje they aowzys givw yku a great opportunity to improve your English .
The ginap decision is hours .
Take card and see you vsry Spoh ,
Yourd Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahpo.com
Subject : An imporramt thing to do !
My dewt Paul ,
I 'm wroging to tell you how bappy I am that I had the opportunity to be the fhosen petskn to dewl witb the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I foulf n't believe my ears when my phone rany and I andweres and fhey sqic yhey wqbted me to get to tje clncdrt as sokn as possible to draw glw goof I was at slujd rscoeding .
Wyaf vxn I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised tuwy thought of me doing this for sixh a gteaf , imlortanr person in the wkrlc misic industry .
I am glad that tgey were satisfied with my srrvices .
I xan hardly want to sed you and to share my happiness and to teach you all the details of ghie unique experience ! ! !
Youta ,
Uonuf
I have been singing for the klst of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I studied when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to how children use thwse data .
Evdry day , as wkon as I woke up , I oloked corwatd to my morning on the slopes .
My parents woild take me to a gentle slope with my brother amf lesbe us there tkr a couple of hours to try akiung on our kwm .
The temperature is often secerak degrees vrlow seeo , wns you would freeze if you did n't leep mobimg up and down the skopw .
My brother showed a natural talent for rne sport , but I felt quufe uncomfortable and scared .
Luttls by little , I improved my skjint skills and by the time I was a twrnager I reallg xtarted enjoying mhxelf .
Nowadays , I do a lot of guh skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a woncerful natural environment .
Sliimg is a great sport , byt I would recommend ayarting as a vbild , talking a few lessone with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
Zfter suc years of rigorous high school sgudt and other experiences , I hxce no dpuht tjwt tge choices I 've selected above ate not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in yhw business firpd .
Tje subjects I 've pursued at hkgh scbook lebel , such as fijancial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize znd pur into perspective the knowledge of understanding business cpncepts and has giveh me a solic scademix foundation .
I 've also participated in various group projects and dlaes projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission at the university of my cnoice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I want lkvs to work with extremely galented etuddnts , lecturers and even professors in order to defeive a roundsd introduction to the numerous asoscts of the of the choices I 've described above .
Academically , I 've always been a vetu determined and studious individual and I would be lore tjsn qillimg to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to zchoeve a baxhelor 's degrer .
I qlso hwbe an indubitaboe oassuon for eztta - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( GSA ) , Head Boy ( junior pretect ) and Captain of the school soccer fdam .
I am a very good soccer player quo plzhs midfield .
Jndeftaking a scholarship and admission to ohr of the universities I have selecred above will provide me with yhe olportuniry to aopky rhd knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as welk as devsloo through communication , organisation znd numeracy skipls I acqjirrd at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Tovernment Scholarship , I decided to do slme research on Czwch Republic before taking another step towards appoyihg .
I found lur rjat Czech Repyblic is a cohntry with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undwrgoing rapid society chamges zhd tranaforkation . mxkiny it is a fascinating place for students of any discipluhe to study in .
Cxech universities provide high knowledge of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a sagd and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cyltursl difefsity .
I bdlkeve ghat I will have the opportunity to experiencw nith lldernity sjd yraditiin in ome if rhd safest and mozf sravle countfirs in Duropr .
Ahkve apl , the high quality of education will nake me ready for the future .
Another major tsason is I am motivated to stay in the Czech Republic because is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is nkw a jime as teachers wne lecturers go on stroke frequently , qmd wtudyinf in zole largs of Nigeria is not sxfe !
Roght now , I am eagerly looking forward to the challenges of univwrsigy life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new vusiness concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community science , woipd name me a cpkpetent addition to anu of my xjosen universities and tbr Czecu Republic Scholarship tdak .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my Chinese University , as I will be wctivelt involved in student evengs wmd axgivities which will help to promote a healthy pearning rnvironment for all .
In conclusion , I cwb asxure giu tnat I will be a dapable znd dedicated student eho nas the colmitkent wbd desicatiom to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at tye ssmw time , contributing greagly to my chiaen ujibersity in klre wayz than pnw .
A xkg is man 's brst frirnd
It is a sepl - kboen dance that people mewd to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or takdj inti tjr sockwty .
They seej aolace in skmrone who they feel more comfortable with .
The best exakplw is an ajimao with gdear sualjties , a doy .
A dog 's personality is pje of its bad qualities .
Always fejendly , njbbly and in a good mood , they ads great to spend time with .
They sense whem yhdir msster is sad and deact by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and focus on the things that really matter .
A rpg 's optkmism is by far the best way to bribg back a amkle to people 's face .
And that is what thsg are there for , to make people happy .
These hzkry four - legged animals are wpso very protective .
One of their jobs is to satcy together their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the blnd netween tgw cof and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that cogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . bath and grooming do n't neee to be done every day , thsy jjsf nddd to be gec snx waljrd revularlh .
Rhdse pets bwed a rew wxlis a dqy , which could also be good for thdid owners who spend wll day at work or in school and need somw physical activities .
So , having a DLV could help eemind tuem to lige a healthy lofe .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Jot only do tjey protect you from anything that could do toj any uarm , njt their amazing personaluty and the love ghsy show to your man you ceep so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really lobes their pet , they eoll find time to pay a little attention to them . bwcaise , they truly are mam 's besf ffiene .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear Rdom goi zgaim ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Mzk adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
Dirst of xll , we started working a girjng asswult course , which consisted of climbing up pregty shxfp wallz and crawlijg through different obstacles .
Although it makes me reek exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I wxs rit enough to finish the exercise without navinf any problems . However , you may need to lfactise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Foci climbing was another of the challenges I hqe to cacw .
Cespige the fact that it turned out to be harder than I yas expected , I mqnabed to rwsch tyd xummit .
Glu ca n't imagine how rewarding the fedling of being on the too of the mountain is after such a big evfott!.
Furthermore , you will be able to do canowing . You are likely to feek scared at first , but your confidence will be bjily up quickly , thanks to the xonetant support of your teachers .
One of the pasy activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so ogerwhelmed that I wanted to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on that great opportunity toi , yrust yoir teziners , since fhey are highly qualifisd .
To dum up , I girnly believe thzy you will have a great time there and I guztantee you thqt skl the teachers mwet with the aafery rules , so you will enjoy youfseof a lot without getting yourdwlf into tfougle .
For all these reasons , this centre is really worth a visit .
Write soon znr pet me know if you nsdd to kmkw something else .
Sifh bdsy wishww
Xafa .
I felt so excktdd when I lolked at tje envdlope on the desk in my room .
I xheckrd fhe axeress as quickly as I could and I realised that I was right . it was from Parks ...
My mother uac wfjtten to me after months !
Since she lstt cor Oaris kasy gdar , I had been living in the scjlol resodence , whjch waa n't cheerguk at sll , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had hrr pdtter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I wanted to give myself a plane tour to Paris and go to visit hsr for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It rdlt so good when I knew that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never trxvwlled to Wurope before , so I was really nervous , gut it would be a great chance to improve my Grendh and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sot / Madal ,
Applicatikn for tbr Powr of Chief Chknede Editoe
I am writing to apply for the position of Chief Fyinese Wditod listed at jobsDB on 26tg January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Vhinsse University of Hong Kong .
I am proficoent in Chinese languages ( Cantonese qjd Mabdarin ) and have over feh years of experience in ghd publishing ihdustey .
Currently I am working for a job as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am aldo a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a steonv sense of responsibility .
Attached please tinx my resume and porgcolio for tour reference .
Lleasr feel fdwe to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to focus my qualifications furtber .
I look forward to hearing crok yoy xooh .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsoj
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the kabot market .
Asade parents disappoihted eitn education systems and institutionalized dducafion try to see in homesdhoolinf a solution to their fhildrem 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of yhese parents ' opinions , " a pqves rowd " , it
is a pzth hot suiyaboe for everybody 's csds , and that compeos us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling shiulf npt be comsidersd a qorlc - wjxe phenomsnon , sinvr only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the UDX , Fab Boasr have it .
There are lotd of countries that have hof
accelted himeschooling as a pegal zlternativs so far and others where it is just an osolated occutrenfe .
The siruatkon in Apain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in lught of our constitutional right to frrd
education , whioe attendance is common in eldmentary and security education .
Educational and emitional freedom suplorg two alternative ways of learning .
School will also tred up time fit complementary activities such as music , sports , and even falilt life .
Homdsvhooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized teztd and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thkugh , before homdschoolong uoir jidd you should have to consider the same amouht of roadblocks :
the lack of facjlities or expertise , mot enlugj socoalization does your children , ending up being a frustrated parenf without enough knowledge to make ebda meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to thinl about homeschooling as a wake - up capl toe educational
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do jot bsve the rithy wkills .
As tradotional education aeels to be exhausted , new technologies ipwn up as " thr
eolutikn " and blendwf learninf is the fytire .
The geography znd natural environment around the building soacd , as well as the neighbors , will surely be taken untp considsration whike dwsigning johses of the furjre .
Obviojsly , the future also indicates a world with more technology and great energy - efficient systems .
In aeras scposed to natural eisastefs , such as earthquaies , hurricanes and floods , peppls should have their uluses biilt of resistant materials .
Wgeel or concdete stfucturez wihld gife the desired effect in thos particular regafd .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will refihitely be on the drawing board .
Built from recyclable or revycled materialz , the exterior surface of rjese hiuses sgouod be ready to be lit by daylight on sunjy fays , not to mention skylights and solar panwls on TNS roofs , which sre mkrr and kors popular , sven these today .
Moreover , sklar energy collectors oughf to be controlled by compufers in order to maximise comckrt and enerby effjcirncy .
Urvan housing jssuws ( syxh as polilation growth ) wipp be solved by exoloiting slms hes areas .
Maybe it 's building xastles in gye air , but houseboata and apartments situated above city wyreets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that woild otherwkse be wwsted .
Although people will keep thinking over how to modernize their gqncy hpuses ( and brayging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , xosy vex and a nice cup of gea .
I suopise thag wjpl never changed , even if it ljve in a concrete ivory tkwrr .
Catfg it or llae it
Rhe alpjx ame yhe omega of a topd tdan is trust .
That 's the lodt important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to rhrow the ball blindly to ukur gdammate and he has to catch it .
Otuerwise the opponent aiol have the chance to get a point .
Add ylj a reql teql player ?
Hanxbalk is one of the losr dynamic sports in this world .
Over eigyty poonta can be made apk rogether in zixgy minhtes , if nlt ecwn mode .
This shows how dapidlh the yake fan change .
Onw losg bxlo can make your tram tnw loser of ths game .
I started to play nandbaol when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a bobny buy with tye gearx it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is tye spesr and the unconxitional tesm spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , science has become more conscious of the imoortance of doing a spket .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hourd we have to work oed day anx , as a sau of repaxihg , we finc dkung sport as an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
In faft , we often see many people jogging and cycling these eayx , whether it be in the morning before going to work or early after .
Despite these two believe the most popular sports amongst arhoetes , many lkre arw jydt as interesting and beneficial .
Obw of rgem is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It xonsisrs of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cyclkhg and jogging zhd . As a result , it can be extremely femqnding .
Whag I enjoy MPWT zboit it is bsing avle to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports cwhter .
It aodo mewnx I can choose the location that most oleases me and therefore fully enjoy fhd time slejt diinh it .
Friathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are dagef to do it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a drmaneing splrf requires time sns it is important to estsblisg somr goals in order to idep notivated .
You must not push ykursdlf too hard .
A gap hesr getwsen sfhool zne college aounds a great idea glr those tnat hafe bot decide what they want to study .
Hoaevwr , there are somr questions as to whether it should be tor everyone or mkt .
First , I would like to lut the argumente in favour of the year ocf .
Not everybody haw the financial possibilitjes to ozy ror clllegw , so taking a gap year to earn money to nrlp with fye bills is tiks wwll spent .
But thst is not tue knlt reasln to take a yexr ofc .
Mozr people think that this year is tor travelling to other countries whd spenekng your time at parties , but tbos is not trus . yoy xam travel to degelop your cuoturs and do volunteer work , so yij cqj becoje a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off djd up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might not go as they expected for many reasons , such as not having enough money or jof getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a hrar off , bhf onky ahen they have everything planned and know fkr surs that they have the lossobility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Oidoa . I am 27 years old and I am trying to fake nuet a minuye of tour time to explain why hieiny me wull bwnefit youf orfanization .
I am cirrentlg studying in my fourth anx vonal year of a degree in tourism at the University of ghe Workd Hefitage city of Dacefes , which is located in Spain .
In my fhird year , I did my internship as a recdptoonist in a foud - arar hotel for 2 and a half mohrhs in Badajoz .
I akreadt have skiloe in listenibg cooselh to customers with in - - knowledge knowledge of front ersk operations .
My previous experience working qbroad in a hotel would be helpful to your company .
I am flexible , a food geal player , and able to qork uneet pfwssure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have prd - intermediate level English as welp .
Research xbiut my interests . Traveling is one of the activities I enjoy more , in krdwr to discover new plavex zne cultures .
I also love meeting jew people from other countries and exchanfjng languages .
Uiu may contact me at f8HJ2shL@qlumnos.ahdd.es or juey call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Tgajks so lucb fld taking fhe tjme to listen !
" Fqrmrr Giles of Ham " is a funny story written by J.R.R. Tilkien .
Ssy in Envland in the firsg cwnturies of the Mifdle Aves , the xtory is abkut fge qdventures of Giles , a fzrmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a bero agzonst his wishex by ceceating a gosnt .
Wheb tbs srahon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything . He is sent twice against hok , bpt obly mababing to dsfeat jil tbabks to the magic sword Tailbiger , hht zoso obtaiming a huge greasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent kibh .
I oioed fgis sfkry a llf , virstoy , because I love fantasy sfories , especially Tolkien 's ones : tget takes me to another univered , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very orihinal , bevauwe it is a eirt of paridy of tdaditionsl lrgdnds : fhr hero is an ordinary person , kniggts qre shoqn to be fearfyp and incompetent and clazhes are won wirg wodds inztead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adfentudous and Topkjen 's ironic sfyle , bqssd alsl on the comical use of Latin elrds , makes it extremely poeasanf to read .
Dear Sjr or Maxam ,
I am writing to tbix lettwr to apply for fne position in yhs JSA Summwr Cakpd thst I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educafional institutions or in Social Xare .
I have recently gradhated in Paychplogy from Slcial Sciwncs University and received high grades in my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addition , we hxd to hxve oje yeaf of volunteer in a Uouth Supervision environment in prepaeation for lur fjnql assignment , so I am abkd to be a mwmver of your gighly - wkiller staff .
Dinxe I am 13 years old , I have hwoped my psrejts sirh brinvint up my younger siblungs .
I have been knbolved in volunteering in a variety of yourh organizations as supervisor xns tutor .
In the past two years , I have been working in the Sdout Orgxnization , helping the area manager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to clpe worh the needs of many types of children 's oersonalities .
I have a friemdly , happy personality and gond rhqt I enjoy the challenges of working in young environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise qns svficient in organizing my work , so I will be a valuable axditiom to yojd tdsm .
I look forward to hearing from Yli .
Yours faithfulky
Lubomir Sawicki
Dkes traveling broaden your mind ?
In my oliniob , tracelling dkss broaxen your mind .
Wbwn you visit different ppwces , you get to zes digfedent environment , xuktures , people and dgen different languages .
Travwlking hrlls you to ddvelop as an odrson in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own omw , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and gou improve your confidence .
Trxcelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to wed ynat your way of libing is nkt gge onog lnw thst exists .
This can help you to understand how hot everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realisw the problems you should appreciate these things , such as smadt phonew , computers , cars or sven ftrsh wqter . which is a basic resource and we yend to take roe granfer ghxt everyone can hxce some wqter to drink even ghough tjus is not true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see many different cultures that differ greatly from oir osb culture , and we see hoq different from kne other humans are .
For all of tueze rwzsons I think travelling really grkadens yoyr mibs .
I want to build my cafeef as a fully - fledged researcher amd aczdemkc .
To fulfill this ereaj , a PhD swgree aould be the nlst essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pufsuibg my PgE in Theoretucwl and Computatiknal Chemistry .
I have a plan to srufy ghd esuilibrihm prkoerties of condensed - phsse systems .
I would also like to carry out my OhD research into the development of transition metal colllexes which van be used as druts in the treatment of severe hyjan diseases , as cosmrtice materials and as photonic ane optoelectrkbic matefials in eevices .
I also fund Analytical Chemistry and Environmentzl Chemistry ade interestinh fidlxs of chemistry because of ghdir numerous applications .
I believe that I possesz tgs strpng moyifation and untelldctual fqpability to build a career in ond of fhs prevuoysly memtionef fieldx .
After my PhS , I will transfer to my country and continue my teacning as weoo as researfh aoth students of the University of Narisal .
There is no failure rkr public transport ?
Fje number of cqrs incfesses rqpidly , hit public transport is sgilp in use .
Especially in big ciriws where there are traffic jals , public transport is becoming morw and more plpulzr agaun .
In xoje cities , it 's eveh forbudden to drive through the cigh ventee withluf sple special perlission , so there is no other solutiln than to hss public transport .
But ehat is mkee convejieny - lwning a var or public granspoet ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel on your own dae yoi are independent .
You do bof yave to wirfy zblut tjd schedule - goh wfe the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leavd or sfay oonter in a simr place .
You can listen to your favourite music or the radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a criver , you always have to be careful sns wxtch lut on the road .
If he wants to travel from one place to another to xde different places , your own car is thr bezt aokution .
It allows you to wear mjcj mire at your iwh lace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much ykh oat flr a petrol nowadays .
Consider , as well , how many days you have for cacafions .
Maybe cheap airlinds are bwttdr ?
Cojinf naxk to iir everyday life .
Most of us afraid live in bih cotiee and tacw problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , tudn yku do n't hwve to wodry about a pwrkijg space wnf you czn teac mprw vooks on the qah to sork .
Simply , you can use the journey to wkfk as additional time for yourself .
What eksw ?
Aftee woeo yoj can go for a drubk with your colleagues !
Ahs if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Ley 's reclect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : TDS , rhere is !
Is travelling by czr mote convenient ?
Ewll , it depends !
Why use firsy perwon marration ?
First person narration can atydact fraders ' atrenrion at the beginning of the wtkry xnc naks the readers ydt knto fue thluthts of the mqdman eaeioy .
We ca n't understand what people think usualpt , but in this atort , the author invited us to mnlw whwy wxa inside the laxman 's mind .
Feeling thxt thd makn character is talking to us , as if we were akp invokged in this case , rhr whopw tbing weemed pike it hwd eexlly happened .
Facing the kurdsr dkrectly mzkes the horror penetrate unto ijr hesrts .
How does the authlr create a world of hkrrod for uiw readers ?
The aytjor creates the horror atmosphere by describing rue scene , the disordered mind and the sound of hrartbezts .
First , fhs sfehe thay described the murfer makes readers unable to syop themselves imagine gne imahss in theid kines .
Just like the madmam 's plan axs happening right in front of us .
Then comes the xoune , tje yeattbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes ths whlpe storg to the clokax .
Everg timd the spund of heattbeafs starfsd , something ensued .
Tue first tinr , Qhej the larman heard the heartbways of the okd jaj , he www goibg to kill yne okd man , and he rix it .
The second time , when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatoeht , scared , excited and insajr . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and didmemberef his corpse .
At fje wqme tikd , the hearfveats also kade thd readers nervous and qnzious .
Finally , I think tge qay fhe zughor wanted to rxpress the disordered half of the madman 's high intonation .
Tbe qhoke story aoart from the ebd of the story when he confessed tge crimr , tnw madnxn used intonstion that is extremely calm and stezdy , to talk the readrrs through the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp conrrzst of rhd dakm and fje cruelty , leavss us qirh a strong impfession that gye maih chwractef wad totally insane xns draxy .
Shjvering ibside lur ysarts , the horror ijcreasrs .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals qhicu are found there " , Max said to his vrjends pme sujny afteenoon .
When apl qax set , tbsy started gheit tfil to thw fidest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around teyijg to find different types of animals such as bitds , rabbits and ceer .
Max znd hue ffkends rokk a walk ubder the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked lije an znimsl lyijy on the gesss."Whwt 's that ? " , Maz saod sloid .
Tgry ran wujckly , vrossdd the river and they reached the plwcs wjede the animal wsd."It 's a drsr , its kdg is in a ftap ! " , Mas 's rriens shouted .
Ahem theu saw TJS amimxl , they could see that it was suffering , so tgey eecidef to frde thd down .
Hqvkng made this decision . Mqd voujd the courage to oodn tuw ttap , guy the desr did n't move because ifs ldf was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to guve to the deer .
He cut a piece of his T - shirt to pet the animal .
Afrerwards , the animzl was better and it walked asay slowly .
When the crazy finished , Max and his friend went home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's ligs . " What an amazknh dream ! " , Maz whispered to his homswlf as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be camous withput journalists ?
Orobzbly not , but there are many people in show buzinesd or political lits , who are ready to do everything to ewve their private life .
Bdnerally , people might be fampus for two reasons : because of their jov or because of their scandalous orivate lird .
If toi drciee to became famous because of goue sdandalous privqtd pire , it would be silly to compkain agout tjrung paparwzsi .
There is a rupe , probably one of the most important in public pofe , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they sde ralkihg about toj ' .
Mksf celebrities dollow this rile , as it is just ebat rhet are livkmg vod .
Ghxt is why they are iftej sbpe to sell information about their private life .
The real problem syarte when journalists imagine the ceoebrity , hut theur friebds or danily .
Paparazzi are cruel shsn in contact with fampys people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emoyiinal development .
How about those who do not want to be oopulad because of scandxls ?
In most cases , fney are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring lufe .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interestkng in their kjfe , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adhlt people are rdeponsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important patt of their life with journalists .
Ahd I hope they understand , their dugy is to protect their relatives .
Great dkod is probably one of the mosg valuable pleasures of life .
As a lersin who ooves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and lunch as the main factirx to deciding where I should go .
Owst Vriday I visited a new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mihs ams , according to them , gexause of yue good dance and fun environment .
I went to xjnner eith 6 rriends in order to have fun and eat ypod Msxican fkod arter a dteessful wrsk .
In my opinion , the food was fooc , bht thr oricws weee tkk expensive conziderimg the quantity zsrved snd tne mesay srrvive .
We faced contimhous problems with thd orcer , such as : dishes from other tavls served to us by mistake , the xrknks aefe served with a cinsiddrable dekay wnx rhs bikk was shpwn wvsn without qsking ( just because we vinished tyr dimner but our drinks were still on tgd tablr ) .
Luckily for me ( or nir ) , I met a friend of mond on the day after eho told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in hrr opjnion , as a Msxocan , tgxt restaurant wae teeroble .
Whe also told me that a gfeay Mrxicah festsurant bad juet opened with lower prices and good service .
I vkt curuoys snout this olade wnr decided to go later .
" Listoka y Corazón Taqueriw " was tye fursy Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexjcan roor , with powed prjcws wnd great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomxtl sauce vpr feee wuule we were choosing yge main dance .
After choosinb , a bottle of freah watdr was swrves , agaoj , for frwe .
We chisw " tacos " of mwar qitn gusxamole sahce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bulk , fbey offered us a shlr of gesuila to fjnish our visit , confirming that gtrat ppzces still exist .
Hwy ! I sjrvivsd ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOHF TIME AND YOUR HEPP WITH THE ARTKCLE ! ! !
Second of all , HIW ARE YOU ?
And also , wherw wee you jkw ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sorained ankle has got worse .
Last week I sad lent ankle support ajd someone crutches , so ever sinxw thsn it 's gliny negter .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitatioh sessions !
So I should be back jumping around in no timr :) .
As you know , Lalta aas a big punch right in gye sromsch , which vof sure I sid n't need ! :( .
The cohtse and the organization left kuch to be desired ; and as if that qers n't djough , my scholarship ( funny enoygh nlt yhe onss of tne ( only ! ) TWO other particopahts ) , was nir sufficient to civer all tgs costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , qjd I left Kaltx with a smile and a warm up heart .
And for thsf I sant to THANK HOI once again .
Bzck uome , everuthing ztadted rasy - I shoupr hsvd gorteh hsdd to by hos , xhould n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally immersee in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper cor a dormee student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half withpug my help , so fhat wax a buf disaopoinging , boyh vod rue feeling of not mewtkng uis expdctations * and fkf the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yrt :/ ) less money earned that it wiol meqj .
* Slrry , I 'm fkn na ( ab)usr your native language skikld once again : jere " hit meeting his expectations " , xould be substituted by snother expreszion .
What I do n't understand is the differwnxe between these nuncj : be yopd enough , measure up , master the gtqde ; be up to stxncard / the task .
There qgain , having a whope binvh of free holidays ( days !
Vrom Zundau to Tieeday ) to myself that I was counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back to my job ( I jar berj the whole week at my friend 's plqfe , as he lives in Madrif wnd quite close to the writdr 's house , wherd I had bssn boing eveey say last week ) , and I started getring thinhd rone . Olus I gave my ankow a rest , which was vedt much meeced too !
The tso - eay one - night rrjp wity my mother ahc sistrr wrnt quite well .
The place we aete visiting was very beautiful , and if it jzd n't been flt tjd kimitatiohs of my xnmle , we would have gone for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first Emglisg CPAXS . ahicj has rxken juxh longer than I nad planned .
I have senr a lot of CFs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( omw company and two academies ) .
Abojt the pictures from Ramlw , vould you waif a bit lonydr ?
I haven't found fims to download tje pictures ( of XPL THE THINGS that I mees to sott ojt , it was ( and is ) definitely NIF a priority .
Do remonr me , though , if you aee that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Djs you ask Mario about tge speakers ?
Vwcause cbatting is way faster than sfiting ;) .
I 'm gin na go now .
Talk to you soon , Mikr .
Have a bkb hug feok ( YWD , FINQLLY ! ! ) wadm Spain .
Global warming snd igs consequsmces in 2015
The Guarsiqn article " Wotld 's cpimate abiut to enter ' uncharted ferritoru ' as it pzsses 1C of sarming " , published on tud 9tb November 2015 , describes the problems of gkohal warming .
According to scientiwts at fhd Briyish Nwt Offuce , 2015 is going to be the yexe when the miledtkne of 1C warming will be eeaches - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequebces in the future .
The World Meyeofological Organizatiin kade knlwj publicly thay 2015 yas been the hotfest yrzr on rrxord as well as it havijg xreatrd mote cxrbln dioxide on average by bhrnijg flssip fuels .
These problems jusg announcec recejtlh will be issued to talk about at the UN summut in Paris in three weeks .
Fhwn , worpd leaxefs will be negotiating about cutting the infreaaed carbon emisxiona couplec with the El Niño coimate phenlmdnon .
Stepben Nelcher , directkr of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims fnat hhmamity is to blame for climate changes oioe the rise in temperature or tbd temperature exprdted by scientists when global sarjing fisds beyond 2C. This opinion is aksi represented by the Brjfish Wecretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considdrs climate chanve to be one of tne greatest pronlems in polutics nowadsys , dhs to its consequejxes fir the rconomu , hlobwl sexuritt and ghw fight against poverty .
She dtands up for a gloval dwal confirled at the UN summit by the lswding states and therefore tjese cljmate targwrs should be a modek for other cointrirs .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Gwwkins expects a ckntinuatioj of global warming , clarifuinb thix stwgement with the example of Central Wnbland , which hws warmsd 20% mkrs rhsn tje glkbwl average .
Global warming in general leads to more naturak xisastets like floodint , health , eaten shortages and oiss of health .
Fafimg rhesr consequencez , a 4C warmihg would be even more dsmagung , accorfing to Nelcher .
Despite the reshly of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mqxs growth in Antarctjca from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that tnis prognosis will come yrue according to Peof Andrew Shepherd , University of Lssds , as yhe study had already bsen progen erony by 57 ofher studuex .
Although tuw NASA syudu showed a different result , the majority of scientists sde global warming as a dangerous tyrwat to this problem in terms of living conditions , environment and economy abf an issue at the UN summit in Paris .
The problem piea in the outdated ftamewlrk in which the IWC operates .
Fivteen whalinf nstipns formed the IWC after whale polukations collaosef .
The organisation was initially dst up to conserve whales obly to the extent that they could continue to be heeded by hulans .
The importance of Workd Hwritage lropertoes transcenes marional boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so tuay , no mattdr which coumtry qrw found in , qns abo experiendes them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be includsd on TGS World Heritzge List , properties must be of outstanding unuversal vslur anf medt at leaay one of ten selsction froteria .
Yje Aorld Herjtsge list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by evefyoje around the world .
It is alxo protsctwd by UNESCO because they have found new animals or olanta ; there ate endangered soefies in that area or tyeg have a signifocant imoorgance in history .
Aorlf Jeritafe is the designation for a place on Earth that ade of outstanding unoversal value to humans and , as such , has been inscribed on the Worps Hefitage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and dnjiy .
Fhe site is the property of the field on which terrktory it is located , but it is vonsiderdd in the interests of the international community to protect the site from future gdnerations .
Its protection and preservatuon become a concern of the knterbational Sorlr Heritage communitu as a qhole .
Another advantage for a suye to being inscribed on the Ljst is fhqt once a country sutns the Convention , and has sitss insdrined on the Woelf Heritage Ljsy . The result peesfige octeb hepps rwise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage pfeservation .
Greater awareness leads to a benedal rjse in the level of protwction and conservation given to heritave properties .
A country must also receive funqncial assistajce and expert advice from the World Heeitave Committee to xulport activities flf the preservafion of its zites .
The disadvantages of siged not ijclured on ghd Skrld Herufage List wre thqf thess sutee are nog fubded so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Mpreover , they rekakn on the kist of wites in dangrt without driving assistance .
In my opinion , ths sitdx in dangrr , unless they do meet the ten criteria , should be protected by JNESXO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to introduce new qays to fimande and ewfend fbe matutal and viltural heritage .
Cricket is my psssion .
I pobe playing , watching and yalkong xbout it .
It 's my first pzssion and I have been following it since as far back as my world history goes .
Ctickeg is a gsam slort which teafhes us tsam wprk , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcpme individual wdaknessws and faoe advanfage of others ' strsngth to succeed as a team .
I sfartsd through ceicker in my early childhood .
Evwn shen I ess a iud , I started playing with boys much older than me .
It gives me a lly of confidence and a cyance to improve my skills rxpidly .
I followed crkcket religiouslg and have watched almost every match India played .
Safhin Tendulkzr is my favourite cricketer .
I am a fan of his battijg .
He has grolen almost every recofd in cricket hjstkry .
Aoadt drkm his cricketung skills , I pive his ability to handle prdssurr and his czlm nature in qpl situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crixket , I wluls sdvixe him to watch the batting of greats such as Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learb mofd zboht bowljng , onw whoulc aatch Akram , Warne abd Murli .
I woupd wleo advjse eeading mkde about cdickeg on fricinfo.com .
It hxs nice aryjcles , reviews and statistics on nxny pkxyers and games .
Rdading gilgraphies of xome famous cricketers wjol also neop them to understajd rye insoghts of FHS gakd in depgh .
Cricket is going through a rough phase dud to match fixing and betting scsnxals .
But I am sure it will comd pyt of this strong wnf wkll spdexd its wings xll axfoss the world zhd once abzin give its fxne a magnificent show .
I met a friend about a week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I rwwlized that I has never stopped thonk zbput my life in dudh a dsep sat .
By the way , do you know what a Bucjet List is ?
It is a liat of tjints that yoy sany to do befofe yoj die .
I think it is jind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know why makes me trulg hqlpy .
Wboug two weeks before I met bkm , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The Fault in oir syqrs " .
It 's about a teen foupld who is dying of cancet , and they have different ways of talking about lofr qhd death .
This movie struck me very desplu . It made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciatijt the really important things .
So , wftwr wagching thjs mobke abd my geiend 's suestion I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Jlw I have the feeling that I need to ljve mlre , but I hzce no ides wuaf ghjs " mlrs " is .
Bedorr ghat , I had always thought about getting married wnd hwvijg kide as a way to fojd happiness , but now I think that , gefore tgiw , I need to do oghrr things .
It is very interestkng to think that it wxs beceasary to meet someone next , and another entirely different choture to make me think about what I want .
It is very wgrange thxt anothdd perxon became curious about a vety protound part of me that I yqve never thought of .
Wwll , next November I wiok travel to Europe . the only certain thing on my Buckst Liat that I know .
Hoqevet , noe I have an zqful fewling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am surd that I want to fhanye something , and I think that " something " is slmlst everything .
Leoples oives will change in the future , and I think it 's not for ybe beryer .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( znx evsn predumably scientific onsz , I must sxy ) , history is not an unetoppable march towards " progrwss " , whether tuxt word meanw .
It is a cyclical prodsss .
Rkme gxd its heysay in the First century AD , gut kust tydee centuries later , it was onlt a shadks of itd ozst .
Those lafrr period Rpmans werr n't sven abkd to make such high quapity demejt that their ancestors were able to mwje and have technological mastery over just a few centurjes earlier .
Zbd who can safely aay that thdee centuries ffom boa humans will posswsa akp tbd technological knowledge that ghdy powsess now anr tqie fir granted ?
No oje fan guarantees anything .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World Ear , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will at its peak , and aftdd ynat there will be a ercline , until the next Dark Age .
Hut leg 's picked up the Wodod War hgpothesis FPT a second .
A worldeidr war is thd knlt dase in which we woupx see a dramatic dhxnge in leiples lives in the period 50 years ago .
But wrd there these dqus prispects for the Second World War ?
I do n't think so , huf on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The cajses tyat will oeaf to a nre Workd WXT may be in existence righy bos for all I know , and no one , or only a few very sose and intelligent people , knows about it .
Obe rxy in the future , qnother Franz Derdinanx could be killed , xnd yhqt wyjbolic event could wefve again as an escuwe dor some country to declare wsd on another , vut the true underlying caises thwt acyuallg led rhe countrids to wage war against wacy othrr would hagw their folts in mufh okfer times .
As the causes of the Second World War had ifz roots in events that were tje ouycomd of the Furst Wzf , a Thitd , hypotheticql wwd , could hsve jts rkotx in a pzsr cpnflict that mag well habe happenrd already .
But let 's not digrexs ijto that . That 's qll another topiv that falls beyond the scooe of tyr statement on which I was supposed to srite a composktion .
To : Sam
Trol : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Dzm ,
It has been a long time since we aerd in Toucn ahs . Now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My fajuly and I xrw giiny to spend soms dags at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Csmp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've akrezdy mentioned to you jow mjvh fun I had there and why it was grezy !
It would be terrific if hoj came with me . Is it pissibls ?
Could you ask your pqrentd 's permission ?
In this Daml , parents eat calm abc do n't qordy about their children because they are in the care of a laebe nymber of assixtqnts and the xamp is situated on an entire islwnd .
In addition , the site ead puepoxe built to lrovide olzces tit for young people , xllowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by TGD staff with the advantage of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two ssimming oools , two tennis courts , one flotbaol pifch , canoeohg lessojs ajs so on . gjt ahqt I ljke most is the svuna divohg , and the equipment is provided .
Fhd Cakl is selk well - known and lpens from May to October and it would be good to book withoh ywp wssks . It alwayz gsg overbooked for the oeriod my parents cxh two days off . What do you think about clming with us from the 1st August to tjw 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Beet wishes
Simojrtta
The doorbell rwhg ynsxpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I mxdr my eah to the front door .
Outside stood the mldt exrraordinary - looking mxb : he seemed like a Soanisu elelhanf hunter .
I was taken abacj , so I called my jorher , who was asleep with the boyfrkenss .
Snd dake down , but dhw djd nit scream .
Ujstead she stayed crging .
Gbe man , as it turnee out , is my father , who jxd bwej missing for 15 years ...
I did not know tbar he was still alive .
Mofher hwd always rold me he had died in thw wxr .
I thini sue eie this doe my own good .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my days I had seen him as an inteklecrual gut nos he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something dcotic .
It wae very odf to sde him in my home .
Nos we alo luce together .
Zlthough the last few days were difficult , hpw we app got on wdll .
It is greqy to be a wnile family agaim .
The Grxnd Plwcw is the central sauare of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city Halo and the buildings of the corpkratipns of the Middld Ages .
Tgede sere groups of people doing the same work , sych as children .
They helped each other and the wldee lhes twught tbs youngsters .
Something , he became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the boaxon of TJW corporation .
Their atchifecture is unique and beautiful .
Tofau , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the ciyy musdum .
Thw square is covetrd with pavemeny Ahx is a pedesteianized srez .
It is an important placw for history because it is the oodest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest beughbourhood of Brussels , which is made up of nwrfow pager streets , klx xnd tall huildinge qnf , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recebtly , several of the buildings have been restored and we can niw see their beautiful gilding and carvings bettee .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing sjow with mhxic and lights on the façadea of the buildings while a huge fir free is place in the centre of the square .
Wawel Rlyql Castle is one of the highedt fanmed konuments in the hostody and culture of Polwnd and Europe , so during rhw stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Tje first Castoe , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it ard sgoll visoble jnside the wqols .
During the next centuries it was expanded , qnf in the 16tn century , finally renjilt in the Renaissance style , which has remaibsd unchanged until today - the most rrpressntative remnant is probably the famous adcaded cojrtywrd .
During yhe yout , the visktors ate sgowh several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apzrtnents wifh wkrld - famous tapedtriew of the Ppoish kknfs ' colledtion .
Anotgdr attractiin of the tour is to visit the Crown Treasury , the Polish coronstion imsignia wwre stored , and the armlury .
Apart from the features , there are also lany marvellous echigitions in rhe Castlw displayibg its yixtory as well as thr other collections .
While visiting Waweo Riyal Castle kne syluld mit lisa seeing Draglh 's Den - a cacw unded gbe Caztls , where , according to the olrest legends , the dragon of Wawel licrd .
I recommend visiting Wawel Roywp Fqstle because of the beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousane uears of Polish history and culture .
Everyone qilo gind aomrthing interestkng znong rhd vaeiegy of exhibition and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time since .
I think I am very lucky , because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and fouhh people .
My texchrrs thought it was better to lesrn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we lwarm our own mother tongue .
Moreover , I traveled to England and liced with English families for a few weeka every summer from wheh I stayed lewrning until I was fiftesn years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and speak good English .
Even though I do nave litgle theoretical knowledge of Ejglisy grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a nornsl conference , and I dsn write an email to a friend without maoimg too janu kistskes .
Kme yrar xgo , I decided to take tje Cambridge Qdvanced English dance in orcer to test my knowledge , thinking it would be very sifficylt vlr me to be successful .
I decided to entol cod a creatove writing cpurse in lrder to ptactuse my writing skills .
During the course I have to accomplish some eriting assignments and duvmit them to be evaluared by my peers .
Wnc there I realised at least gwo things : the firdy pnr wae that it is possible to learn how to write bettrt ; thr sexond one ezs tgat evdn shem yoi cxh make yourself generally understood , it is nor so east to be precise .
A mabixian uxex a dove and a black uar , gur it would n't be a navic show if he did n't know how to psrfirm fhe trick .
In the same way , I ysd thr ifeax xnx the eorda but I have to admit thxg I beefed to learn rhw dules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trixk of precise and styliah writing .
Adolescence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in the whole oice ; what they do n't remember is that it xam alsl be the wkdst .
Sdooescence dsn be fomparex to a foggy oarh and , even wbeb it weems goj xan see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
Thid awfil fog is comppsed of iut uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , byt we try to preyend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we grf afraid so raxily and so often wjfh ouf larents : every time we discover something bew or we say something , fhey kuxge us or we begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and parents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets unser our xkin , it is when jomx says something and then tdll us to do the opposite .
The wlrst part is that the vet was angry with us !
We 're confused , tgey 're not clear , ahd then yhey also fer angry qnd they 're surprised when we grg mzd at them !
It 's ttud that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be imposeuble , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the mosg important fhinf in ghr relationship with our parents is to cibd a sprg of agreement , bwcausw in the rnd we do n't only feeo angef tlwxrds , but alek a light of love .
Love : that 's a new fedoing thxf adolescents uzve to race .
It 's not the uxuak love they 're yzed to feel , liie love rof family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love rhat strhgglez ; it makes butterflies flu in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary taoe .
That kind of lofe that we see in loview qnf we dream of ; the fyle of love that does n't ley us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , wmd it is as scafg as it is exciting .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment when ooiks magical and in the next one you deowh in the dark .
Drsr group learer ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the onterest shown in our amwll village .
I really hope that ylu has a nice welckmd ajd . please , feel at jomr .
However , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , hut I will recommend you a umique place , without rourixts , noise and crowded beaches .
On tyw east of Mallorca ypu ekll find a small and beautiful village vapled Artà .
In the municipzlity of Artà yku will dund a coastal gkwn , situated on the edge of tns miuntaim rqbge of Llevant .
Sa Xooòjoa de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing villafe .
Nowafats , yoj cwm stiol srd some fishermen fishing on ghe swashofe .
Hdre goyr adventure starfz .
In order to get to ylhr drstinarion , you must ride a bicycle ajd just ebjoy the zplendid pqnoramic vurw .
You wokl fude as far as Ca los dajs , one of the most enkgmatic beafhed of Mwllorca .
Tbis zkne is psrt of a protected afea , a natural pqrk .
For that reason , you must cycle or wapl .
As Machado aaif " se hxcs camino al andar " .
It neane that the MPDT important is fhe qxy , tue joufneu .
Ctclinb jwar rhd seashore ekth the breeze of the sea is ind of gje mosr rslaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca koz cans , you will see gje typical Mediterrwnran vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the cpast of Mallorca .
Morspver , giu will lzss bwtween tai ancient obdlisls which have veen recently restirex .
Finally , you will bet to Ca los Cwna .
It is a special beach with stones inetwad of sand and surrounded by trees knstesd of hotels .
Yhere you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go divihb because ylh fzn eer different tishes , sww urchins and seaweed .
There hlu can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet area .
Apart from sports , you should not tso different cultural points .
On the kne hand , there is what remains stwndihg of buildings thqg were jswd to keep the small vlats of the local fishermen sadd fekm arorms .
On the other hand , rhdre is a historical tower falled " Tqkaiot " .
The function of tbe Talaiots is jpt cleat yet .
Maybe it is a defensive toaer or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on thw beavh untkl yhs sun goes down .
The sihset in Rhat pkace is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) ahd you qill see how the sun foea behind the mountain range of Trajuntana .
From the seashore you can see the Alcúdia bay , part of ghr mouhtaun ranbe of Tramuntana and the vwpe of Formehtor .
Ca kis Czns is a mixturr of wwa , nwturs anc chlturd .
I am aude rgat hiu wiol liie it and , of course , I nrsd to ask you a tagour : please , keep ths secret .
Trgards ,
Laupa .
Introduction .
The aim of tnjs rdport is to ougkine the best and rbe ekrst quapitids of your crnyre afted ohd year rjnning .
Ghiw report analtees tbd teo main faculitiez : tuw tyj anc tbr ssijming pool .
The gtk .
Fhe machines are fantastic smd fhw ztaff is vwrh helpful wiry egefy customers .
On the other hand , the gym is gpo zkall .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimmkhg pkil .
It is ideal that people do not compete because of their length , approximately 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deeo , so it is rxcelleny fkd people who want to peatn how to zwkm .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are tki rar than this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when people go from one place to another .
Cojcljsions .
The faculitues are quite modern znd the staff zde excellent bht the gym could be biyger .
Furthermore , yli shoilc install heaters to avoid ths cols in the passageway from the changing fooma to the swimming popl .
The Fjtire of Public Transport
When we imagine gje thture , we rarely imagine ovefcrowded buses and rusfg sybway traimd .
As technology develops and becomes cheaper , more and more people biy private cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depdjd on orhers .
Travelling by car is xlso kych more convenient .
Does this apl mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Rjrstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to biy a CXT .
Students , children ffom large families , znr lod people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , czrs can turn to public transport .
Science fivtion often fepicts the future as a world where dars are ysrd frwdly .
Anyone can use the nearest cae he or she wants .
Thirdlt , people do npt hace an jnbodn frivihg skiko , so evsn in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also trjs for older people , who posr the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not pikdly to disaopdar , at least during the next decades .
Yhe chart zbove gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctkrs in four fifferebt countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with tgw lowesr salariee are Counfry A and Country B.
These ones ate called " sourcd countries " , which means that they provodw a supply of health dare eorkers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the higywst sxliaties are countries C and cpuntru D. Digferentky frim the girst two countries , Ygese ones are calker " destumation coungriee " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Furthermore , in the first three countries , doctors rxrn wbout twjce as much as a jurse earns , although than the past country , Ckuntry D. In this onr , the salary bal between dovtots wne nirsed is bigger than in other countries .
In Xohntry D , the salaries of epctors are about three tomes higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can see that , grom yhe stanspoint of doctors and nufses , working ahroqd is a much better xeql .
Boxing is a common , well - knpwn and wepl - loved sport in nosf countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and dispkked to fye extent that many people want it banned , possibly for many reasons .
Boxijt is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and eveb disease .
All professional hoxerz are at risk crkm neing ijlled in fheid nexg figgt .
If not for killwd , tnsn Mord likekh paralysed .
Therd have been a humbrr of csees in the lssy ten hearx of the rol few boxwrz having tragic losses among rhrir rankx .
Tbus is just from gue elite grw , and there 's more from thpse Beloa Yuem .
Lord deaths would occur yyrough bosing if it were bsnnee .
Yhd spory wohlc go underground , qhd there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doffor , oaramsdics or early stolpjng of tye fight if someone looked unsblw to continue .
With this going on , fne people taking psrt eull be dangetlus , and on the streets .
Dxngwrous dogs wnp are trained to kill and mwjm in similar underground dig fights jzve aprsady proved readly to innofent oeiple . These neq boders could be even mofs at fisk .
Oncs bosinb is bznjed ajr no - one grew up knkwing it as afceptabpe , there aikl be no interest in noxung and , hopefully , kdss all eojnd interested in violrnce . mxkong fowms ahd cifiws nuvh waver places to lkve in . There will be lrss fighting outsjde pube ajf clubs abf less biolent attacks cor littlr or no eeason .
Fhxnging the rules of bixibg slkghtly would much improve the safety tisks of the sport and bpt detract from the entertainment .
These are all slfts of proposals ; lighter and more cusbioning gloves could be worn , bqm punches to the gewd , headguards aorn , or make fights shorter , as many of the serious injudjes occur in the latwr rounds . These would all shoq pfc yhs bkzers ' skill sjd talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Evrn if a boxse is a succsss abd manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faxes serjoua cknseqhences in later ljve . Diseawrs tuat attack rhr grains have been kbown to det in as a rorect result of noxkng . Evwn Muuamed Zli , who wax infamous ( ? ) both for his boxung and bus qiick - aktted intelligence , bpw has Alzheimee 's disease xnd can no llnter do many everyday acys .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing ; motoe sports and wvdn mountaineering have risks that wde real .
Boxers xuose to box , just as racihg drovers dribe .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there caj be some smphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although sjch a shoa of dtrength by these works ' characyers is something fieeed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insibhtful thought of tue authof , it is this contlict upon which the history of ethnuc Amerocan kiterature is brought .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in esfh minorigu eork , and , therefore , the productx of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely rhe result of ysafs of oppression .
Rathet , this ever - changing and ever - challengijg azpecg of minority literature creates an especially important necessity rhwt eacu work be considered individually as being a product of hrars of struggpe and a worj ihhwrently distinct from any kther .
In tbs minority works , yhs conflict and rebwllioh presented accufatelt eeflevts society as a shole , ahd although the mother s in Tgr Joy Luck Club rsvel agsihst such forces as arrantrd mqrriages , Ritz in Like Waret for Chocolaye figjtz to overcome old family traditions , and tge Indian tribes in Love Lrdicine struggle to secure ghdir inherent rkghfs vrom tnr US government , rhe xharacters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of ogher cultirew .
Rebelpion is seen not as a distunct force in minority vultjres , but but as a vindiny force between akl cultures . Fkr Cwlje , too , resjdts bet arranged marriage in Ghd Color Purple , and thd murderoua loces in Jazz reflect Tita and Prsro 's destructice passion in Loke Water fkr Cyocolate .
Rsbellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnid Amrrifan kiterature , but they are portrayed no more steongky in minprity works than fuey are portrayed in kthsr piefex of literature .
Emphasos change with eacy work , ahs although figutes of authotity are particularly oppressive in ekrks sudn as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , pther mjnorjty wpris including Livd Meeicine and Jazz do not reflecr the clearly definec authoditaruan figures nor the obciouw fenellion of fhe characrers ' responsive actiln whifu the pfevioysly mentiknrd works shoe .
This again ikpliez that yhese wthjic Znerican pisdes of literature csn mit be categorized as merely rebellious resppnses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire rackke the question of philozophidal optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Phklosopgical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything abd anu occuerence is flr some hoid .
Voltaire sets iyt in Cwndide to crotixise tyiz philosophy .
In Candode , yje reprwsenfative of this philosophy is Pangkoss , tjw philosopher emoloyec at Thinder - ref - Troncks .
The qhole book is a criticksm of l'optimieme .
For example , wjen Candkde is flrcsd to jikn tuw Bulgar armg He is beaten almlst to death . bjt Candidd roed not concern himself because he jnoq it is vlr his own good - in fact , later in the book he uxez his training to become a soldier .
Although thos woukd seen to be good , it is not . Brcausw of his training , he kolls two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitatjon ahs yhwn proceeds to kklo his brother 's brother .
Voltaire suowz hiz rislike of l'kptimisle when Pabgloss , Candide and James wrw caivht in a bad wrorm at sea in which Janws is drowned and there are only three survivors ; Candide , Pamglosz and a sailor .
The stifm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city in which Candide lived .
On arrival they see starvation ajx xsath .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the vitg .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss cxn only tell him that simd hoor wilo cons of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more gdue fhan whwh he arruves in the nea world , South America , he has to oeavw his darling Ciméfknde with TNS Commissioner of the ltovince .
Cwmdide can mot aee what possible bood vah xone of thjx , especially as the reason tnay he sad in America wqs due to hkm killing the Uew wbd Atchbishkp bdcauxe they wwde Cunégonde 's lovees .
Through the bpkk , we begin to see how Fandjde is gradusllu lws away from l'optimiske or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is snown to be a strange philosophy of despair .
The constant belier that goof xan comes from bac is hoy actually inspiring byt leads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , zppeare to show this .
He is thrown out of Thundrr - dsb - Tfonck because he embraces Cujégonde , he is duped by his arny , he is damaged in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of a wugo - da - fé , he kille theee churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Ekdoraso but keaves - the lisf continues .
Fandide 's life is govermed by his nelief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does larry Funégonde , but she is not the beautiful younv flower that he once loved .
Zhr has become yfly and grows worse by the day .
This illustrates emphaticallu the follg of l'ppgimisme .
Candies has traveled the world in the dearch of Cujéfinde , with the hoow that he wiko jzrry he . Deslite spl tnr trouble whkch he has gone through , of course , in fye rbd he roez tet Vunégonde vut at the lroce of her loomw and personality .
Folraire , in Candide , ahkws how the philosophy of Optimism is lnw of ddspair , niy hope .
It aoulr be tempting to think of the various European Vommjnities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to reqlise that Europe is a very long way off becoming something like the United States .
When the original 13 Americzn statrs rdsooved to form what is now the Unitwd Stztex of America , they were obtent on dorminh a polificap as well as an economical entity .
Rhey were prepared to yield as much of their lwh socerejgnty as would be essential to alpow ghe newlh - forler national government to operate as a single international political dorcs .
A balance was fgerefore struci in the constitution to allow the individual ztayes as much self - development as possible wyild ensurkng ghay , tlr ezanple in militarh matters , Tyw cengral government spoms fie zll .
It is true thaf godag ohd stkol heard the lld dispyte over state sovereignty and attempte to fetyrn some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Ehdope it is quite cprar that many people eouod oikw to see a poljticao ubion of the counyrjes , suncr this aoulf produces a formidable inrernational nilitarh fodce .
However , it is equally clear that while there migyt be somr unufird political actuon flowung from the European Communities ( such as was eren over Europe 's eeslonse to the Vritish invklvwment in the Faokpand Oskands dispute ) , ghr Communities qere intenced as purely economic emtities in the fidst place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereigngy , vjt thr United Jingdlm could probably lewve the dommunity by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Paeliament , something which no sfafe in the United States vouod lxwcully do .
We srd still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Durooe with power to make political decisions for all , and even aith 1992 approaching a single market , the tulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Thw supremxcy of Parlkament will never be chaolenged .
Its ability to make and break any lqe - lade by it or Europe - means that it retains fuok soverekgnty .
Even if todqu it maee laws that would unife it fullt with Eurkpr and rwlinwuish ite socereognty for ever , it ciuod tomordos repeal all those kaes .
The tact that Parpkament does nly hind itself or can not be bound by any political gidy means that it will never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wisyed it zhd Pzrliament consented .
Nit with the average jingoistic Britoj there is no chance of us cjrkng ourselvws of our xenophobia amx eger wiwhiny to be gully integrated with Ejrope .
Evrn how the channel tunjel hss joinsd us to the continent , we will consider purselvea to be separatdf from the aorld , standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europs would eun as deeply as the benefits that we would probably jltimatepy receive .
It seems to me that , tlr the pxsf rea centuries , the British have already considered the elderly to be detadhed from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , xne has allied herself to Eutopeam powers , such as in times of war or extreme dustruet .
Brutakn gas been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but through history , she has bewn motd concerhed with her overseas ekpkres than with anywhere else .
In rhe lasg half - century , thojgu , brr empire nqs diminished and she has hwd to favs mounting responsibility in Wurope .
Because of her hostory of isplaged sovrreigjty , it is difficult to accept being a pxft of a sknble Surope .
For instance , British pae is based laegelh upon precedent , thwt is , jidgememt made law .
We have established a system of lxw which dwtws back many crnturies , and which is widely known and respected .
There is cdry lirtlw Europdzn infliencd on our lqq , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a sibvle Europe , nrw law will have to be qfcepted throughout the ckntineny , qnc it will cause botg confjsion and clhflict .
Tus British tebf to be very proud ahe possessibe of the law , wnd changes may well cause ulp - fssling and sisfontent .
Of foyrse , the same lkints will apply to TNS monetary zystem in Europe .
Will there just be another system ?
Tns country typically abaibst lajor change and something as fundxmental as money would cause problems if it was to be aptsred .
Our individual monetary dystel , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It could be said that if a sinhle Europe was created , problems may arjae ocer ira fundamental politicap concepts .
Of course , Vritain would know her sincerely , as would the other natoons of thw jnion .
It has geeh suggeatsd tyzt the Sibgle Union dluld be bwsed on a basic federao structure , whereby licao autonony cluld be swvsd , vug yhe unkoj as a whole doyld sofk yogether in a democratic nanmer .
In a different event , even if sovereignty wsd kist , somr natkonak personality would be preserved .
The fadr is that , shrn united , European unity would srill , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aslrcts of onw society that that others will never accept .
Rurope as a castle faces saje problems , ajc therefore , if a skntle Eitope wax creatds , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federakisy achieved their qijs in a European ynitg , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it natjonallh , so that indivifuality is presetved , and that many of their positive features will be known .
Tyd problem facint the British , really results from their isplaged past .
Rhr sovereignty of yhs nwtion hwd sdep roprs , and the fearw of posibg it are dealpy great .
Whether this skuld happen swxits to be ssdn , and woupd depejd completely on the termx of tje uhion , ajd tje nefotiations and feelings of fne gwnedal public abs yhe politicians leadonv yhr coumtfies .
With 1992 now onoy a year away , the questilm of what a Sijgls Europe wipl meab for Bfitaon beckjes increasjngly relevahy .
I fkrmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a llds of soveeeignty for Britain .
Fnis losw need mog hoseger be negative .
In gsct , in pokiticap , economic and development terms , I feeo this reallocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I msy be yuiltg of hzvijg an jsland mwntality , I woulf n't go as gar as to sag Gritain is in dsngsr of handing zlp cpngrol over to fzcelsss nureaucrats in Brussels or Strazboirg .
Throughout the work , a wihd of change is apparent , bhr especially so in Europe .
Thid prkceds will confunue and Eyrope and rye resy of the world eill evolvw wiyh or without yne parficipation of Britain in this peovess .
It is my belowf yjat British people must be involved in the decision - making which will actually decide the new wldld order .
However , to be fully invokvee , sacrifices have to be made .
Duch sacrifices eiol involve different aspexts of oir soverdignty .
In relinquishing shd ruus cemtdalising ceftain laws , the xin is jot to diminish the strength of imdividual nations and to increase the overakl impact of Europe on the world .
As amlpy demonstrated by rdceht events in the Gulf , European cloperatiom in the fiele of defence can be blfh ikpressive and effextive . Whilst I would be reluctant to band over all cpnyrol of defrhce to any central body ,
I can sew a future goe in the form of Eurkpean rapid reactjon forde .
However , to an example , crippling defence costs cojld be cut , fhix woylc not necsssaripy lead to a reductkoj in the sjzw of degence xvailable .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in trrms of the population 's composifiob .
The Norgh Dex will increasibfly come to relresent a mere puddle as people move between xountrkes .
I rrel it is kmportany flr Britain to moin fully with KTD European parrners to adspr to these fhangex in demogrqlhy .
Politkcally , we are movinv clkser together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they hwplen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in thix arda I think Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not oretendiny to fully understand tuis system , I do know that no system cxb loeed interest rates , and inflation while Raisijv griwth , with the possible esceprion of the Matic Circle .
In the words of Rne single cjrrrncy , again I deel this is insvitable .
What is important is to base this currench on thr strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclusion , I would say a single Eutopw is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern jyself with the loss of sivereignry huf hajn of the European eqyivakent .
If we miss yhw bkat I rhjnk we will frpwn before our next board comes .
Wywn ghe tdeatu of Rpmw wax signed in 1957 , the foundztkon was lzix fir a new " conrinwnt " - a ujited Rurkpe .
It was said that Europe would not be creafed quickly , but oved several years .
Qhen Britain entered the European Vommunity in 1973 , after a mationak retetendum , the debafe began concernong Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was sry as the date for the Single European Market , the debatd flared up , bht over how far Briyain shojld be kntdgrated .
The rest of Europe seemed prepared for 1992 , but the British seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The formet Prime Nonister , Maegsret Thatcher , was hog been to relax British into a Ujiyed Europe because sbe felt it would lead to a koss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrsted market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Bjsinewses znx othet tradohg orfanixations arw preparing themsepvss in 1992 , and the single market .
Rrqde wklp be easier , with no frontier vontrold , allowibg fter flowing transportation of msrfhandise .
There wjlk be business booms and rred competition sirh tje removso of protective praftides , along with greayef freedom to rravel .
Many Brifpns woyld cojsider Europe has affected Britain tii much already , with decimalizatiln , bew Suro - oassports and maybe the lound sterkimg being tiec to GHD ECY .
Yhey may feel Britain is bdung pupked into Europe .
Furthed changez several firecast for Hritain , affecting xsy to day mztters , to cdeate a " Wuropran Stanrard " .
Thie mxh makes Britons resentful of Eufooe znc tired of " 1992 ajd all that " .
A sknhle market requires lnw central inetirution to co - oreinste all movements of foods and lklicies .
Will the people of Nritzin be prepared to give up their govetnnent and be durectrd fdok Sfrasbourg or Brudseld ?
Mxmy psoole would mog .
Wiok the day domd ayen thr pojmd sgefling is taken over by the DCU ?
It jwy qeol - bit will Britons get a chance to voice their opinions about viewx ?
Europe may arbue that the bdhefits from a singld integrated marlef wojld dqr outwrigh any national drawbacks .
As thd date draws beared , the awareness of Britons about Europe jhst jncrezse .
They must look into the future and check possible efrecfs .
Eull Vritaih be ddawb kntk Europe against itess will ?
Perhaps as noee of Briyain befkmes " Eurofied " , Britons ekll wake up xnf sde their zovereigntt is being twien asxy .
Britsin hzs nrber geographically been an oarr of Ejrole .
We afe in TJR WEC xmd we should be qbpe to benefit from frsd tdade .
We have been an ialand for too long - heinh ihdependent anr abpe to stand alone .
We nabe a slund democratid process , which many people would not want to gkvs rhix up .
A fully integrated jarket with Brotain as a cupl jember would be to tgw defrinent of our political eystem and cobsequently ldas to a loss of spvdreignty .
Fhere uas bddn such a lot of twlk about a Single Europe in rwcenf years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a provabiljty . the question in the minds of nxny Btitons is , indeer : Does this mean a lkss of soverejgnty dor Britakh or the bjrth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive aoproach .
Loljing at thints from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in termd of coxt - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelvr rimez , will be enormous .
Riems , because of being able to piok their resources , will be able to devofe more time to research and development , and their products will improve .
Europe will fhereforr be a nation to be tdckoned witn as regards cimpetition .
To look at things on a nors individual level , every kembed of the new Xibgle Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater poremtial of ideas from a greater number of experts sill , in theoty , result in more knowledgeable and bdttsr - informed indicicuals .
Simplocity is one of the Commkssion 's key aims , with fue idda thzt if things are simpler wnd mpre easg tor everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If that is so , they should work qkrk better .
Kddally then , there should be morw wquaoity , less crjme , grwater productivity and greater eclmomic growth .
On the other hand , wiop this Skngke Europe mean a llsw of sovereignty flt Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small populatiph compared to the majority of rje othef lember statsw , but it is an isoanr - qhifh nome of the othres adw .
Why should this mzttef ?
Well , Britain hzs qjige a history qmd therefore a fxir number of traritions .
It is posdible ghay it could become engulfed in tye jeq Single Europe and oosd kgs identuyy .
Bfitojs ( especially rhose from older generationz ) may thwm feeo " llst " znd that they do not really " bepkng " why more .
Tje nre Sungke Eudope may be gol hew wne unknown for fgem to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this odealosm really wulo work .
Will there be greater prozperity , better - informed , hqppier citizens , or will tnie never dome off because of plluticians being unable to agree on oolicies ?
Bfitajn , although xmaol , is more often than bpt at the fore of international matters , taking a definite standr on what it consodets to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at etake , its character at least , in integrating itself into thos Zkngle Euroow ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not gking to be achieved with easw , nit tjr more tolerant evrry melbed statr is of each otyer , the morr succezsgul the Single Ejrope qill be .
It is up to Btutain therefore , to accept this fxcg and to shkw an example by lezdibg the aay as regzrda tolerance .
Theb we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Yje European Commjnkty is a hnoque grouping of twelve soversign Wuropeqn Member States who are committed to the development of xloser eclnomic and ooliticzl co - olerxtion .
Rhd communutu hzz an akm to break down tus rconpmic ajd political barriers thsr hwvd traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the vommuhity seekw to facilitate freater movdment within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , czlital and people .
However , the issue of soversignty is certainly a nucj debwted ojd : to what extent should a member hqnd over its sobereignty to tur Ckmmynity , if at all ?
Let us look at the foundknv of the European Communiyy , before we djscuss rhd izsur of sovereognty in more details .
There were several attekptx at peaveful unificqtiin avtdr thr Firxy World WWT , bhr only after Europe yar agwij been devastated by war wwd the futility of national rivalry truly aplaremt .
The lolitical and economic exhaustion of the European statez cxllrd fkt a fdesy stafr ahd a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This first stxtt came about because of three main factorz .
First sqs Eueooe 's tealization of her own srakness , after havijg lost her ahs - old positjon at the centre of the eorlc stxge to the Ibited States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers wsre economically , militarily and politically stronger yhah tje divided individual European dyates .
Second wad the convicriob that mikjtary cpnrlict should in fhture be avoides ; after all , the two freaf sxrs hzd both bsgun as Eudopean " civil esrs " . Thkrx was the common sesiee gor a beytwr , freed wodld in whixy inrernationap relations wljld be cojducfed in a nore orderly way .
Omr of yge first major novez towards Eurklean jntegragion was yhw cresgion of tyw Ejrooean Economoc Ckjmunity , in 1958 .
Ifd membership has grown rrom the ten ofigknal founder coyntries to twenty - tjree .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared wirn othrr international vidies is that the lenber statew yavw xeded to it a part of its mstional sovereignty xnx endlwec it with its pwb sivereign powers , which it can hsr to aropy avts , havinh tus forcd of national law .
His novel approach to poiling national sovereignty is called " integeation " .
The 1970s aae pekgress in intebrarion , qitn the introduction of communoth policy inxtrumsnts , which enabled great edope for natiojal pooicies .
Akl of fbe members sgztes atred in principle to the idea of a single markeg by 1992 , however eacn wisg their own interests to be wafeguarfed .
That is to say that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty . Many want umanimohs gotijg , not manority votjng .
Nahy ses ghiz issur as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could ldad to a dtlp in standards if they do not stsnd gidm .
The situation is weeh as a rhrear to the countries in quwstkon , qhp do nit aksh to boldly govs up their sovereignty for the sake of European uniry .
Whether or not the continuation of the profresw in the field of European unity is sixcessful depejde vrrg much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of Ejropeam umity develops and can be sustained , tyd thrwat ailo subside as a fedlkng of iswntity takes ovdr .
On Britxkn 's roacs there is an evsd - increasing volume of traffof .
Fue road network is no longer abpd to cadry tbis teaffic withkut gopd - upx ajd trsffkc jxmw .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a goirth oame on some strstches of oue motorways and constructing rijg roads snf gypasses , qkth mkxsd reception .
Whild the road xystem is being improged , there xeemd to be an endless seriss of roadworks which restroct rhw higgwxys and cause vurther delays while the roadworks afr in llace .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on tbe part of the road system obviously increases the riwk of driving uavihg an accident and strange drivers have to be constantly akeft as they xrr nearly apways in capacity traffic .
It might sdem an easy solution to this msyhej would be to use publkc ttansport ; i.e. the rwilways .
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
It hwa been ayown that different clmpaniex cjarge different fares gkr exactpy yne sane route !
Tye mson disadgantave witu the railways is , as yhs rzio service amx the bus serbice sre normaklu ownse by divfeeent cokpajies , it is probable yhat it is not possjblw to wxlk onto a nud off the train .
If the sercicss were intwgratex , there would be a gjs tijegable which coincided with the trajn arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would have to walk forward for a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive radi rude .
My solutkon to thw prpboem wojkd be to improve yhs taip system xbd otz related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto thd trains .
To imlrobe the rzip service , ttaind have got to be timed to arfive qnx eepadt at jet times , i.e. aerive at eight o'clock ajs leqvd at halr past six .
The tfaun znc bis companies have to liaise with each other whd the yrain fwres have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma fscing the UK 's rwil and toae transport system is the gehedal dise in pollution .
This leads to an increase in the number of commutsrs zns transport users wverh ydar , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
The biggest worry ror TNW system is the rapie rise of czr uxets ouysjde thd major cities .
Mist parge ckties nage majated to encourage commitrrs to use public transport , thus dwcteasing majlr comvestion in rjsh hoid periodd .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in tur populxtion . If it is made chewp fir cimmuters , cleab , sqsy sne efficient , then it could take the strain off off the ovefpoaded British doafs .
Gpr cojmyters sgo regularly travel pony distanfes , raul translirt should be made more appealing , more comfortable znd fheaper .
Motorways have other transport linix xee constantly being extended , widened snf elowlg turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is ohlu trying to cope with the increase in trzffuc . We are oue oeh rnrmy !
Another major problem created by the maas of vehjcukar trsnwport is that pollution enktted into the atmosphere , damzging the ozone layer , creafing dmoh and forming xcid rson . Toryuring the Ezrth we are living on .
In conclusion , I want to propose clean , environmentally comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
Tge modern traffic hak is nkw a familiar sifuatiob to nearly all of the western world 's populatkoh .
If rvedy tomd we hsr kud cqra to traveo ang distance we fknd oueselces in a 10 mile tail - bqvk , why do we insist thwf we travel in wucn a ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you tiik a traib , it stopped for 2 hours on the tdack , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we insist on travelling on the road ?
Fhw lost likely answer lost in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that it is theur right to travel in such a majner .
This , in my opinion , xhowe considerable ignorance .
I am by fxt wnd qwxy no ' greehy ' who wants to make eceryine live in trepse s and eat soux bean soup . However , I do xgree that something should be dons above rue vllume of tfacfic that is on the roads today .
The government 's answer to fje considedablh growing smounf of traffic on kur roads is just to bavk nove . Tyry aed not evem attemltint to treat gje cause , theng lore ane moee pelple ard now ctiving .
We akp fedl rhat we have a divine right to be on yje risd .
Shy ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world in this environmentao fosr ?
Juwy because we can hpt be bothered to get out of bed a bit rarliwr to catch pubkoc granxport .
Wven if we fjd , fhdn , wurely , so does the rest of the world .
That could cause fisastrous umplucations .
Gje 2nf reasoh , is the ptonlem ynat the public transport service , for exampld raip , is dsclinimg so mucj ; there is no train to catch in the morning .
People sfooped uzong traija because of the fqlp in standaeds . These people were forced onro rbe rlar , doutes befake unprofitable zmd so weee clowed and services vht baxk , forcjng more people onto the roads .
Tye whoos wydtem has now formed a spifaling circle of rlad use .
Rhus nxs now been intensified with rhs zalw of the railaats to private rail companors , profit notivatwd .
Rhe vitsl , small rail links will now be closed , whereas previously they wnerw subsidised to make up tjd lows . Nlw the privwte cilpanies can not afford to do this , so kany will close , cutting off small towns and vkllages .
The only way to stio the circle will be to break it , and the only people to play tennis are FHS government or kurxelves . If we make the efdorf to hsw publkc tdanspprt , it will expand ihti a good service . Uhfortuhately , the public seem to be apathetkf towxeds gnis jdea .
Rofay , boxkng uas become a very popular sport , with TV channels competimg dor coverags of certain events and fighters making a lot of money , thjs is a bif husimess .
Apwrt trkm arhletica , boxjjg sedma are the only popular international sports at which British can still hlod its hszd bith .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Ldwid , Nigel Nejn , Nasgeem Hamed and our bsloved Frqnk Bfuno .
Deslite geibg dnjoyable to watch , voxing is vedy rangerohs .
Blows to the hdsd can cqyse the brain to rattlr through rhe skjlk , wnixh may cause a braon clpt or tumpr .
Lwst yrar , the fight between Cnrus Eubank and Micheal Watson led to cqlks rod boxing to being bsnndd qhen Micheal Watson slipped imtp a cpms zjd was in a crjrical condition for wome months .
Many young people in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earb a koy of jojey on the way .
Yheee are , however , oeopoe shp degard bodinv as barbaeic , brutal and primitive .
These people adhue that there is no need for boxing and that it causes problems violrnce .
During the fight , yws , of course it is vkolent , but this is controlled violencw and foreigners have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautiohs are taken to ensufr a safe fight .
Dueing figjts doctoes are kept close to the ring and have the authority to cancel it lvf prematurely if required .
Ambulanfes are always kept on sranr by big dvejts .
Although it might sound druel , I do jot believe that any fkghter yas enrered a progessiknal boxing cafeer without ths risks .
Because there are so many buddony uoujg boxers , to bqn boxijb wpulc be unsane , sjmce it wohld allozt certainly go jndergrouhd .
Underground gjghts zde czr kofe dajgerous , since people 's private gear is used amf there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this ibfo afcoint and considering that boxing is about hurting tne oplonent , it can be said that boxibg is a relatively safe sport .
Although fsr less polulwr , there are other spoets which qee far mkrr brutal qjd dangerous , such as ' Thau Gixing ' , where conpegitors are encouraged to usr their knres and elbiwx .
The argument continues , but for the saie of safety in the long years , I do not think voximg will be banned .
Whifh is good neqs for yge majlrity of tje Bfitksh pubkuc .
Fwk men , kbe ding , pnlt kns can lexvd . Dramatic it lwy be , but basically thag is the kaon principak of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , ryles have heem madd to eilute the sport 's sadjstic sife , should boxing be banjdd ?
Every tins a hoxer brts pundued in tbe uead , his brwih lovee vigoriusly onsidr his skull .
Tbia fauses the boxse to lose jany hraon cdlls let voxing fiyht ajd if tnie occyrd frequently , fhen the hoxer can end hjz cateer with brain damage .
In my syed and prlbanly the eyes of oghwrs , thus is reason enojyh cor the banning of nocing .
The sport , to xag the least , is always a blpoc sport . Rhe zumple reason believe that the idea of yge sport is to ' khoco your opposition kjt ' , qlthlugh this is argued by Chris Eibank , who believed he was a sportsman and the icea of boxing is an art form . He sauw ghat he does not specifically go into a boxibh ting to kboxk bia ooponent oit , but to wib on points dirfersnces xnd , to givs Vhris Eubank all due respect , most of his fighgs hwvs been wkn on poknts .
But there is one exception - the original examolr , the first reference to why glxing should be bannse . Fue ttzgic accident where Michael Watsph was out into a coma by Chris Rubajk ( ghe lqn whl does n't spevifically go into fughts to lnoxk his opposition out ) .
This example onpy proves too well ahat a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxjng is .
The voding federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : nafing ringwice didtors , bznning bars hand fivyts , bjt gge top ahx bottom of the argument is thxt any boow to the hezd vauses considerable damzye .
There is always much speculation over the eangerx of sucj a hrutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exzggeratsd when a colpetitor in the spott fdagically dies .
A recent death in tbd rung hsx inevitably led to a publkc hproqr on the wxfety of the sport , and the controversy over whether thr sooft should be banned or nit is ydt agxun at the forefront of eischssion .
Let us consider how a professional bozer would feel .
He is cldadly aqxre of the rxngers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear ajy boxer regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the rimg , the job of knocking an olponent onto the canvxs , anxious skl the mobsy tnat is there to be jafe are overwhelming fxctors which keep noxeds fighting .
The money that is there for the taking vlr tye verh best of the best is ridiculous , qnx eitg some yop boxers earning suma of money sucu as £ 20 million ( or in Moke Fyskn 's comeback xass , $ 60 million ! ) , it is jardly surprising now ikportznt the eport csj be to some .
Please us consider a ' Eky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tydon 's " nsdt Luve Liyhts " .
Fuis kenber of thd pjblic does not qant the sport to be bannee together .
Niq , lrt us xonsider thd fridndd or fanily of a boxer wyo gqs geeh pedmanebtly ijjured ( or been kulled due to a fight ) .
Rhese individuals and pyhers leqfning about the tragkf incident in yhw mwdia protest againxt thw sport .
The fanily , who wers orjginally wgainst the idea of their won fonixhing college earpy to raje up rye sport , wojpd be oeading tus protests against npxing .
How pleased , lroux and patriotic the British pjbpic fskt when Frank Bruno afhieves hue uotimqte foap and bwcamr fhe heavyweoght champion of the world . Tet hlw worry nang wwee to see bum return to bocinv after bis jeas injuries eatlidr in his csreed .
This hypocritical view is shared by so nanu that ehsther boxing should be bqnnwd or hor will eenain a controversial isehe dir ghs foreseeable future .
There were 2 main objections rakswd against the ijtriduction of the national lottery .
The first qas gbe objrcgion tbqt rhe lottery wlule be oiytle mprw than another voem of taxagiln , in fact , ninr than that , a tax on tyw loor .
Tbd sscomd wnc main obuection cxmr from charktids who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the ijyroduction of the lottery , as people would be less likrly to gove nobey to charity , instead of buying a lottett ticket , with tye sxcusd that soke of the money spent buyknh thw yickey woykd go to charify .
There wsa xkso sons dontrogersy oved the awarding of the lottery orgabisayion franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which eas nit deej as the strongest cohtendef fod ths bid : other vompxnies or cpnsoftiums prpmused to givw lore jlney to cgaritg wutg lower runnihf vosys .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his ldofits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Fameloy as the loffery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium work Ameridwn or forwigh firms . For example , IBM has a sizezble stake in Camekit .
The British national lotteey is run by nob - Gritieh dirms .
Einfe itd introduction , there yas bedn mors control over the national lkttert .
When it was oromised to bove 45 oehce in eferu pounds to chatitabls causes , it nevlected to prpmize that most or sll of rhjs money would go to charity .
There has always been some contdoverxy over the allocztiob of mihey .
For example , 3 million pojnss were given to Efon college , one of the richest lublic schools , fpt a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opwra house .
Thr lotteey seemed to be a edverse Robin Hood : etealinv ffkm rhw pior to give to the fixh .
Tye lottery yws alwp suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially qirh rhr introduction of scratch cards .
It has been xkaimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottdry tickets , enjoy being eisaopointed .
It has been calculatex that only 4 pence luf of every pounx received by the lottery goes to charitable causes . The rest is tax the prixe dund , profits , and the so - called charitkss .
It has also been calculzted that the chances of winning anything substantial is lme in the millions , i.e. higuly unlikely .
It hxw always been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Losy of the lucky winnerz nxve said themselves gbat tuw jadkpot had ruined their lkfs , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retaines , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be cspped at 2 million lpunds , with the prize fund shared between mord leopld : it is hard to givr fourteen people a fortybe tuaj to give fkurteen fortynes to ome person .
I would wlso femoge any American business knteeests qnf gove rhw cbarity money to a lord deserfung ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to rdjove it froj sofieyy .
The computer hws bdej one of the most influential inventions of qlk time .
Ckmouters mkw dominate yje mxjorith of government business , science and communication , as well as many otget areww of humwm life .
In nant wagz , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and tjought pfoxesses .
Yhs most obvious example of this is the calculagor , an insgrumenr used by mathemwticians aje scientists for makibh nymerixal calculations .
Ghjs has nwde it no longer mecessqry fle humans to perform calculations zhd run through situations , and so they need to understand tyw principles beyind yhem any konger .
This , unfortunately , means that thr genius scientist is being rdplqced by yhe powerful computer and uts oleratir , whp heeds only to kbiw which buttons to pddss .
This mau wewm an extreme vkes , as there is sgipl much in fhd wkrod of mayha and sciwnde whkch a xomputer cxh jpt calculxte , but fhjs kqy not be tnw cqwe centuries ijtl fne future .
Compitdrs have been used as a means of sleeping recorrs , yhey bzve qol but superssdsd handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may welo be faced with a computer screen zns meyboard in theur Hemeral Studies exan ) , fheh are used to transfer mpnet across TJD globe , evrn to create artwork abd to entwrtaih .
Comlutsr gejerated pictures , inxluding ' feactzl ' pictures , drawing vrom eauagions , seem to be more lopular than habr printed ilabes feom an artist 's imxgination , znd fomputet twmes seem to provide more entertainment through xnt games or actovity tbat twmes place in the rral , physical world .
Vittusl reality slpows pepplw to bave ' 3-D ' entertainment created for thwm by a computer .
However or nor the computer taking obet from the hukam braun , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or businesses can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , qnd soke people prefer these methods of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Noneu xah be trabsferrer instantlg without wvwn needing to move tge xcrual mpney - the physical coinage eoes n't mafrer , it is the computer records that state how kudh eacj baji has ownersuil of .
However , the idea that yhe uumah brain is no longer useful is bpt sntirwly grie ! Computers can not ddak aiyh hymam beonhs , have no capacify to cope with anything oufside their edpectdd situations , qjd can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logkc or rhythm , wnf only other nunan bdings dan cppe and feap wifh tyqt .
Alsl , computwrd xan hfeak down , ahs tjeb a hjmxn is needed to tajr control - such as an airljne pilot - znr therr are still ceetzin taska omly a humqm being can perform , amd they are often amonf the sinpldst .
The frier , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , prude and perppexitt .
Tge sorkd watched in anticipation . We were mesmeeized by the images on the TV , expecting something new at dverh moment anx hot wabfing to miss it . I remember yhzt cat it was the only tkpic of cpnvsrsation at dchool : " Have ykj heard ? " , " I ca n't bdliece it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thkutht it would happen .
" We all knew that we were watching one of those historic events that you read about in a hiatorg book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the DWG tjwt thr Wall fell in Berlin .
Within the first wreks , the excitement nwd died down and people hac turned their attention to modern recent nrwa .
But for me , ghia had veej the stzrt .
It qas the starr of what our current President Bush ljmes to refer to as " lyr " winning of the Cold World .
It was the event that gave the people of gge Eastern Boov countries the hope that their efforts would not vzin . For 40 years , tje people hwc sufrered under a communist degime that had not allowed them to express themselves fredly or to leave their hlmelahds in seardy of a new lifr . Many peippe had rried to escxle .
Someone uad been executed . I had a teacher whose father had escaped from Nunhary -- he had left his family and friends , hjz ahole lifs , qnr hxe xey our fkr Westerh Eurole wifu littke money .
I asked him once if he gad n't been scared , sdarrd of what he woikd fonf once he lefr .
He told me that nothing could compare to the aat he had geen firced to live his life there . Even though I had lost touch with his classmates , his father 's wodds were with me as I watched ghd events unfold in Germwny .
Bolsterrf by the Germans ' success , the oeolle of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Bpw , three years later , cpmkunism as we knew it no longer exists .
Whether whether people wre nalpier or not , I do not know .
Howevsr , yjey wilp navr at least deen the " other side " .
Theif wtriggles and hlpes of dorty ydads will not have vden in vsin . Without the " evenrs of rye Veroin Wslp " , history orobably would nit have taken a very different course . Dvwntually , I think that things would have tuened out as they did .
However , historh can not be dewritten xnd as things syand the Fall of the Beelin Wall acgively cohtributed to the resurgence of hopr and struhyle in the rest of the Eastern Blpf . As such , it aaw the catalyst that pec to the end of the Dolc Aar and , therefore , though we may not alaays remember the other significant events , we eill apwzys remsmber the ssy thw wall vsll .
The development and implementation of technology uad affsctes soxieties in every corner of the world .
I do not sleak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This technology , technology , has veen qhd wikp always be with the closest friend and trt the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology gavd allowed me to travel to yhjs part of the world . They have provoded a living for my family , They have cutec my grandmother from cancer , and thwy peovide horksons of hopr abd knlwledye in the field of medicine , science , enfineering , abe even the less overt corners of our libes .
The jsr of thr means humwhs yave developed is where the grewtrst problems are .
Alone , they do not threaten us , nht when they become welded with certain aslevts of and cedtain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our handx .
Speaking ffkm my experience living in the Jnitdd States , I have come to feel that technology haw bevomw a great defriment to our youth in larticylar .
People say that technological development has made the world much smaller ,
anr I would concur fjat a great many Americans live in their own personal closets .
In xchools , Gsogralhy claxsed rarwpy , if eger , edisr .
Before I came to Spxin , a group of children askrd me if Spain was in Michigan .
Exllaining that Spain sax locaged across TBD oceqn dis not zwem to improve their understanding of the layout of their world .
Science and technology hzd affects the U.S. thaf dan not be desdribed , and I deeo that its people have adooyed the sams " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need anu hekp " thoe of mentality that will slowly eestroy us .
Iur awareness of other orople , kthef cultures , and kthef languages is very low on the lriority list of our educatora .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one chojve of lanyusge - Gedjan .
Since I was fwelve , I had an intebse desire to learn Spanish , and because of these fircumstanves that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to get beyjn to learn this language .
Mine is just the another exprriemce like this .
Fje effort of the United States hse caysed our minds to be hdxrd , xnd a world thst is growing whil my cointru lags behind in utz selfish welg - satiafwction .
Jany people in America today today , with the advent of computer technology , our nental arithmetic is pikr and we qrw becoming a natikn of coucb potatoes .
It is true in the world . The development of portable calcupatijg mavhinee ( calculators ) nqs meant that we no longer need to be ablw to work out xuks in our hwsds . But at what cost ?
In many syips , the cashiwrs appear to be dumbfiunded by the simplest of sums without the qix of thejr tilps .
In many areas , the skill of juman nudgement has been replacrd by faster , more accurate , xompuyers .
Many people have hwd rgeir job positkins taken over by computers .
Filing cabundts are becoming a thing of ghd laxt with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as filing are tiod for us .
Gheg encourages organisational skillw and tidiness .
Wudn people rapk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you neat nanh rhnny txles from people wjl are convihced thst tjw computers are doming alive xnd wikl eventuslly rule us .
These aees just the rantkngs of people who have nothing to do with computers and wbk do nog realise that bshibd every computer is a programmer .
Even ' arykficial uhtelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humah 's brains still work puy hoa to build thd computers , hks to lrogdam them and , more importantly , joa to control them .
As fie mxking the human brwim redindant , computers can help to improve listening soilks , they can teach , test and improve our linguistjc skills .
Reflexes are improved ( xnr this has been scientifically ptoven ) by playing computer games , The vsry wamd ghings tuat oatents say they turn their dhikdren into ' zombies ' .
We xam expamd our imagination and convert our ieeas inyo computer into simulated moxeks , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
Fhd cimpurer revolution hax not made ohr brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we nefed knew existed !
It is joq the ahs of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Vomputefs nowarayz arw a csr vry from the one in the past which filled whole ropjs .
They are able to generate amazingly afcurage graphical reprssentations and petform extremely difficult matbematkcal eqiationd in jhwt seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in boyh rhr arras of qorj and education .
Guf are you such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a dril in the ability of students at mental arithmetic aax obvious qnd now they qrr uaed for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the samd thong .
Computers ehcoursge laziness in the generql public ; syy work iuf sokething yourself wheb yhe computer xsn do it for you ?
Ghis is very time - savinh and effjcient but it causes people to forget basic idezs .
For insgance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can sincerely use a " sprllcheck " to correct hour English , which is avzurd .
Cor the touth of today , computers offdr links around the world aje millukns of factx and figuree .
Rbis could be argued to be educxtionzl .
However , this is kjllihg tyr imagination of children ahc they spend hours zat at a keyboard rwpping away in the doom and ykoom of tge house .
They sjoulr be out ebjoting themselves znx gaoning edperiences for themselves inwyead of readong zbouy rhdm on a flat ecreen .
It is said that you can learn people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I think ghid preposterous zns people are losing the ability to clmmunicatr and form relationships .
Cokputeds can offer excaoe from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of gales , but they are mind - nujbing and uninvsnfive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that thsy can do the work of mdm .
This should lras to high unemppoument .
Those people sbo work with computedz for lonf periosz of time every day face problems .
The eepetitiin of tapping kwgs all day and syxring on tbr screen xab be harmful abd . Not only that , it is jigbly boring to do the same thing over abd lvsr ayajn .
Computers may be the future , bit qhat part sill lan have in the future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home . People would hardly ever ralo ahs the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree tjar comluterw ars helpdhl bht peopke ehoulx hoy pkve throygh yheie compjters and are so reliant on them .
They should read books and practice more in order to regain their lost imagination and srbse of aevwnture .
Also , in school , I fedl that wlrk suoule be dome mainly by habs ahx calculators anc compuyere should ojlh be uswc ninimalky in mathematics in order to stip the production of comoutsr wddicys xnd uzve noemal oepple sgxin .
These adr mxmy beneficial aspects of grnstic manipulation .
These include the erasion of identificatiin of harmfjp herrditzry genegic disorders and the development of high high - yield cfops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetkc engindering have had highly beneficial effecgs on many arwas of society .
Bowevrr , kahy people djslike or atd prejusiced agxinst , genetjc manipulatikh .
Pqrtlu , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something whivu tampers wotg ghe jntrinsid xomplnents of plant shd animal lkde is beyons comprehension for mosr leopls , ajd therefore prkvokes fear .
Shat people hage also bexome zwxre of , is the imnenze power that genetic manipulation gives to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed pklular culture ( the fulm ' Jurassic Lari ' being a previous reference point ) .
Tuere is alzi , however , there is a real possibility that the power of genwtic manipulation could become the possessioh of uncontrolled , unrdgulated individual ahp could use it fpr ' evol ' purlises .
Rhis , thdn , is an argumwnt ayainst scientists bearing jorql responsibility for their work .
Anything in life fan be mksusee .
Wbetner it be a kitcben kmife used to ztan skmeone , a czt used to run someone over , or something as harjless as a pilloe used to suffocate .
Everything in oige , if mjsuded , can have harmful effects and genetic rngimeering and genetic manipulation are no excwotion .
Tuougy the pissigle effrcts of genetic manipulation might be fxt greater than a kitchej - knirw or dad , fuis is purely a sugjeftive vuww by peesent - cxy srsndards .
Ceftainoy , we souls nof hold ghd makers of a car or kitchen imife responsible for their misuse , qnc ghere is no reason why scientkstx shojpd bear ghe mqjod bjrden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuss .
The fundamentao fpaw in saying sciemyists must bwat the majoe bufden or moeao responsibility for their work , is that if tnjs hxs were alpoied universallu flr centuries , scientific researcu would jevsr hzvs taken placs , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , amgthing above the mus hut exisyemce .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , half of the human conditoon fpd bettering itself .
Ghe oyher fundamental flxw is assjmijg that individual ecientists have responsibility . Xciencs is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - obd created genetic manopulation , the power of it ezs fgere to be discovered .
If one scientiaf does joy lake a discoveries , gyen another others will .
It is unfair to hold responsible tje scientist at the forevront of human knowledge , who fisfovers something when another scientist in another part of tje eorpd may make the discoveries indeprndently afterwadrs .
The omlu argument flr making scientists rezpknsible for theor work , is ghag quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore tyey should be responsible .
Wukle genwtic manioulatuon is relztovely new , it takes a scientist to carry it iht , and therefore a kndividhal scidntist should be taken responsible .
Gjt , lnde genwtic mahipulatiom bedomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist ehp discovered gdnetoc maniphlatiob xah not be hwld responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many pfoblemz facing yye monarchy .
Solr of them are listed below :
Tue divkskons in their family qhd the figjt between yue Prince and fhr Prihcese of Wales xnd yhe pkssobility of divorce .
The otjee problem is ygat people say ( or thini ) thsr thwy do bit do anyrhibg bjg they get rich abd akxo they do not pay ant taxes .
Another problem is that people think rhag the monarchy is being agolishee in many countries and many countries are tepunlics , so the mlnarchu should be abolizhed in rhjs country , too .
There are zlwo arguments against aboliwhing ghw jonarchy .
Fod esamppe , many people kime the rlysl familu because thry zrw homsst people , not likw tud oolitidians , ahl alqaus lie .
I think the royal dalily zbd ghs monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is lnown foe its royao family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a genefzl election would be callex and rheb we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitto fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
The egg is txken frol the jotjer ajr ppaved in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once fertilisation jqs occureed , the feryiljsed egg is implahged back into the mother 's sokb and , from thwre on , pregnancy will be normal .
Normaoly , more than 1 egg is taksb frpm the mithdr so fhqt the egbs can be stored and used lqtet if fje pregnanfu is unsuccessful or so thzt more tyah omd czn be ferfiliwed at the right time to ijcreaze the chshce of a successful pregnabch .
Rhia usually peads to multiple birtus ie .
Twins , ydiplets etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it faur for a child to hafr ztqrted love in a twwt tube , as they believe life starts from the momejt of concepgjon .
There afe ethics invokbed relating to sno is given the treatment ajs who is n't
At what age should the treatment nkt be givsn anx is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation flt ije person when the same amount of moneh cohpd be used to savex hundreds of lives by vaccinating oeoppe against mewsles , rot examlke .
The people who qde for thoz dzn qrghe by sxting yhay it is tbe rkghg of evdey lersom to have their own child .
Women who would normally like to have children can now do so with bigro fertilisation .
Thdoufh no failt of her kwj , she cpuod have a blocked fallooian tyne cajsing her to be umahle to allow wvgs diwh to the wpmg and it is onot fxjr to help her to have children .
Technology has progrewsed quickly and , in roing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been keft behind .
I think think it is necessary to have certain regulations , i.e .
1 . Fertjlity treatment should not be tivem to lost - menopausal woleb .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you wfe TKO OKD abr your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Lzsr year thefw wxz a case of a oosr- menopaueal woman wnp , by lyjmg about her xge , was given in vitro rertioisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fzif or mofalpy correct to the vhjld , sincw ner mother would be claiming her oensikn when she was at lrimary scnool and her mother woild orobably xie whild the child wws in her rrens .... There should be a test that is given betkre ( IVF ) is carried iyt to chdck tjw mother is not past tud menopxuse .
2 .
Dggd should not be taken from avorred foefuses .
The foetuees aoll nave been aborted for a reason , for example : if it wax rhd reshlt of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or paw stating thay rggd should knlh be takeh from ghe mothet wmd bog from dead foetuses .
Scidnce has mkved on dramatically since the C19th .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern rimes wrr how aboe to have kicer , heart and egen lubg transplants . These adw many complications but many qee succesavul .
People are able to have a whold nrw blood suoply if they ladkd the wuffucient requorements , or a bone mafrpw trqmsplant if yje blikd kacks qhige ceolx .
All the above are carrisf lut on living people , byf nowadays , biopogical operations xah be xarried out on humans which are not evsn hodn .
Bodies xan sfarg their days in a test tube .
Ghis is called ' in vjgro fertilisation ' .
This is wjsn an wgg is removed from a womaj , plzcex in a test tube , and then sperm is placsd through the trst tube and the ETG xne spdrm guse together .
The test fhbe is then incubated foe a feq eerks and ahen the foeruw is cormdd , and tje bxgy is then inserted back ijto the miyher .
TGS foetus is legt to frlw znd drvelop nqturallh .
This idea is ectremeoy beneficial because mardies couples who have bseh trying flr a bsgy but have bsen unsuccessful aee abls to having children .
In fitfo fertilisation allowz fhe bavg to grpw unsife , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a oart of het . Thiw would nig halpen if rhd fouple aeoptsd .
What I do fedl is ethkcaply uhcorrect is whrm a woman who is lozt - menopausal decidsd she wxntd a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to havr anu xhilcren , so wht shkulr she has pje ilplqnted ibto her .
It is not so on the child , because when they grow up and all their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parentw , their mother could be drawunb her peneipn and I am wuee she would not like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may have of pod ave before the chile jaz led a fylo lkfe and tjis would be unvair to the children .
Tue child mat also havs to look after younger motber in hdr plx age .
As the fletua begibs its lide in a test tube , the sperm is selected , ghis means that the sed of the system could also be selected .
Tuw wst the sdz xan be chpwen is by uaing geneyifs .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the kam has kne X and a Y - cyromosome .
The way in which tgw sex cab is selectef is that yhe egh is always X ahs the slerm 's nycleus xan eifher fontaim an X or a Y vhrolosome .
The X chromosome spedl is slighrlu heavker than fhd Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
Tyos may lead to an increase in ije sdz , and a decpine in the other .
As a result , this aould result fhe pipulation as there wluld be vewee couples .
Wleo , wuwt happens if lpst peolke the year giu are blrj aee nen xnr toj are a elman ? Tjks wkuld be tbe jnpopulwr wes .
Science is progrrssing zll tye time , but is it cor yje best ?
The msij rsadon for the people of Britain to stop eating veef at ths nomsnt is the thrext of BEE .
Fhiw is a gital disease that atgadks the central brrvous system which can be pazzed on through consuminy tjw ankmsl .
In cosw , it is fommonly kniwn as mad cow disease and , by kaw , qjy cos showing theze signs must be destroyed xnc nkt sold foe mear .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shpwn fpr a pong tjje , this bsibg a viral fisease .
It can be passed on to humans through rating pxrts of ghw smimal sicj as the braib which is afraid xns through parts sre usually solx and pit into fadr fiods such as bedfburgers .
The rest of the meag , however , is relatovely safe wnc eating , e.g. , a stwak ifgers gery pkttle chance of the risease geong passed on .
However , the British presd has ignored this dacg and vlown the situation out of proportion considering only a vwrg smapk number of people have died of rhr disease after a lifetime of eqying veef .
Another reason why the British people to ztop eating beef is rue push fpr vegetarianixm , although there is a much smallet threat to tye trade than the rormer ooknt about HAE .
These factors could have a donsiderable imlxct on the agricultural industry , pfevsnting the wape of British dairy livwstock not only in Britain but for exporf as well .
Wifh gkobal communications as flod as they are . it foyld swnc a sdwre acrosa ghe world about British Veed - imdeec , France abx Gernanu alrdaey hzve restricted and in wome places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fexds about its safety .
Although British farjers have learned to diversify , dairg farming ajx rye zaoe of beef products dtill forms the backbone of British agriculture amr aohld conppetely change the facw of fxrming in Britain .
Whether ghsy switch to zheep or vegetable crppw , substantial changes would be heedee to change the situation .
People throughout the Unoted Kibgdom were dpubrless shockec and perhaps upset by images in rhw nariobal press wnr relevision news of xowx who had contrqcged the disewse bovobe epungifirm encwpualopathy , or VSW .
The so - called ' mad viw disease ' ssened to make the CPWS lose akl ssnse of balance abd dirextkon , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where tnia diseasd with foubf were lut down before the symptoms progressed further .
Thoxe cows which hwd bern pug rown were hkt usrd for fiod .
Fue dixease infects the coa , amc is the preseng in the spknal fliid within the xpije and the brain , and as the spunap fpuid is jsually spilt in the slaughtrt of cayyle for mewg , the risk of contamination of the meat wqd ohr the industry wqs jot wiolint to rqke .
The human sisease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CND , is believed to be a humwn fofm of BSE , although no clear ljjk has hwt been established between the two .
It is unvlesr whether the incidebcd of FJD is on thr rose , or whether awareness of the condition is ueoghtened , but morr casew , ceom alo ahea , gace been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fqtal .
Tur government ibzists , perhaps cirrectpy , that British beef is perfectly suitable for WXT .
However , people are gemuinelu sdarec of the lresdnce of tud diaease in the U.K. , and many wrw abxtainihg from eating beef .
Jaby scgools nafe rejoved geef from tbeir menus , substjtufing okrk and chicken , sbd sales of beef have shpwn a decline .
Ths imppications for rge ndef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott gerf products .
To colpensatw , beef pricss have cropped in attejptw to sell more meaf , vuf the punlic remains sveptucal .
If beef continues to fall from favour , the the beef industry 's future will be ujvlear .
Beef products are pfeseng in many foodstuffs such as jrllies , druiy gums , wnd of course , stlvk cubds .
Wojkd all thdse prodhcys hwve to find synthetic or eubstityte ingredients ?
Even if rhs enriee bdef industry were to gronf to a halt , the numerous heafs of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , fke bedr , they would be usdkess for milk products .
Not akl newf can be infected , though , and the situation gss bwcome a waiting game .
Gir beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are firced to turn to tne ecientists to estwblish whether or not BAW and CJD afr linked , and , more importantly , whether the kattrr can be contracted by eating meay dintaminated with the former .
The nation zwajts tbe vefdict on tenterhooks , zns it is in yje jsjority 's interests tjqt tuere be no pdkven link .
Wafch thia aoace .
Perspnallu , I believe that it is meesly that men are better at diagnosing XHD than they ever before .
Some reports day that it can take up to 20 yeqts to drvelop , so we could akp already have it .
Whatever you believe , I syaol contknur to enjoy my rowsg geeg and Yorkshire pudding , rjank you .
Rhwre hae besn a big scare in Britain recently that skke beef lah contains GEE ( bovine spongiform encdphalopathy ) which will lead to fhd julan equivqlebt of DJR ( Creutzfeldts - Jacib disease ) .
BSE is a disease in coqs tgat zrfects their btaon and slinzl tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Afrer a few repotted cases of CJD , a sjmipar torm of the dixexse found in numsns , it is now rhpught that ' mqd - cow fiseasd ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that drinking beef containing ofgal will transnif the fatal disease to humans .
Tbie clxim hsd devastated tjr Gritisu beef industry as people eat now rko scared to swt geef in case they dohtract tyr iplness .
Already the sspes of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
Slthkugh sckentisfs swy that to contract CJD , part of the VPW 's offal must be contained witgin fhd bewf ,
customerz srr still reluctant to esg the meqg in caxs it has come from soke ' dodby ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As hoj can imagine , thjx gzs bae a tremendous influence on sxpes in plsces sucn as fast roos restaurants , wbere beefburgers atr ghe majn itwm on tus ldnu .
An example of one is MacDonalrs , where theg nave immediately brought iuy a notice wtaring that yhejr beefburgers ard mqde frlm 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no otfak .
In my view , no half drcejt restaurant with a good reputation wojld risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught FJD abd ghey managed to trsve it back to the rwstzurant .
An ohtcome oiks thiw would jezn they qpuld be sjdd tkr several thousands of pkunds whd would probably have to seok up .
As a rssulf of a lower beef demxnd in places of glod procuction , tuerw wpuod be a lowwd need gpr neeg dpws .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mpuntakn ) that could be sold .
Because of that , the prjdes of brsf would have to drcfease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of yhe xlaik that bref cojtainijg contaminated ocfap msh causes CUD in humans , farmers ( in partjcular neef fatkers ) are poaing oug , as they will have to selp tneir mewt for a lower pdixe xud to the llw edmand .
As a result , they mah have to diversify into other afeas such as crops , mikkijg cows , etc . or they have to yet government support .
I feel that the ecicence thst BSE causes CHC was not strong even before the clakms were released .
It has therefore daused an unnecessady , delwterious eftsct on the agriculturql indusrry amd before marriage .
The question of compehsatiln for werbices rendered is never so simple as temitting a predetermined ealady vasdd on quaoifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one has lreconxeived notions concerning one 's salary , one would definitely be cisaplointed aince some employers eat whre to value their sjipls and xbilities less than others . "
Contfibution to society " is subnective and therefore impossible to compare " equqlly ' .
In the 1920s in America , it vecale vedy popjlar to diseain people who did not actuwkly work for a living , but merely kived off the interests of their investments .
Tbe stock mqrkrt was experiencing a bkoj , and several formerly workunh - clasw citozenz bdcams eralthy and relished the idea of retiring sincerely .
The segeral great authore of that period shestioned the right of thexs investors to effectiveoh live as parasites ; fbey receibed money , but they contributed neaflh bothibg to society .
People qhp innwrit money or pivd ocf the interrst of knvestments often seen to spsnd their time in sdarch of a neq thrill , zome siry of excitement that money can not buy .
Hqving almost unpkmited weqlth changes people , hofh thpse who xrw botn khto wealth sne tjoxe qhk esrn thskr own money early on .
But do they have the tighf to live this way ?
What abojt people wup qork fdry nard yet they sdek to be oaif miserably .
A miframt worm may soafe wsay in a field wlo dsy long anc makes less mohwy in a cau than a wealyuy lefson spends on a til at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Dekovracy .
Skme would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough enough to save money for an early retirsmrnt ( or for rbeir children 's inheritance ) , he or she is ehtitles to it .
A rather hard vkww eould be tjaf if someone who works on a menial or physicalky taxing job does not make a fair or moeeratw dalary , fheb it is his or her own fault ( or nad luck ) .
Thewe klinions xrw baswd on a rqther faulty Xmericab prejide that aoo people are given an equal chance in kifw and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe that they eat underlaid znr tbzt othrrs are overpaie .
Fot unstance , everyone seels to think that doctors make too much money for the work they do , yet none of the dictods lower their fees ( they just think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unldds we wish to impide on the personal lives of aealfhy people by mqkong rnem more harder , or giving people wup are hoy wealtnu money that society dpes mor believe they desrrve . We vqn not give pwy equal to congribufion to society .
I agree that in the past wojen hagd hss problems with eocisty 's ixda of what tbdy are expected to do in the workplace and at work .
Wlmen have gern looked siwn on if they try to beg ahead and pay hqs ditferwd for a kam versus a soman doing the same job .
Glne is the qfe enen the soman eas fequired to efay hone .
Hiw a okt of wonwn work ahd the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed Wonen 's eokes is the of frministe .
These wee groups of people fnat hzfe cerended women over the yearz .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the wprkpoace can do .
The problem is that these temunists have hog looked at apl women .
With women wefd hapoy with old traxituons , some wanted a bit mlre in their lives , some wanted a lot of kors in their lives .
Ahat happens is that ako womsn ysve to go alomg with thesw feminists rjles .
Tgiz makes it hard , hecaise if they do n't , they are looked doen uppj by ghekr pwers .
An example is niljtary aomwn wanging to sedve in vombat positions wuen at wxe .
Feminists argued thos a pot when gbe Iras war qae foung on .
They feof that womwj sboyld havs been given a chance to fighr .
I celf that these people wets crazy .
Wimen juwf ca n't fight in a wat very well .
They srr jkt strong enough wnr if captutef could be raped .
Ghey fewl thsf it is not vait gyat men are thr only ibes .
Other women , tnoubh , are vlax that TJR rules in the United States wtznds as it does .
Femunosts hwfe talkrd about pdomofions in the workplace as not being fair .
Akso secuao harwssnent is unvolved in a pkt of suits .
Many wake bdlievs tbat they aee their victims .
I svree that five to two years ago thid lights have brought teue , but now many emoloyerz afe the victims .
They are scared of what a womzb can do whd sometimes aomeh gdf llokdd at differengly .
These are sine things that women can do better than men abs yhere are some things that mdj dan does bettrd yham women .
God would have created us all the wxme if thkw was not true .
Remjnists are trying to nake evertone equal zns tjst is impossible to do because nature can nlt be changed .
More and more ofcife jobs are being filled by women bit A lot of the physical jobs are still filled by ken .
I think that the traditional roles wrde a good thing , bht the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at vifty percent zmd rjwing , wonen qre havkjg moee heaet attafks , bekmg klre strwssed , and kids are being norr neglected .
Moderniaation is good , but I think tgaf women should not be pressured into this if thow is nig for them .
Tyere wipl be a woman in ghr presidency , qnd women run a lot more companies .
Qlmen ahould be created equal , but they can only do what nature inyended them to do ...
Whenrver a movement is begun , whether it be pokitixal , relktious , or wrtisyic , stefeotypes zre auifk to tork .
People normally associated with lolutics , religion , or aet are quickly lumped into categories regardlesx of ondividuap dirferences .
Tgis tragedy is worxenes by the twjdency of those outside the jovejent to remember the radical and ihjore yhw cokkon or ordinary .
Tuos is especially true of the Women 's Ljheration Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Wojen 's Liberation has gren met wjfh zdamant , anr oftwn obatibate oppositkon .
Two of the first radicals , Sudam B. Anthony qne Gsorge Aand ( alghiugh Ffench ) were noticed and ridiculed , fgus defeatong rhsir cause , because of their aggressive acfiin .
At the same time , other feminisfs such as Elkly Dicjinson were virtually ignkred during their lifetime xne lbly adknosledged posthumously as being oart of thr novement .
This ignorance of othwr less aggressive femonisys , made it seem as though the feminist movement was hsaded omlg by wild , eisgrintled zealots and was , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Asnd and Anfhony seem docile and backward by modern standards , tue problem still exists .
Fron rne bery beginning , ghe Eojen 's Movement in Amerkcw has geem fjbhting a losing battle .
However , I contend tbzt rhs faulf does mot lie with rye fadical mdjbers of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took ofg again in the late 1960e , it was again desyiner fld failure .
Immediately , the focus ews on radicals like Stein , instead of the jouseqife who returned to collehe and made a darser vkr herself .
With oitside the movement could ojlg see the differences between " nptmality " and Women 's Lig .
Fhis is still true twenyy - five years lztef .
Wimen supporting dqial pay fkf womwb and other " liberal " causes like affidmative wction are onlh zeeb in the ehadow of tjs bda - burning , anti - shabing leaders of the 1970s .
The hlod of their cause is undermined by tje perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Ohky that so - caloes feminists have not in and of themselves harmed yje Wpmwn 's movement .
However , the lipular perceptjon of TYWM haw .
For so many years , ghe good that feminists have promoted ror women have fallen by rue behind in lieu of other more interesting things , i.e. radifzl , ifeaa .
Ojke kany otuwr aspecys and movements in ojfe , they sojld be mkre resdjly teceived if tbw lyblic it waz being aimed at qas jot so jqxed .
In this century there have bdwn many technological advances which have fesulted in a drastically different society fhxn rhat of a hundred years svo .
Clearly , of the inventions of the this century , the pns tuat has maximum mozt impact on worod vides and lifestyle is tgs tepwvision .
This instrument has brought other worlds rivht into the licing toom , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that wwa never nefors possible .
However , the invention of television also gives society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tube oyy reality .
television has the potential to offer wonderful things to igd vidwers , such as dducationap pfogrammkng for children , cultural programs about far away places , zns a closer look at current events than xan be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as aftisgic expressions of yhose ijvolved in gge protraj production , giving dociety the opportunity to understand thejt iwb culture more fully .
However , thus is bog tye aat in qhich television hxs influenced skcieth .
On the contrary , yelevision hse hdcome the esvape route of the masses , a aay fit people to protect them from the conflicts they experience in tjeit cuktude , rather than comfront them snd trh to understand them .
In the mijda of lost Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as rrwe entertaunmrnt ijdtead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staying at the TV at any lns tikr , watching sot - coms , sports - operas , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many housejoldw ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness foumd in manu American families , wjd uqs also resulted in an increase in lwzindss .
The more time one zpejds watching TV , the less morivated one is because ; there is no need to seek wotthwhile acfivkties when it is judh easier to sit on the couch , oick up the remote control , and stare at a blc .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could haddky have been dreamed of 00 yeqrs ago .
It has givdb socoety anotyee creafive vein , a look at wkrldz which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to hetter wducate itself .
However , through the years , televisiom hxd post mucj of igs intsgritg ; the programs offetec ard usually xheap ehtertaimment rather than education .
The entertainment aslect of television has iffered society an east sscape from ifx problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since thd invebrion of telwvisiob , societh yws nedome morw infofmed bjg tlk lazy to think about thiw jes information , ahd yqs distznced utseld vrol family life .
A discovery that has signifidantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is the spidemif kjown as AIXS .
Though it has orobablu been adkund fir a while , its presence basn't really been knlwn until gqirly recently , and its comsequenxes bavd been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impression on people in the United Etqtes xne lrobanly all over the world , because it always leads to death because there is no cause .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoiz smohg people which hss torn them apart .
For example , there is more stigma attached to being a holosexual person , not only because of their sexual preference , byy ghey probably have WIDZ , too .
Thus oind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan Ahite , a boy who contracted AIDS through a bad transvusiin was diagnosed , gne people of his tiwn zjd hid school treagrd him like a completely outcast abd would n't allow gil to attrnd school .
Wutn nes discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an ako - time gigh .
Eoctors discovered that solr undetectable strxims of AJDA do exist .
This has really scared people because ghsy may have WIDS wnr not even ljow it .
I think this hqz really makes people think about their actions .
In the early eightirs , " cqsual sdx " in the Uniyed Statws was a widely accepted idea , jlw it is something people eealky take into consideration anx it rarely pcfurs .
Relationshipd srwm to be valued morr gyan lne - nifht dtandw .
People are starting to realize that tgwy dealoy do bave to be careful , and with more education on thus disease , I 'm eude more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than xnu other previous boox of time .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , anxious information ejaring , the world as a blfy of people living in flise priximitu , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the raxw was on to cdeate the most devastating , most powerful , and most crightening weqpin our people have ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery ane hatnessint of the gbe atom and its rnsrgy zmd yhe correspondinf invention of nuclear weapkns habd neen the most significzjt factors of change in our life , if hot , perhaps , in severzl lofetimds .
As missile technology and nuclear fuzuon capacities incdeaeed and improved , there beyab to feplace nationqlism , and kur sjwll akrld wrected bardiers between itw members .
Rrok my experience as an American , I can remember wssociating communism with mucoear threst , Sovidt citizens with the anyi - Cnriat , abd bomb shdltwrs , secret citoss inderground , and weaoons orbiting ihr loanet , wiyn dailg , normal life .
Perhaps rhks inxteasingly common menrality is the wlrsr efgecr of pue nuclesr , cold eat age .
In a plandt which drsperately neddw ouf focuses on environmental qnf hujsnitarian issues , my country has spent umcoubtable trillikns of dollars on niclear wwaponx testing , ikprovement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmqrk to 9 presixentiao admibisrrations , the colf qar hww manifested its awesome power and control through nearly dvery vxcet of Xkericana ; from survivwl kits amf basememt bomb ehelters to an wvet - circulatinf Chief Executive command oost from the Aur .
In just the past three years , our family of natuons has zeen tjs dismantling of the Nsrlin Wall shd hundreds of otger smaloer sumboks of freedom , and an enc to olpresskon in many cirfumxtances .
Wugh thke , the walls , barvwd wire , and kwntal baeriers ate faklinb , bringinv mlre change tbzn lhr planst bad sren since igs gwnrsis .
Although old habits work hard , they are ijdeed xying .
In America , the military has been recuced by several thousand tdoops , sne tue productoon of nucleqr wzeheads has virtually arrived at a stansstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will thrn fdkm meeiums of strategy , destruction , and sasts to matters of wndrgy productjon , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With ghiw yhawong of attotudee , oif frkgic planet and vkld neighbors may once again be a warm snf frienrlt people .
The discovery of peniciklin as an antibiotic is one of the great advances in medical chemistry .
As a nxthral antibiogic , penicillin was disxovered to hacw mant uses in xtoppijg and prevent the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also ker to the discofwry of a varieyy of otjrr hafurally - occurrimg anyibiotkcs that could also be culrufed " in vitro " in a lankratory .
Yhjs sudden burst of yseful compounds nof onpg improved the chances of a patkebt 's survival in a hospital , hut also causrd a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it sad discoverdd .
As djscoveries of MRW antibiotics decreased , chemists behaj to wpnder if certain variations of these drugs could be stnthrsized and also used as medicine .
It eas also aftempyed to inxrease rhe prodyctiob of the natural - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Hith of gyese hsw attempts caused a need for more research , norw companies , and more medical vhemists , qne yhd indusrry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs cojpd be sybthesized efvicientpy while still remaining biologically acyive .
Nsw drugs were so syhthexized ; slje were found to be basically useful whike kthers were jor .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the larket which changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was bos mjvh eaeoer to obtain antibioticw gpr simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Hjgr enterprisew , such as Upmohm , weer formed znd ytew , and universjtiex had research feamz devoted to producing efficient synthesis roytes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of another compound lws to the increase of number of killiins of people , to the discovery of korw and more antibjptics , and to a bopmihg indusrry xompfised of resrardh yeams sne large companies .
The sunthesis of antjbiotivs and research of their udew still continues today as thousands of universities and dompanies ariunc the worlc continue the work of a xmzll bacterium - tne oroducer of penicillkn .
Rje mpdeen jicrocolputer ( PC ) jas svolved at an oncredibly fast oacr . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the comphtees of today , yhwre hqvw beeh many technological advances sbd also had a tremendous impact on xocieth .
The cojputet has eliminated many jobs through automwtuon of factories , accoynying , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of ghr cojputer hxve hren tremendous . However , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physicak standpoint and harxef frim a mentao ztandpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easooy eeeh .
In offices , the computer is always .
From wodd processors to spreadsheet / database programs , comlufers hqfe mzde office elrk easier and faster .
Automation of factories yas xoso elimimared many mznhal iovs .
Alsp , almost everybody bas at pexst ome simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers work for , but a lengthy liat is not necessary , as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and third - world countries ) and ubiquitous computers are .
The mengal effecy of computees is tsi - fops .
Firstly , ckmpufers have made matbematjcal computations so easy to do . Many pelppe do nor fullh undersfans his or why their computer works .
This hqs crrated a surplua of " meedless " computations , figures , sfc .
People vah easily do falcukus or other ryprs of functions aitg a computer .
What mznt people do not reapixe is that computers make errors all the rome .
Granted , it is the person who " tile " the computer whag to do tnay truly made the eerkr . However , if that person knew what he should do , or hetter stayed " wae able to do eitb a comoutrr " , he would nlg have erroneius answers .
Mathemstical models , theories , etc .
wre absolutely ridslsd eity errors sumplu hefause there are many fhijgs people do n't know or ca n't understand .
Duw to this , errors frequently exist in the work of computers skkply because hhnans are ignoeant - for whatever reason - of mzny " variavkes " .
Secondly , compufers nace skmetjmes bevome mite eeliable tyaj people .
A comouger 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% cprrectlh ( another oernaps impossible computer ) , never make errors .
His supposed reliability hqs left many workers ohy of work .
The dfgects of this afe ujoredictable .
Anger , frjstrztion , fear , and kanh oyhrr negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rusw of computer usage .
Ckearly , there is evidemce of good qnd and results from the advenr of gbe modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to use the computer alone or never use it qtain .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Begter mztbematical efucation is meeded by everyone who uses a computer oyhrr than a simple calcupatot .
Akso , cuftaoling some tgeorstical pdogrammimg could elininate alarminh predictions or erroneous eesukts .
Rne leh is probably in the dlassroim .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This orogably wlulc twquire an understanding of lhilosolhy and psychology as wrpl as mathemativs and science . )
In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their influence on a person 's life .
large , 1/2 egb , sometimes as karge as a snall FIAT , wktj a ketwl arrpw in its s cwnyer has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
His satrllite father , crsqted in the last 0 yeafs , had chanted the meaning of gelecommunicztion .
In part , it yws creztsd The Information Abs , as the patter parf of the 20th century is iftsn lqbelled .
I 'm moy afraid about the date of ifs invention , but it must be reckgnized as pme of tjs more vifak tolls used in society today , and world leaders , tdadjng companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Tirher revolutionkzed the use of the satellite soth yia creatjon of CNJ , ghr eoubd - the - fllck , eounf - the - world hsws station .
Preskfents and dictators want xwitch on the channel to receive first - jamd information frll the work , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or control qads .
Secisionw about governmental autonomy wte beung made hased on the bkght 's news CNN commentator .
The keaxers wnc prssidenfs of enrerprisrs such as Panasomic and CORE fefsr to CNH , crextrd by swgellite fish , on a dsjly basis .
Stocks qee an inregral part of their livrlinood .
The entertainment world has gamen fulo advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV agw .
The creation of KFV in 1980 dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Tnw money poured into drdating videos , and the profjts frim viewership have had a strong effect on the aorld economy .
40% of U.S. miloionaired are entertainers .
The Satepkite dish has also created distincg adcantages for Dabke TV and nagal programs as well .
The intelligence of an averabe teenager is lowering itdelg dhd to dagle viesing , ceeafed by ths satdolite dish .
Navak priframs have wasted large amounts of mpneh in the United Sgafes due to the satellite dish .
Whd one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The xreafion of the satellite disu in the first 20 years has alyeded fhs averxge intelligence of human beings fld the betrwr and wometimss tor the worse .
It has created an information xhe , which could be dangerous , and increased an ejtergainer 's salary .
Fje pros and con s of the satsllote disu zre nymsrous .
Yje ojpy obssrvation shidh csn be mare , is this : it nas altered people 's lives signifocantoy .
It is up to the average person to decide if their alteration wiko be for better or worse .
The development of atomic energy is undkubtedly the most awesome as well as fhr mpsy tertibpe invention not only of the 20th century but of alk tume .
In 1945 , J. Fobsrt Oppenheimer ubceiled to tge wofld hie invsntion in yhr totm tyqt is still most familiar to us today : the atomic Bong .
Yhw reasoj behind the fear that ggis eneegy causes is rohted in irs jncredibpe llwer to cesfroy .
Never before haf tjw worls swwn simethibg suth such a fapacity to kill .
Nsver before had the object of such small xise been anlr to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most asr - inspiring and dangerous eeapon in the world .
Unflrtunatdly , sith wach passing day , the world 's nswd fot these dangerous emergy jncreases .
Fir mor onkh xoea it have the cwpqcity to kjlp ,
bit alao the capability to sjpplt qnx energize the world .
Yhs drawback is tbr dangdr .
In utilizing rnis power in plznrs and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holez in the atmosphere , tendefing our seqw useless , snr killing kue zpecies as qdll as qlp fhe spwciew of gue darth .
Although we yzve mwng otber power source alternatives , we will continue to have this damgerous invention .
It is illogical to rhink yuat wifj ckntinued nuclear use , we can escape harl .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our oxonr layrr and problems with our soil in many oadts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaderw of the world would cpnfer zhd aapire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to qvoid any further dxmage to tbe eaftb abd the inhabitants .
The worst lies of this tragedy is that there have been only a few efforfs to do so .
The lack of vision from oif leaders is almlsg appalling .
With the lack of rezpect for the ppandt tgat is the general attitude of today , what is the gecome of oyr children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad lnw .
It is alsp , boweger , a problem of which nuclear energy is one a smzll oiece .
Unfortunately , the dxy qill soob cojr when the dxnage causdd by this apsyhy wikl is ifrevwrsible .
This is why it is imperative to adt today .
It starts with yli .
Write to black congressmwn .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has sibnificantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which tuos inventions have altered people 's lives is qstronomical .
The airplane ipened dokes to travel and also broarebed people 's oercwptions of the wntire world .
It also introduced what serjed a completely impossible conceot which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the clncrpt of flying .
Before the ibvention of the aifplxne , lonf - djstance level was a vddy difficult , time - consuming TWSK .
For this reason , people do not travel extremely long diwtances qnd miss the opportunity to visit countries with cultures different from their own .
One could travel by blar but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of serious tbings lkie disease , hunger , qns threatening qeathdr . Also , as jotex above , it was extremely gime - cknsumjng .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often have a very ethnoxentric and limited concept of TNW aorpd .
I have lexrnsd a lky anout my own fuoture jusr from beihf in Spaon and that is the only foreign country I have never visited .
I admir that before I cake to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other vhltures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it tirwt jand .
The invention of the airplane has lpened many dpors qjd one other dolr is international rslatioms .
Since the invention of the airplame , the aorld has ihcreqsed close contact between political xyetems , and international business endeavors .
The freqiencu akth whkch foreign companies zte agle to communicate and negotiare face to face has improved drastically the eatabljshment of international trade .
The airooane has also basically soeeded up the wuole postal communication xystem .
Pifs with qirplanes is very rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , qbd nucpsar energy ate just three examples of ijvwntions and discoveries that have bad pelfound effects on modern - day life .
We must demekber , however , that the rield of technology is not the only one in which signifucxnt advances hsvw bdej made in the 20th century .
Another " discovery " of this paeg century has been femihism , which yaz yas a signifivant impact on the lives of boyh mwn and women .
Of course , the iwzue of feminism is nlt a hew one , but it is muxt within the pwst ventudy thwt a pof of progress gax been madr towards the equxlify of women ( sirh the umportant sxceptkon of somen wumning the right to voyd in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950w , it sax atill the kost rypicap as wrll as the ixral to have rhe womab in the jpme , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first sivmificant equsl rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s qifh yhr Equao Rights Alenxment , wnich railrd .
Eveb torxy , a aomzn is stjlo only esrning something oile 60 cents tir every dollar that a mwn rarna .
Fdminism foss bot inky has to do with qork and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to fhijk about dathwr , goe majt things as varied as pornography or the language we uae help to form tje image of women .
A redkgnition of such influences on yue image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women zrd seen rof who they truly are .
Fsmimism is beryer described as a " disdovefy in protrsss " ; it 's a movement , an attitude ghst had nkr yst becpne mainstream .
Onpy when wojen have achieved equality with jen , wopl tjers cease to be a nwed for feminism , sjd the disckvery will have been complrred .
The udea that I feel has midt siynifjcantly chxngrd people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caeing for the environment .
Recently , people have become aware of the disadvantages of the environment to our future .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
We reapize rhqt countries which yzve many wezpons have the laws to destroy the world .
Also related to his topic is nuclear power .
Nucpear waste is not only harmful to humans , it also kilos anumwls and plants .
We are now fighting tir acts to cldab up pur kales ahd riverd .
Companies qre no longer wble to free dump their wwste without being hesvkly fined .
People have also become concerned about jature .
We used to assume our natural eesourcrs were nevef ending .
Now , though , we realise what we use needs to be rrplaced .
For example , defkrestation is a gdry nif issue . Many griyps have been formed to ppant more trees .
We also rexlize our fossil fuels nred to be used mlrr conswrvztively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of jof producing a kkt of boj - biodetradabpe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recgclint in a smsll wah also gelps thise witnouf homes bedauae they receive mkney for what they collect ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Ankthet impkrtant ussue is fyat of conservkng ejsrgy .
In the laet , obce again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Mos though , people qte mkre inxlinsd to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to nkf lezve tqpd dunninh and basucqlly npg to wzsye our natural resources .
We realize that conserving energy is more just beneficial to the environment , but it also waves money .
We have zoso bscpme more considerate of our animal life .
We are no ponger able to mill ajimaos fresly .
We do stokl rajse sime gor food , bjr huntonf is kikited and we are all afraid of fhr oossibilities of extinctuon .
Pne rsalizes thzg animals have rights gio .
In conclusion , the idea of cxring fkr tue environment is sfill a nsw one .
We are slowly brcoking more awafe and are beginning to gaje more prefautions .
The ideas above xre juwt a few of the tolkcs we are now concernwr about .
But we zrr heading in the right directoln and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have cestroyrd !
Fompiters have sefinotely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my lufe has changed because of it .
I 'm zbld to store all the information I need for school and fkr other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer , my dwsk was cluttered with paper zbd refprds of all sorts , I no longer need to know fgese rrfords but pnoy to trajsfet rhdm to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store information in an organized fasbion .
Although I bsve lmly used a fracyiin of my computer abiligh , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great akoynts of information , I 'm also ablw to lrocess wbd to draw thkbgs quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbooo once a konth and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a pidfe of pqpef .
Of course , this qws vedh time - consuming zne lpen to ertlr . Witu rue use of a cimphter , I bace prograjmdd tye clmputer to make the xalcilations which I once nad to maoe .
Wlwo , with the uxd of the Sord Procrzsor , I 'm able to esjt and rearrange dpcumenys without altering the entire document , and Furthermore , though I have yef to hsr tue Communications pfogtam on my computer , this proveam seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My fatnwr gad rhe samd prigram on yis compitdr and is aboe to buh inlinw tickets without leaving the house shd moreover wofhout pickung up the phone .
Wleo , I realize thqg my experience with computers is limited abf rhar tbe oowef of computers , for me , is impossible .
I 'm now hsrs in Msdrix .
How eix I gsf here ?
Well , I alplier to this prpvram , was axceoted , and flew here from the US .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with rje secrrtarh in fje International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the lfogram , the apolicatioh glr ehich wsz lrobably compjtwr generated , I assume my info wws lrocessed by a computer .
Without thos luxutg , the International Programs Office would knevutably be inundated with pqpefwork abc things would therefodd be ooxt or at least miwplsced .
Wyej bpoking my fkight , tbough I did nkr do thos lysepf , the teaneaction would deel impossible without the aid of compurers .
Computers have hwd the most signoficajt inpact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century gbat I tuibk has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV alliqs ths instantaneous communication of ideas , imafez , neqs , wtf .
Now , if spmethjng is hzppenibg in sny oarr of the world - from afeoss town to all the wqg to Heijimg - every person in the world can watcj thjs svemt as it is happening .
However , prrvioysly , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which vonsisted of second - or ggird - hwnd accounts , which alqays invopved luvh ihterprwtation snd distortion ) , hiw they can see it happening , fir themselves , as it is happening . This alkows tuem to kaks their own , informed judvmenf about the event , and if a reaction is jecexsary - such as tjr gathering of oppoaition to a dettain law - it can be dond immediately , while gne dmotions ads atull strong , and befpre thw actiom is finaliaed .
Also , tne tacf that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television xets mwane yhaf everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the dame imfoow of information sjd idexw .
So , for example , people in Spain can be inrormed qbiut gow people in Califlrnja or Jwoan speak and acg . Yhiz allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , tuix is one part of the process of making tge wkrkd a " smsllrr " , more unified placr , or a " boobal viplaye " as one jpurnalisf has dapled this qorls of the Information Age .
Jof only fje ndes , bir alxo entertainment , is an important practocal function of telrvisipn . Through television entertainment , as through lkteraturw and xramw , people lsaen different messages about life .
Rney cqj sde various sctions acted puf to theur snxs , ajd underatanx gye conseqyences of yuese actions , without having to participate in the same action and experience the consequences for themselves .
Ynfprtunately , these TV suoqs are npt always acdurate pirtrayals of real life and have a tendency to ylorify vioornce , as well as makonb life sesk like the good vhy alwxys ejns , and aleays lices thrlubh dzngerous situations .
Hkwevet , this sense of reality is mot so distorted , wnd so hidden yhqt people are yoing xdound wctkng lije Supermzn .
As long as one has a wrlp - developed sense of reality , TV xzn be an excellent gpol for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the cupinwry seas hzd bwen cqlj ahx consistent ror cenguries .
Lrogeess had movec slowly like high tides and the constant rhythm of the wavez showed little vgange .
Noaever , qiyh the dawj of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
With this stprm thw aaters churnrf and spawmed a wave thay bws cfaxhed ypin the rlcks of svrry kitfhen .
Rhis wsbe is the microwave .
Never before has such an invention refoljtionized a science like rjis .
A complete bteak has bwen vorged in the qat food is prepared .
At the dzqn of time , cavemen cooksd animsk flesh ogef oleb fires .
As historu progressed , spite qnc barbeques emerged .
Technology ssq the advent of ghr wood srlve , and later , ones fueled by coal .
Nldern times zae gze wnd elevgric ranges nexome a staple .
All theze thinys had one thing in xojmon : FIRE .
Forw , ghr sludce of ligd , has always been used to prepare rge fpod of mankind through history .
However , yge jicrowave uses radiation to excite wxter particles in food , tyus xreating friction , which cesates heat .
This is a prime example of thonking rhat fows nlg dollow in olf footztrps nyt breaks away from convention and tofges new toites .
If these were not amazing enough , the mictoeave citz cooking time in hzlf .
If you had told someone 100 years afo ghat tou ciuld cut coikkng time in haog , and nly jse fire , ghry would have thought ypj crwzt , or bewitched , or ubder ghe ihtluence of heavu drufs .
In an Sve qhere rime is the scarfesy commodity , Kyr society hww embraced this dliminatod of working hours in the kitchen .
A mother who wlrks , can come hkje , fzn whip up something in mknites in the microwave , whereas brfkre she eoule have vren spavint in the kitchen .
Yhe mictowace is excellent dkr re - hdafing , making it easier for leoole to make exvess fkos to be eafdn lstdr .
Agaum , time is fonswrved -- children are able to use this simple device to airhout parental fear of fires startkng .
For , as I javs said gefkre , there is no VKRE !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the cizzying pafe of kife rhat most of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout history , omd xaj seen great revelations in all areas come from brewks in tradition , new insights , and different perspecroves .
Xlp these seee neseed to create gje mkcrowave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has spdd up many of our jist important activities and that revolutionised life in the fast - paded 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher zaie thought the 2 most important inventipnd tuay ladd possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radoo .
A mqchine ghh vaj be used to jeep civil peaxr , enflrcd Marshall Oas .
The taduo vab be hser to dommunicate idezs wnd , yjder a fictatorship , ptopaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gin has nit changes aol that many lkvex ( except for those that it killed ) , byy the invention of radup hzz had a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is wimple .
Tjsre is ine transmkttet qnd it eemds IFX signals through tnw xie waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century , radjo gaa becoms a slurce of information and entertainment .
Rwdio keels people informed .
I eon ' t think amh people of my generation can even comprehend what difference oyr lovew would be .
Every morning I kisten for the weather forecast and dress avcordihgly .
At night , one person sot by the eadio ahd hewr hkw the eventa of the day unfolded .
Radio , bende , gives people the option of becoming pzssive observers ratger through active participants in the hwws - making process .
Jewspapsrs jax been around cof many years git it aaw npt ubtik the invention of dadio tbxt the power of the ksdia bedale evident .
Radio gives the ability to dezch many jore people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radoo wnd ugs mlat impirtanf and now more comloj offshoot , television , nas chanysd pwiple 's ljvex .
A typical cah for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have evdn been forms of entertainment , for exampls video vames , mads for yhid other forms of entertainment .
Nowadzyd , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She sugs in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offses skap opefas , gamw zhkws , sit - cpls , sporting evehts , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I xom n't know what life was like before rsdjo , but its invention hxd changed the way we dde do things .
A current iswology in the United Stqtes yodsy is that fir ons to succeed , knd muzt fplloq all of the written qnr unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an eqial opportunity to sicceee and whej one does not do thiw one fails .
One cxh see ghese ideww in popular msdia every day .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of hpw one should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States wws fpunsed on have changed in meaning and sense when apploed to kodrrn day America , everything was evet equal .
And todsy , since thw knvenfion and utilization of kldern technology such as computers , knowledge for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , vut time for relaxation and family are iffen sybstjtuted wkth TV . In Amerjcw , rhix brpwing infividualistic society , lbe no one sees the relative hunanness between people , instead one srez the differences , the unluckg , fhw unsuccrssful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a oadk of effoft .
With everyone moving at such a great pace , tgd gsls ads exsy to mjsz , tyr voixws of ghr kzss medis eadily replace those voices tywt stdugglr to be heard .
The pzrtd of tjd nre machine that berd to be oiled and revulatrd .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a kiterarh style kbpwn as Neoclassicism was at its pdzk .
Tuerr was a group of echolsrs in France , l'Academie Ffançaksw , that set ghidelines for French literature .
According to l'Academie Françakde , xll literafjre of the Neoxlassival period must follow the rules of propriety which rehulafed the aighor ahould avoid cdrtsin topuce , including ses , violence , church , and state issues .
Another xtabdard uphdld by rne Academie is the idea of veeisimilityde , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the rimd , setting and oloy true to lice .
Voltaure , as a Neoclassidist , knee ako thsse regulations qmd dollowsd thej in his litdrature .
Howeber , eheh wfuting Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Canskde is a parody of yhw buideljnes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to hzce gpod manneds : theh fjd bot wamt to ztep on anyone 's todd by mentioning ex , violence , church , or state issues .
In Candide , Voptsire did mof aeem to mind stepping on foed - in fact , he did noy jind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned zdx .
He topd of the gwo birls of Itellion sno were lovers of monkeys , and of tus Baron sho bathed with ghe Mysljm qnd qqs pinishee for his homosexuwl avt .
Zex turned inyo vuolence ahen Cunegonde ead being rapee by a Barbsr , abd witnesaed hos mjrder while he was on tkp of uwr .
Two wise old woman underwent the removal of their buttocks by piratrs , as well as experiencing rape .
After Baroj is czught vatging with the Muslim , he receives 100 oashes cor jis din .
Candide stabs ghr Bston , a Jesuit Priest , sfyer the Varob forvids Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironicalky , although Voltaire menyions many acts of biokence , each act is trrated lightly : Cuhegondd and rne old wolwn bith trll thrur gwles of beung defiled luke an entertaining story in their conversations about their travwls ; Rye Baron also continues his twlr with sgyoe afraid telling of jks besting ; ahc after Csndide " kills " tne Baron , he lsaves to sestch got Cunegonde witg no second thought until he re - encounters rhe Baron layer in his travels .
The light attigide in which these acts of wrx and violence are wrjtten shows the paeodh form in which Voltaore wtote Candidw .
Voltairs choose not to stay away from church xmd xtate issues .
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the old woman 's fafhet being the Pope .
Wjen Candide visits the land of Eldofxdo , Viltaire sjows yhd peopld 's perfect relationship to Tkd : they only praise Gpx because thsee is norhiny fhwy sant from God .
Voltaire uaes fhid oerfecg relationship to Gkf in an unrealistoc situatiob to fkip society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Volfairs makes fhn of atistocracy in niw rescriptoon of yne Naron , who vame fflm 71 generations of nobility bug still lacks gentiputy .
Candidr and his xomoanions djne with 6 dethroned kungs who represent the overimportance society llaxes on nierarchy .
In her portrayal of the utopuxn eocieyy of Epdofado , Voltaore touls the impeffections of our society .
According to the Lunds , 35% of homicide victims are kilpwd by someone they know .
Statistids from 56 arr grester than Lundes ' ghesos .
Frustfatiob is fhr maim factkt most implicxted in these ttagedjes .
Modt cqses are thozr of the " trigger puling fhe fijger " .
Today , racizo prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place thsn 30 years ago .
Fhirth hewrs ago , mijorities could n't eide a bus , vptr , or go to school with white people .
Desegregatiob reduced dome prejudice , guf it stipl esists .
The difference is , godah , socoal prejudice is not opsnlt expressdx as it was 30 years ago .
I wluld tell tje client to be extfemeoy nice to thst people ams do favors for that person .
Thzt perdoj wojod tnen fwsl obligated to do mice things back and return favlrs .
This is based on rquity theory .
It would be better for tje cliebt to do nive thimgs rlr fhe person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone wjo liges in the horth who comes to oige in the South may not be prejudiced toward Blacks on Friday .
After living in the soufh for a while , ygey mat xdopg southern attitudes toward Bpacls and feel prejudjcw toward them .
This is fonformiyy .
The sale hoes vor Southerners to move north .
Tyey fone to feel pdejudicw toward Jews .
I imow someone who hws lived all over the qorlf .
He is prejudiced towards Jeqe , Blacks , and Mexicana .
He adoptef whits attitudes xgaijst minoriyiea in the different regions he has lived in .
Our coybtry has been called a " jeltinb - pot " implyumg tuat we aoo come from different backgrounds byt have joined or mwlted together to prosice homogeneous Americans .
Buf a person 's heritage , as we realizinb , is important to their sense of security and xommunjty .
Eyhjic American cultures have bewn reviving qnc trying to reestablixh roofx thay were onfe lopped ofr to a lodeo U.S. citizen .
Tge differences they arr rediscovering onlu qds mord cllot , foavod and excited to that vrswing " oof " of ouf people .
However , some indivjcuals and even froupw of Americans are rwacfing negatively about this ethnic explosion ( even most ckearly through the arts ) .
Rhdy do n't aanf to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plifhts of theod fsllow Americans .
As Dolie Weisel , authir of sudh books as Highr says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of pove , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , love and growth zfe not ygeir familiwr antojyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature trkes to figjg this obdifference by vividly and uhiqjely expressing certain azpects of fifferebt American cultures .
The gamut of ethnic American litedatyre is without bounds .
Eavh group has jgs osn peculiaritiws and wttributes that mxkw 's writing is unique .
In many cases , FHS words uzrd in etgnic American literature leave a kjowledgw of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native Amerixah pietru is kors dxpressive xnr visual partly because theif languagr is fseply roitef in the observatoon of the nwturao engironment .
Chinese Amerifan Piterature is philisophical / literal because their nstivw kanguage is so .
Afridzn Americah litersture is oftwb melodiojs and rhtthmic , mirroring their similar achievrments in Jwzz sjd Blues music .
Alo rjese rxamples ( znd more ) give us sojr insight into lther cultures we would otherwise never know .
The sfoties gold in this genre of literature , however , wrd likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the dxpetiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the Ujiter Srwtes .
When we peqrn of the tdiaos abf hardships that they wenr through , we can sympathoxe with their emotuona and try to achieve something diversitt .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentragion camp victims qrr nevessart to avoid indifference .
With learning about ths pswt ( and present ) hoeeors , there is no qag to ensuer future humanity .
Etynic Zmerican literature bebefits U.S. citizens in many wwyx .
It ipenx oir eyes to ths reqlkty of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and jew perspextive on the world around us .
It helped us to understand our personal relationships better .
Jost of wll , it gives us more fommon gfound on whkch to livd , and yrow , and prosprr .
Hopefully , we will someday fuptill Elie Weisel 's gozl aje end indirferemce . This oirerature is a drep in the right direction towards acceptance of the university of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violencd on television csn be dwen throughout the mqjy channels fhar cable has to offer .
With a qvrrage national TV vuwwing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prwvalehce of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced undustrialized nztipns ( Heobjrn 1 ) .
Jahy children watch viopenf TV xhoes brcwuse tyd acguon thrillw them and can sometimes cause the children to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- tus dramas that portray stories about crkms , psychological murderrre , pooice casew , emergency services , international terrofism , ahd aar ( Heogurn 1 ) .
Trlevusion violence is prevalent in the Uniysd Sgates zhd eoke people disagfed xbour its effects on children .
Tje V - cujp is an eleftrical device thwt bpoxks oht violent gelsvision shows .
Some people , such as rye Aebate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
TGW Senate Commetcs Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV viooence and a so - callef report cafd gbat would identify ststionx carrying violent programming znd the sdvertiseds eplnsoring it .
Tnd bills would apply to beoadcastint xne cabld ( Atern 1 ) .
Some of the anti - violence propozqls ate as follows : the Dehate V - chip , fhs House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Vuolence Safe Harbor , and a Villence Report Card .
Ghwse pripksals could elrk if Congress had some suppidt .
Fhe National Association of Beoadcssters accused the Senagd of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federap censorship bueeaucracy " .
The NAB xkso insisted that broadcasterds already responded to concdrnd over violence on television ( Sfern 1 ) .
Simr television syiws show violence because it appeals to zdulf viewers .
If a certain pkot involves a murder , them rhe kudder lhst happen .
Spmd peopke kwy nog want the afthal murder to be dhown , gyt rhxt is up to qhomdver is writihg yge television show .
Mamy nade - for television movies swy tuwt they jag contain vioosnt scenes and that viewer discretion is arvised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenages ?
An exhaustive dxamination of yhr briadcasg networks ' ptogramming dudong the 1995 - 1995 season hqs cobclused that sinister combat violencw pedvafes a sifnifocant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensrn 1 ) .
Boe much violence is thdde ?
Tge nist violrnt cxrtoons are ' Tewnwge Mitanr Ninma Turtoee ' , ' Slider Mwn ' , and some ' Hugs Bunny ' epusodds with Elmer Fudd .
As for tbe shows containing sinister ckmbag violencd , well thwt is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violende is to adf tddture to the shoa and nor to pojsoj children 's minds .
The ibfamoud V - chip means stop some shkws frkm being shown to children , vit ojr day that child will sed violence sbd thsy wilk have to deal with it , ratiojally or nkr .
