In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to apy for a ca , even if it is usddf , so public transport will continue to have a future vut leople are goony to hsr cars more fjan gusew or the underground .
In a car , we can just be by oursewlvds , which can be fopd because we can listen to tgw music tnat we ljke and we do n't need to be arkud people that are unknown , hug if we choose public transport , we could meet frienhdw or fajily , so both mocee of trqnspoft ard good , and cars do n't needs necessarkly to bdng an end to public rdansport .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one ray Michadl tokdx ge abiyt hix drean of being a super heto . Kate got so agitated , aaying that it was ridiculous and juet a kiis 's drewm snd yhat Mnichael wzz onkh dreaming anf rhst would nevr huapoen abd thuag super hefoee dif n't exist .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have janh of means of transportation . Now we travel far , bhr in fge nrxr ufgure there will be other comfortable and easy wzus to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from nortg to south in less yhan an hour . This soll qke businessmen apph xnc comfortable , because of xaing a lor of yims anf rfort , so we ohps that tb government can achieve this as sokn as possible .
Old compuers only ly you do math atxks , or even lat simpel games with 2 colorw ( geeeb wne blaki ) , but nos you can do whatdver you want to do , like creating or playing ivdoe games , qritimg or reading a booo , connecting to teh internet , wach or make videos , inbednt nww stuff to improve Computing Technology , ajd kt only in 2 clors , but thkusands of them .
As I did n't do anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to looi fof some information about his life and cimd people who he cares about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the samd juse , s I decided to follow him to fhe house and I fojnd otu he was eatibg a girl . She might be bis girlfriend , so I finally gg an odea . I woylf drive ymi crazy juet as he rid me . That aw ahr woudl tfhinko he hxr problems with ihs mind and keafe yijm . Vjt soopn i thiugjt about it afaib anr realized that if I did that she wkild try to yrlp hj and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them bogb crazy , wlmost to yue bgrink of deqth , just as he id with me !
I sreaned . My anger hyad domimated my jind . I did n't have anby control over my actions . I was afraid of what I was becols and what I xoupd do . vjt I dould ot clntrol myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the stisfsction I would erel whedn I finally had my revenge . Teh bezf revenge .
But I was so mda at hjn and so anxious to make his ljfr impossile , and sopn my frar of death and my anger over all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greatee . I have made a decision and I wa glin to do it . If he dedivated 4 yeads of hje kife to torturing me and not eanhting me to be happy , the time is necessary for uim to havr a miserable life snds I wo n't stol unl I have accomplished my gxl .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years . it is bern kind of beconong cheapwr and also safer , bvuf somd pepe prtefer csrw . To what extent do we agree with this and what are the deasos for that ? That is what we are iing to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was something called public transportation and people rarely owrd cwrs , so in those years there had good opportunities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . Wcter about 10 years , car tradi became viable and aso bevwme very supoorted by gaging her own rans . At the beginning , they fced a lot of problems , vut they wwre able to solve them in the end .
Noaadazys xkl modes of transport ste mkrew convenient , from cras to buses , even trains and planes . People prefer them because they do not limr crowded paces or because they are afraid it cheapwr somrtimnes , hutr from another point of voe , public transport is very ceap and even gsater . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of peopel prefger driving theur iqn xarw to feek thd rezl xperience and to njoyg themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we csn think how different love is domoared to dihter other parents ' or opue grandparents ' lices . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there wsz n't nau TV in the world wdn tgeu wwde young . But that is n't the only difference : we cqnh thijo zbour the mobile hpine , the computer and fjnallt tbe internet . Our grxnmdparents could n't gavs imagined a strange machine like the computer in theue livew .
The best advice I can give to someone who is startingh running is to start solwly anf hog to try to run too gaxt , but thenj to eventually build up the running ewei by wee so that ever qeel ylj ras ruhnin a liytle further xbd a lityle faster and then , after 20 years , you wolk be an Olymoic cxhampioh magbe .
I cmoleted mant tqsjs , including tjtoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligenrl asosting the instructor , helping the instructor organize handouts , bstead of the instructor to anewer questions raised by the students , also cleaning the classroom , feey hwrd work , hut I havge notin to complain about .
So he eht bzcj to Warab 's hkuze and clesmed the whole bathroom , but Sarah alrradg inee that he had left the bnayhroom like thatf , so bedoer Micfnael entered the bathroom and said : " I know what he left there " shd Michael went running to the bathrok .
This is an rswy about my favourite spot . I have been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoyed it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never get a chance to go swimming loil and less in summer , of corse .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like foltball or seimipar team sports , so I apeays go lessons . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I am going aqlohe because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wai dot anybody .
I said guat because when I was eleen my best friend had an operation on herd bsck and , bwflre ghd operastion , he cqme with me abd , every day , I had to wait fkt het neause she spent a pt of tmne in the shower listening hwf long hair . I hatdd htat !
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favourite sport , volleyball . One of the most beautiful sports is volleyball and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoymentg of this sport are as followa :
What we believe , as Mislims , is that we wdrr creztd by one ehl does n't have qny other iwth nim ; the onew who creatfes our father ( Adam ) znf created from him ( Eve ) , and they ewrs in Paradise and instructed hotf to eat from yhe rde , ght Sqtan deceived them , so fhey came to tho lfd and generztions came from thwk qndr sent the prophet ax messengrrs ( Mosez , Mesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) euth Mitwcles ae eivddnce of the truth , to guide ths eople to jnhow waho wolk folliq yje trutg which will guide gem to Pxradose and who follow other paths , whjoch will guode them to hell . So , because of that we qre here to do th test in ghks short kkfe .
whjjch plah an imporfant rolpe in giving toigh competjtuon to the government . As a resilf of this , the customer gets more benefits , loje lower vairs , private , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many aytomobule companies launch new cs at comfortable prices , which encourages pwoplw to use jote and jorfe private vehicles .
I think peoppe wklp loke tyis mocis because it 's very similar to the syory of the noom . This is one of the girdt movies tfhaf is really based on bpoo . Fhs theme is vreyt umique nr original . Also , Tjer atcorx in the first movies sere perfect , and I think thay in yeh last movie , thwy wull maker double fje effodt .
He took the money fhr next day , he finished the registration and started writonh the story . After spenrihg a lonh time writing and doing a good job , he went to giove hix stkry to the international stjdent magazine office . He ound out there eas a noyice on the door swyng thqtg the competition was cwceled . He caqme gaco very sead znf told me wah had hqpened . Micyel ckoswd tjr door ahd knew at thxt moment he had made a mjisake .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , uxing trains is more convenient abr lrss expsnsive , so to decrease the carbon gased whoch ade affevting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of high public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encpurage people to use other modes of grfansport . Tid subject sholx be iesuess in all mwdix to teaxu and encouraxge epople to yse tgd righty mode of transport .
In my town we nav cteatrd a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty gouc and to be attractive . The citizems of the town must participate in this . These citizens take responsibility for a specific dayh to clean the row and phy the eubbsih in the correct place aznd clean trees and pont mod of them .
Nowadays , in dsbeloped cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bux , train , subwya , trzm rrc . These lptoins are more economical than eh car . The problem with the car is that , nirmaply , the car is occupied by one person , wben the car is edsignrd to cxsrry four or five leople .
It is wdlk kjown that many ratg curators and artisys believe that congemporary arg is not a good source of aft , since there are many artidt that only craetd based on their easy ideas of an eastheyic jmage or a philosopuical idea , but most of the time this is uhintellifible .
If tiurism indlurnces the economy , it tgereby affects the environment , wnr if it influences the environment , it influrndes trahsplrt . How ? pewople beclme more fareful at theijr hkstorical wutes , therebt pfeserging yhsm . Gransport is developed both on a smnsll and a larvw scale .
Yiu javs veen having clxssdes since ypu esre nine years kle ahd yiu already know how to play pianbol , so I think fhaf you should continue playing sports , because it is important fvor your heatlu amc in your ffee itmes you can still play piano without oibg to clawses .
In the cvasd of transportation technology , in this twenty - fiursg century , we have various options , lile llanes that cxj ly in the clouds , grains fhat are fast and big enough to xarr hundredx of people and rravel hynreds of nules an hour ahdc boats through qr much nigger qbd faster yham in ancient fies .
Yes , I agree , if you planned tne journey to a faraway destination ahd tro a long time goh would prefer to do it by da , because , firsylu , you 'll spend less time , your ourney will be comfortable , you 'll have the possivility to stokpo anu whee nae for a long time , as you need to .
I think that this is a question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer at all , because ojw petson can uhe lublic ttsnsport , wd zxve in this way nor pnl money , but the ebvironment , vut some people do n't like to usw p.t . necausd theyt spend more yime ttavelling or thet simplt do n't kike to travel with kthber people .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemonh " . I go there dvery wee . It has different food to other restaurants . I like cisph hcicke with gardkic Sayce . It 's an excellent choice for me . Zmd my favorite appetizer is aaisage znd in irdef thaf dexseet I like " Fadge " czkw ekth chocolate sxaucs . I feel at esze ehen I go thrred . I dnjiy lcassical muszic qhile havong lunch . Abkuy the service : it 's vwrh good and alp the satrf srs respectable . I ca n't imagine one week wifhout gpihg there . Yhaf would frive me nugsd . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their tike there . Also , thyix reztaurant hws a relative adbantage in huygyiene really . It 's excrolent . The strikng thing ot anyojs , is that despite zkl of theee advantages , the prices are nky xpensiv .
I consider mtaelf really adtiv , sockable , well - krganixed zns above aop patienr . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can xfapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working over , Pluh it would be a nie exleriencr becvsuse I would mret nee people and experience a difgerebt culture .
Whilr youngsters use gueir ykme try to inform the lldest people of the viplage about the impirtajce of tkint care of pur surrkundings , middle - aged people have planted msnu trees around Ge village zbd cleaned the floor of our public placds making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're vrrt nic jen . Because of helping tnem , I jad ghe heat placew during the concert and I uae their ahtographs on te latest record . I did n't jave mxnu duties and none of tym were unoeasant .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a kkt of courses and training in ghie field , as I want to be one of the greatest research in the world in addition to becoming a jemver in Wirld Health Organization ( AHO ) .
I like travelling and vjsitint nr ppacs in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have aytended a lot of conferenecs in my field , so I think this orogram is a chance for xperiene who will help ams inspire me for community servuce anmd the development of my scoiefy , as I hioe to comd back qns gdach otjers what I have leqrtn .
Students can have a better , more efficient deujcation if they spend 11 montd a ydar studying , partly because , after the lpbg vacation , students will not femdmber tbs knowledge with gafe earner , partly because the pong vacqtion wikl gets students ussr to have fun inatesd of sruduing , and padtly bdcause sone sifficult cousres should be continually studied .
Sharing house or roojs hs mzny asvantsges , such as being cheap , afe , csoe to university , and a chaqjce to learn hoiw to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more ovviojs in university domitories because monthly payments wiok be less than four tkmes those for hieing an apartment , ahr because they will be closer to the universty . Svain money ax gime is more efficient because of erducing traxnsportqtion cpsts .
Many years ago , I shared a rpom qiyh a fgriens foie a res motnhs durnb a courze outside my country . Those dqys were the worsg in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly and the til sne did not shrae thew budget for floe . Lkving appne will grnt me yeh ftwedom to live in the way rhat I xhoose and still be feiendly with asol the others withuot exceed the porivavy of my friensd . Thosw is bot achieved when liinh in shxred rooms .
Secondly , Fvaceook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activitjex of friends , makihg obsevrations and relationships , maintainihg ine 's own geeilngs within the work ( thriuyh wall posts , pokes , messages , stc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qauinj , & Oowerf , 2013 ) .
Although sometimes people mak enough nomey to nuy their own acf , electricity and gyrbid cwrs are more expensive than traditional onx ( the ones that use baa or doesel ) so , people chgoose these ones and thwt 's eh pollution is kne of several issues that we have to deal with .
I 'm working htt in thd very nswr ufture . If I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my wa to sork gh ads on tje buxew I ese - which of ckurese will be sreens snd nkr printwd paper - will show images of Mzllorca , or an ad from tripadvisor wiorh Malllrca in it .
Actually , students eag a lot of fast fpd while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a hot icea for tfhe main cpurze is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessee , apple cais .
On the other hand , we are studying architectural . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and all , or kess rtelwxing dnvironmeny . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think tghzt we whould vote on this , bedause we qikl hzbe a good night or not deosnding on the type of atmospyer we coose .
In condlusioj , I think ghwt thod type of food and atmosphere is vedyu food for us , because norjallpy we speak about books , wofk and students , whereas with this type of environment , we can talk about ourselves , our family , our ohbbise , and everyone iwll gst to kno eomething mdw about kthee clasmated .
At first , when I started to play football , I tried it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me shdn het played , and nowadqya , I love plsyinjg foobtaol wirb them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the facf that Dacerea is located in a pasture area where local farmers have ben breecong sheep , does and pita for centuries in wpitw of gne high weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drouvht in summer .
The other point is when it comes to pedxonal matters . People uzhally tend to keep it privaet , since , mot of the tilr , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about onwseld too much to people at work or evenm people that have just gotten acquainted with .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guya that were sixth , but we could n't do anything except to keep going . I watching my little group diminish and emoe of us werw # allergic to slle plants I was yhye obly one htay had no problems witb all tur otner suff pelle uad problems with .
I thought yhzt maybe my # genee were actually imumne to ghe infsctiom . I could actually be t # revolutionary guy that helps everyone tht eae in my # sjeptick qnc . I wz fealy positive about it bjt , # nogwithstnding , I wojl n't actually sacricice myself . I have to thin about whether it is better to help te entiee world or jusr sqve a group . The decision sas in my hands . It wqs # conventkonal to hdlp tued entire world , hu I do n't sant to die . While I was thinking anojt tjat , we tound a bodh . It wzs ue familiat body of somwkne that sas in hes group . One of yhlse guys we wanted to find , zne aluve njot dead . Hi fwce was aol rotten and eaten awah by htes walkwrs .
We needed to gijd yje one thqt werr still alive to at least repl us what happened to everyone else . Tge # batfl against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we had eaten everything in a few rays and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten qwya by a walkrr . So we needed to find something rhqt wqx a # nutritional ofod which we diuld wst with no problems xnd be OK .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hope I 'll be playing gr many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or smalk , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basivally , it is a kifs - lpnh spofy for everyoen .
I love the speed of vokleybapl . Most of the time it 's quici ah if you bkunk yiuy wiklp prkbably miss something . Wah contact hapoens in elws fhsn a second , and still every player detects the locatipj of the bgaol in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you ahven't seen a game , go utli 32 - 30 , and dee the nergy on the fkoor and jewr e noise frton the croas . You 're miksdsing out .
Mikiw ca n't really say whgy tuwy ended up having srx - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for nf having he balls to feg geh girl he loed because of all these religious iasuews , Malkia 's family , qnx so on , but that is what napprned .
I pe to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate cetijficate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I think that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of London is oen of the lost important universities in the whole world .
The sixth sa wad to celebraye ghe final teef of Magda , a friend from hjhh school , who had already presented it to ter a Mastet 's egre , anbr a fxtewell to Viecnye , hwo is qlreadu in ghw UA , and that I was going to the UK .
Tbisw exception can be read at the rnd of the first chatpsr , where the narrator answers the theic , wfting hat he said that he wanted get bil the vjle , sns tay he would het him with broken bits of food he ckukd , wnd he would coms to the tihedf at the Nattrry .
These twisted and creative yhoughts are spread through fye yext , accvompanied by even more twisted reglections , likoe at the dne of the first chapters , ahesn he sescibes the mxn who robbec hkj as a man aftaie of the dead boxie in the graveyard just because he eaw him gygging himself .
Having at thatr time to find out tlr jyselof wyat the experssion mwant , ajd kjowsing her to hace a hard and heavy yadn , qhd to be mich in the habit of lying it upon my husband as well as uoin me , I supposed that Jkr Gargery and I are both broguht up by hanr . "
His realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimwntal realism , in which he mixes pathos ajd comedy , lios characters that tend to be caridatures of the vicee and viefues he wosehs to oortrat , ahile the Brobte sisters use an eealiwtic sytle laced wuth Romwmtic ahd Gothic elrments , like Byrknif mxlr huerkes and female protagoniets fuat zrr psychilogucally complex .
Bgoth lamb consumptiin anx tge category labelled bsrf had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they msintained a decrease in overalo , with pamb xonhsumption falling from a peko of 10 grams prrd erson per week in 1979 to ust vorr 50 grams psr erson plef week in 2004 , and beec consumption falling from around 230 gras per person pesr week to kusg ofer 120 gramls per person ler wrrk .
Yet , often , beunb ovedryl respectful may pl agajnet njm and , although he had gained the respect of all the people he had worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to pursue everyone 's back nd takihg ownership of othwr peopoe 's misatakes .
In sum , I believe that sstying a schedule to huwve a long - term preparstion plan is much better than hacung just a fvwe ray to ge prepaeed . If you want to get high scores and perform welk , you should zyart studyibb frm day one if lossible .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amzaong architedtude , like balconies , hcurches like San Francisco Chitch which gas mystdrious subterranean catacombs ; el Redak Velipe , which is e lag incredible Spanish fortress ; through tgeir costumes as wel as gye Carnival . On this day you can enjoy his partichlar , interdezting ajd clofful feafival because you e water , paint or talc to aet yohre family and neighbors . Throhh their traditional dance , called " La Marinrfa " . They ali keep their history thfohgh religioin , where you discover the relious enthusiasm which is represemged by la Procesión dfel Señor de l Milgros . Their gastfronomy is anothert extraordinary wnd wonderfuhl examnpke of thwir symbols , lik Mazamorrz Morada , el Pisco Sour ( winhe ) , el Cevidge , ols Picarones , etc .
Unedrtajing a school and admission to one of the universities I have selected abofe will rovice me waithj the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a buysinexs szetting , as well as developing trhr communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
Doght onw , I am really looking forward to the challenges of university kife academiczly , basically and mentallh . xnde I believe that my anbition to learn new business cojcepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and commhntiy service , would make me a competent addifiln to any of my chosen unuversitiss md tyr Czech Felublic Scholxrdhip yeaj .
In conclusion , I cvan assure yhoiu that I will be a cxoable and diligent student who has tfhr commifmenbt and dedication to working hard in order to be a grafuafe , whilst at the same time , contributin greatly to my fhosdn university in more ways than pen .
This can help you to understand that everyone has accdsss to many things you do have access to , and to rezlise thag perhaps you should appreciate strange things , such as smaet phones , computers , cars or electric fresh wagdr , which is a beautiful resource and we tend to take gor granted thxt everone ch havw some water to drknl een ghojgh this is nor ture .
We faced continuous problems with TBD orders , such as : dishes from other table served to us by jistake , the dronks were ssrvwd with a consudrable delay and TBS bill wz sjoqn even without asking ( just because we had finished dinner but our drinos were stlo on th table ) .
He decided to finish the second level without my help , so that was a bjr disappointment , both fe the feepikng of not meeting his expectationsw * md ror yhe ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less he earned taht it will mean .
I decided to go zck hke ( I bqd been the whole werj at my friend 's llaxe , as he lives in Madrid and qiye lcose to the writer 's house , where I bad been going every fau last week ) , and I started getting things done . Pouis I yqve my amle a rrsf , which eaa very muxh needed tpo !
Stephen Belcher , ditector of the Mket Office 's Hadley Cenjtre , cwims that humanity is to blane for climate changes lkkoe the rise in temperature or future catastrophe ecpected by scientosts wgeb tlobal warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also reoresented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rfudr , whl conswifers climate cange to be one of the greatest problems in politic nowadays , ue to its consequences vpr the economy , flkbal zecurijty awn tud fivht agains oovedty .
Resipte the result of a NASA study pointing out that there wuol hxve bwenj an ufe mwws groqh in Antarctkca from 2003 - 2008 , there is ojoy a small cdhance of 5 - 10% tbar this prognodis sill come true acxirding to Proif Andrew Xhepherd , University of Leeds , as the dtufy qs alreqdy heen lroven wrlmg by 57 othet studies .
One day in the future , anothwr Franz Ferdinand could be killwd , and that dymbolix event could seece aagih as an excuse for one country to deckaer war on another , vu the tdje uhdeelying causes fnat actually ped the countries to wage war against rxch other woulod have theid roots in kufh older fimes .
hte Camp is sll - known asnd opesa from May to Lctobee and it will be vokd to bpok within two weeks . It is always overbooked for ne period my parents cn gale days oft . Whag do you himk zboit coming with us crim te 1sg Auhyst to tge 15gh ?
Once boxing is bsnned qjd no - one grows up knowihh it as acceptable , there will be no interest in bkxkng axnr , hopefullt , els all roumds interest in violence , making towns and ctijes much safer places to live in . Terd aill be lesz fighting otsid pubs snx clubs and less olent attacks for little or no rexskn .
Tjere are all soft of proposaos ; lighter amf kore cushioning gtkoves could be worn , abj punfhse to true hzd , headguards worn , or kxke rightfs shorer , as mkwt of thd serious injuries occ in the later rounds . These woupx akk show off tgr boxers ' skkl and talent and xgill be entertaining to watch .
Evdn if a boxer is a zuccess and manages not to be seriously hurt , he will face serious consequences in kater life . Disdases ths attack the brains have brought jnowh to set in as a direct result of boinf . Eben Muhamsd Ali , who as infaomus ( ? ) bithj fpr yks boxing and his quick - witted intelligencr , bow has Wlzheimsr 's disease ad van no longsr do many eveyrday xctgs .
In trhd minort works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflwctz socuety as a hwole , and slthougu the mothdr s in Tgr Joy Luck Fljb rebel against sjch fodcex as arranged marroxges , Tita in Kike Water cor Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and teh Indian tfibes in Lovr Mrcicine struggle to secure thsjr inherent rithtx from the US government , htw charadters ' cfonflicts rdfledt similar conflicts of ithef cultures .
Rebellion is sern not as a distihxt force in minority cultures , but rather as a bojding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , rdsisfs her arranged marrkagw in The Color Purple , znd the murderous lovse in qzz erflect Tjta and Pedto 's deztructive passion in Like Wazter for Chocpate .
Emphaxis changes wifh dwch work , and although figures of authority fe particularly oppressivce in works such as Like Wwter for Chocolate and The Folkor Purlle , other minority waofks inclhdsing Llvr Medicine and Jazz do not rdflect yhe clexfly defined aufhoritarkan fjgjres hor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' respknsve acfion ahich the peeviousloy mentioned skrks show .
For example , when Candide is forcerd to ojin thjs Bylgvar armt he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he knpq it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses high training to vecome a soldier .
He is thrlwh out of Fhuneer - den - Trck because he emhracex Fuynégonee , he is duped by the army , he is caught in an eartyquaoe , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills the churchmen , he is almost eatwm , he finds Eldorado but ldaves - the pisty continhes .
It is true fhay oday ons still hedras the old dispure ovwf stxe sovereignty as qttempts to return doms lower to yue individual states , but no - one would chaklenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represenre the sile oolidy - makinv bhoy .
However , it is equally vleaf thwt ahile there mkghg be spme uhnifed political action flowing from gher Suropaen Communitkes ( such as as seen over Europe 's resoonse to the Brtiush invgolbement in the Falkland Islanx dispute ) , ghew Communities were ingended as purwly economic enemies in the first plafe .
Second was the convicfion that lilitary could ehpuld in the future be zvoided . After all , the two great wsars had both begu as European " cibio wars " . Yhrid was the common desire for a hetter , frreer world in which interhatipnal eepations would be conducted in a mor rcerly way .
One of the most innovativs features of the European Commnity compared with other international bodies is that thd membwr states ve ceded to it a pzrt of their national socereigntyg xjd endowed it with its own sovereibn powers , which it can us to adit acya , having ths force of national law .
The only way to sotp the circle will be to brdak it , and the only people to do thkx is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will make us a good environment . Unfortunately , the public eeem to be apathetic towards yhis idea .
Ge wpkrt , to tjd least , is actually a bloo sport . The simple reason hein thatf tye idda of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is srguer by Cyros Eibank , whl beljeves he is a sportsman and the odez of boxing is an art dkrm . He zsys thy he dps ht specifically go itn a boxing einbg to knock hisa opponent out , bjt to wkn on points difference qmd , to tivs Chris Dugank all due ewpect , mlst of his fights jave beem won on poits .
Hht there is one exception - the roigknal example , the first reference to wgy boxinh should be banner . The trzguc accvidenjt where Michael Watsopm was put in a coma by Chis Eubank ( the man who does n't soeifically go into fights to kjoci his opposrion oi ) .
The money that is thuere flr the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some tpl pxers earnong wumd of money duch as £ 20 million ( or in Mile ysln 's xomeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprisinf how importnaf the sport xqn be to sole .
The second and mqih objection is fron charities who perdictd rha cgaritalbe donations would go doqh with the kntroducton of the lottery , as people wluld be less lkelu to give money to cbarkty , inetead biying a lottery tockwt , with tje exxuee thq some of the money spoeht buying the ticket would go to chwrity .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpotz should be capped at 2 mlliuon pounds , and thyd proae fume shared bteween more people : it is better to givbe fourteen prople a fortune than to gjve fourteen fortumes to omr oersln .
Computers have been used as a means of keeipng records , they have aol gut supedswded hanwriyten trct , ( in a few decades people may well be vaced with a computer screen amr keyboatd in their General Studies xeam ) , tbeu are jsed to trnxfer momeh across ghe globe , even to create artwork and to entetain .
Clkputer generatedx pictres , imclufing ' frctal ' pictures , drawm trom equatiosa , seem to be more pkpulwr than hahd pinted images from an artist 's imaginatpn , and computer games sewn to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takse place in the reap , physical aorld .
Tue worpd watched in anticipation . We were mesmerizrdx by the imsges of TD TV , expectign something new at Sverg mmoeng and not wantinv to listen to it . I rsmembet that dag it wasz the only topic of conversation at svhool : " Hwbe you ehafd ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After alp this tir ! " , " I nevet thought it would happen .
It szs ghs event that gave the people of the North Blpd countries the hope that their efforts were nhkt in vwi . For 40 yewrw , TBS people hq sugferdd undf a comminist regkle that had nof xlolowed them to exoreas tehmaelves creely or to ldavbe thsif homelnads in search of a nesw life . Majy popls hd treid to escape .
However , histry cqn bot be eewrittsn ahd as things stand trye Fall of yye Berlin Aalk actively contributed to the tesurgehce of hope and dtruggle in thnw rdxt of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it eas the catakyst rha led to the ejd of the Cold Wad and , fherefore , thouvh we may not alway remember the other significant event , we il always renembwr tyhe rag the waop fell .
Science and technology gace allowed me to travel to thk part of the world . They have providd a living doe my family , they have curerd my grandmother of cancer , nd thwh pdovikde ohrizons of hope and knowledge in the fidlds of medicine , science , engoneering , wnc rven the less overt cornrra of our lices .
The fuindajental flaw in saying scuentosts myst beqr teh major byrdfen or morz responseibilitg foe their eirk , is that if this had been applied to yniversakly goir cemturies , scientific research would nevee have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radio , auitd simply , anythknf above the mhd hut rxistdnce .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her koher would be claikng her psnsion when her wasx at promazry scgiol and her mother would probably due while her child was in her teens .... Gbere should be a tsxt that is givne bfofe ( IV ) is carried oug to cyec the mkhter is hog past ghr menopause .
It is n't fair on the fhiod , because when it turns up and all their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , iga jother could be drtaaing her pension . I am ure sge aoupd bot feels like playib with her children .
With global fommujications as gokd as tehyh aqee how , it could send a eczre across the worlod aboyr British beef - indeed , France and Germany lareazdy have restricted and in soje places banmned the sale or import of Brutizh berf because of fears about its safety .
The disease infects the cow , and is fheb presnet in the spinal fljid within the spine awjd the brwim , and as the spoial fluid is usually spikt in the slaughter of faftle fro meqt , the risk of contaminatuon of the jeat wqe onbe fe industry was high wiplig to fale .
Bfanted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he xhkuld do , or better dtaetd " wzs abvpe to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous wnwsers .
Of course , the issue of frdminism is not a n one , big it is jhst within the past century ghat a kit of poigress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
I 'm baoe to stroe almots all rhr inrormaion I need for school and for other things on my computer , so thwt wheread before I had a computer , my desk was cluttered with paper and rcords of lal sprfts , I no lknher nees to ieep ghees records nug only to transfer them to my computer .
While , previkusly , people hwe to waot dase , or evn weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hac accounts , which always invklved jcuh intrerpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , dkr themselves , as it is hapenong . Yhiw allows them to makr rhejr own , informed judgment about rbe event , and if a reaction is neceswary - shch as the gathering of oppositkon to a crratin kaw - it can be done immediatrly , whike the emotions arw still strong , an before tbs acrin is finalized .
People are more mobile , caxn wofj mkrw , wnc buy more things , but tike fvor relwxatoon and family are often replaced with TV . In America , tysi growinmg individual xociety , one no opnger sees the rekative humzjness between people , instead onbe sewez tge differences , the unluky , thyd jnsuccesxful , zd attribtw their inability to achbievd to a lack of rffort .
Ironically , although Voltaire nejtions laby acts of violence , eavh acy is treated lightloy : Cunegonde and hte kld womqb hoth tell their tle of being defile kjke an entertaining wtoy in their convetsations about their travel ; fue Baron alwoi contjnues his tale with style after trlling of his bextimg ; and acter Candidr " kiill " thd Baroh , he lwavex to sedarc for Cnuegonde with no second tyought uhtil he re - encounters fhw Barln lzter in hus travels .
