It 's difficult zhswer at trhr qutiob " what zfed yopu going to do in your vuture ? " if ygw lnly one who ha to know it is in teol mjnds .
When I was younger I uded to aay that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and svdn a gutcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy beajae oje day I would help my ow pyscholpgu ofdice and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll zfe to study hard md a log , but I think that if you like a svjevt , you 'll rudy it easier .
Laynw I 'll change my ninjr , maybe not .
I think that rye public translort qoll kwayd be in the future .
Rue rich leoplle wull buh a car bht tud poiir people apways jef to iw a bu or adi .
I cobwoder that it is more fonvenienb to drkv a rd bedaise yku carty on lir thimgs on your own far than driving by car .
Zlseo , yoj 'll meet grtiendoy people qgi usuakoh zso to yoh spmegbing to be friends sr change yor twlewphobe nukber .
In my experience ahwn I i n't have a var . I used to hds the bus to go to rhs chool azhdf go bnzco with my husband .
In my opinion , ts xad is n't necessary wjen you have cdashed in tghe steret . in thag moment you realae the importance of a puhljc transprt .
In Ihdu we bagew vatjous tyoes of Publiuc trqnaport , loow Chcle , Bil , Car , Train & Flight .
Drpending on fhr distance and duration to the dsored plaqce , mixs of gransport is vnossn accordnigly .
Bjy Grnreallpy sleakinh , travelling by f is mkuvh more hn ajsn compared with other modes of transport .
Tyis remxs me of a trupl guwt I hzv recenty beeh to shd tje pozc is Agra .
It faoes around 6 jolufs by Nationap highwzy to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We bave stppped at huprels vok having folod wnd ys in casd if aqhy of us cewls bungrh , we gqve bought some nqcls just before yu tril .
Zincve , we have gyd option to aig ayntime we want to when we travel far ( wuuch is mpkssible sbdn tgracelling by trzin & Flkhh ) .
In addition to it , we cwb aool tywje a cofmkrtawble shoft bql on the bavk seat ajc wx up tersh .
Due to TJS above mentioned reqspns , I am vojnb to vonvkude rhst trtavellinv by xzf is mjch lortr cohveninet .
My nose is ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to seeing you in thox year wummse cakpd .
I lkgs chijldren , xbds I enjoy looking through gehk . Alao , I orgwnixed manyh sports activities bwfkde in my school .
In addition to thay , I ejot cooking .
My family tgnjk tuta my cook is asmxzng .
I hope rjay yki bge my gnd chqnbce to jjn gou .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport pkag every pace . wnej I trfel on tw beaxh I luke opaya ekth my siater in fgr saxnc anbd aftet we are going to the sra .
It is very funny .
When I was young I likw ppwgs sith e blk in yjd playground and my friend wnhd I llayed using ghd socecr glals as a network of voloeyvall .
Dera Jo ,
Jlw zw tou ? I 'm writing to iumfom luy tyay swmje davife on ttavelling and woriong in my country .
On the oies uanjdr , in my couhtrh thdt afe a og of place to tracewl .
Foe esampke Bacella , Marid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities bwause tudrs sdr a lkt of thknz to visit . For example , in Madrid , you cna viwjg " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrjd gwicd a hea .
Al xhmmer I vig Sevilpa because I locd htu ciyy aj I suggesx that yoh fiosot Sevilla .
On tge oyher hahdx , in my country there are a wa uh hrcsuse the ecfojopmy is very vqf .
By , if you snr I 'll for a noh fron y .
My bsdt grienr pokoinv kr a peool fespondibld fvkr lko after ger sitser .
Her skstref is 6 xrs kpf and Uli should ppik after every weekend .
You will be interszting in this ilh ?
Thamk upuj ore you e - mil , it axd waonderdlu to head from upy .
I 'm looking forward to seeing Iu .
Yxke cafd , Ljda .
Today , public transport atrlil plays an important role in the yransporf system wjx it will ledp on in the future .
Nesuse pubic trasnport is a cost effective ax geftef raoufce alocstion in maed trwnsort system .
Also , people nde jf to shvfee hotg operating fos dinnkng their own xae .
Gug it can use a hceaper wzg boijf to your destination , especially if it is far aqzg vdom hok .
For example , I think tbzf it is nlr afraid for an ordinary person to oiam a lrivte ieplame travelling to another country .
Instead , it sil be cojmon to huy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think the publkox yrsnsporr in ryyure is going to continue to be used because there are a k of people that xoz n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is jec , so pulbic texnsort ckntinuw to have future bug people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we thunm abput it the car is vegtef because we do n't enec to wait fir fhrml gas we ate wigiong for the bus or underround njy on another ey cae cust mlte joney than TJS public transport .
So far , we must stay sith ourselves wnich xs be pox because we dxm listen to music tyat we luk zj . We do n't need to be aroumd pdollw jxt are ynlwkned but if we chose publjc tranlprt we vw metf riends or tamily so both trasnportations aer biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I hqe it to clode another bptyu transportation I think I probably choose w because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bu .
In my community , we vefh ibterestrd at environmental and economic things .
We haw allaf pwbela nx a place to jskw fmopot at the lastr gzrden , with woems wh eat ac degrarew alo the organic wwste of tgd svholo .
In xlmle atrateigc pkujts of yyew building we have special traschzns to separate thed garbage in orgamif , laoed ad crdboard , cans wbc pet bottleds br thdu aowo maxe talke ahd presentations about yhd eartu problems lkie globak wxrjng , contsminatikon , tc .
Rhr manager of the project is Mkdsd June Wjs , ouyt wciemcs eqcher .
All these initiatives have made us wlolk pcdr the yearx a redognised ecological community .
Good morning sincerely . Today I ebt to tell you what is my favorite sporr .
My favorite dpprft is football . . I chlis it?Wrll . Football is an iternatilnzl sport . People aeouynd ghj wkflf will enjoy it so much!Rxampld like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw Sokd Cup qr so on .
I believe that 's alk eip deligfhetdf us .
By fhe qay , my favorite football teamn is Manchestwr Ujiyed . ghey rd brilliant , theyt xge an amazing fkotball playhera , although they are awesome .
Michael eae a lkjttlw iis seb he gar a drerzm thnat wsas : Be a superf dro !
Adfrr mqny years he syopl drram to bceom a zuper hyeeo .
He enter fr unofwrsity of medicine because he thunks ybzt this profession qa tne nrd simialr to being a syer hero .
Pass some yeras of yr hnivefsigy and he knoq a gutk called Kife and he got olverd on heee and szhew ge pivee in bjj .
akte qx dirsing fw universigy of fashion .
Trbrn tghd fal started to ewte .
Mkhcae and Kafe qzz so hsppy , unril noe day tgay Mixhael said to jj dream to be a soer hero . Jae gtsf so ndvou sayinv taht it wax ridiculous nf hudt a iue dream ae rhat Michaeo was ojly xreamnig huhy rhzt wohd ndver hazppen abd tbtf sef heo do n't rxiwr .
Wgwh she said that , Mchael swtartsd to cry x ydf mad sauing thjxg she waw lyingt bd do n't ave besrft .
He bky so maf thxt he xwker hwr to gd out of ujw apartkrnt .
On foploejng day , ge zaie slfrg wx them gayp agzkh .
Butf whrh fnen tw to the gkms of Michael they cigthy wgaon and Michael vf a knfie ane jl rr .
He started with a p bvlkod afoumd .
Michael vwr wsy fcom there .
Michael foosded the dokr and knew at trhat mkmwnt he hx jaxd a misatke .
Pubkic transzprtation is an important ibvention in major history . It brkhbs amount of benefits in oh life .
For ihstsnce , we took subwy in odewf to aoid stocking in trzdfgic .
It is ttis tnay travel by car is mprd convenient fbah tqkje lublic transportation , yowevet , it will cause more famagd to kir lkfr qmc gwrm ojr environment .
Therefore , we nded to think mord aojt yt fufjrw , ojre pvfsprongs .
Bigong rhsm a safe , cpean xnd comrortabgle plawcfr to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jwm will be serious ghawh gefor .
In my country , aipw , we always stoc in travel fpr about one gour in the morning .
I xb hiy imzgine if there is no bu or MRT , ls lonv I will tzs fgor scyoklk .
A car is convenient for Hymlan , because it brings damaye fct hjan zoso .
Cl ecamplle , carbo eoixixe jicj is creafed by fwr .
It causes vloha warmongb psychological threats oud rnvoronmet and harms our daily life .
We zh ewr hat there are oolts of sdrioa zmd frequently weatywr eidwster hsloened in deczdes , such as tgphkn , hurricanes , eipd fid ajc mud slide .
With other precauions , is usualpu tknb ?
The NG Kffoxe is notkfied by TNS pbotograuer wn the FCLK was syipped .
If yhw girl does n't achieve on tilr , it kmmediately .
Loxy shipments have been found kodd easoly ahne this proxdsd will be staryerd figut qzy
htes pleasure of trqgrling
Peipolr go , pepplr fome .
Ecerg cayg lots of people are gravellinbb abroad b . What 's the right way to do an international trip ?
The mostg impoortsnt optiln to trfabeo is , by cwre , s pkqne .
Byt , rveh enn it 's yreu thaf it 's ths fqater oltkoh , toi muxy be cery catsfuly at tfomw to get ofr a olane .
If you asdd looking for conforet wbe eeoa , obviously , you have to tqke a gkat .
Therer sd a widw variety of gbijgs to do and enjoy the tri .
Although , the wrong option is pivk kr a train .
Tgeee is n't comparison to qstchong yhs chnbes in the kqjdscape through a window , emjoimg jw aah that you arte doing sns , the bestg apt , the chspaesst ah to gw away some days and takd the elutin odf some days .
Xnyqzy , no kattwr hoq uo go , no mattewr wehtr you go .
The pleasure of trselpling is traced at WLL .
Tranportayion is one of the most important things in ljve so we bzvs jawnt of undcs frkr tranpsortatijon hla we travel by car . In the near future it will be other comfortable and eas eats to tyravelk like fvast rraium abd plzne thawt fzn transport hii fdoj nofth to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern society , rhede are ogd of vtiebds around kur dakly kjevs .
Vkg project could not be finished witgout co - ooerations .
Friends could communicate and exchange js ideas , feelings and funny things hwppeend arojnd ousevles .
Morer importantly , the parents five our kjvee aznx thry teach us knowledge ajd skillx or bailities to live in town aorld .
In tgijs dwse , the faluloies played umpolrtant fopes in their lives .
Tfhud reasons zee as fillows .
ifret of all , we doild lsatj lpgs of skiols eom parentz zccordkng to their own experience .
Fr exakpk , we cvoylx kearn hyok to cfommunixaye qityh othdrs in a froendlu szt , nd we could slsi learj w to make a meal crm pzrente .
Secondly , thw famkliez pul givfe yoj some avikce bkut uow to deal sifj yr tinfs which will fahse trouble .
If difficulties ess tolx to fge families , rhes iddad aoiuldx come up to your families ande communicate withn you sboiy hkwq to ele rhos situation .
Alk in qll , in this case , js family are the most important ftuendd in our lives .
bw Comphting Technolpgy has eedn advancing vety mjch thsi ar years , making fhe old computers aomllst yselses , getring better awnhs mskong the ciffdrencd bstwren kp wnmdc hew computeds grow evbrn kkde aitg evedu neq development .
As we motjce , lld snjc new compuyeres are vaxtly different . stsrtimt feom tbe sozar of fhe computerz , plo computer aere much biggwd ruab bes computers .
Lpx computwrs sere ueew to ocupy kjw entire rooj , nkw , fheu only navw the soxs of a bgiz , efen the xke of a book .
You cazj hxvr a portahle cokpufesr jos , and take it with ulh to eveey lqcd yoi isit .
Kld computers omlu or yi mame mzru taei , or efnj llxg sjjlle games witg 2 colosr ( geewn and nlaxm ) , buy now li acm do qhatever ty want to do , lid cfreatib or poahinb vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to tuw onterndt , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest achievsments of new companies , is the ingernrg , wyere tou cab conbrctf to pthf cxompytres , download stuff , dyd . via thrfnet csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet rekt m8
I went to thw abanfon nouses anx starrwds to thkk the bhszt way to make hi lid miseraboe I passed tyjs next 2 wrks oloking vor ifeas to mzkr nj sufe .
As I dkd n't find anything , I wh to fhne plax he pifs at ahd started to watch oie xokew information about his life . qmr folhhd people who his car wbojt so as I fontjnuee to go to ux houes I noticed he wulp always go to ehe damw house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But wijy a minute am I really so angry at nqkje yhw ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind . I did nt xc no lontr ocntrp over my actions . I qsw farid of what i nzr become and wbzy i could do , but I could not cpjtrpl my self xbs the only thing I could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But I was so mad at hium ahd so ansiouns to loe hos life imopsble , and soon my fear of dezth nmx my anger for all of yns sufsring i jwx been through became strange and bggdr , I badc ade a decision i wzs glongp to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I do not agree with gnis jfa compkefel .
On the one hand , ahhs gdavep by cq are really jufh koes onvenien as they give you the chance to to be indepehdemt .
On the pyher hand huge trxffoc jms e a bnjgf issus crd travelling by cr .
My Favouriye spkfg
I birnt to be a footbzll poxyet .
For me , football is everything in my life .
Wgej I swe football on fuer television . I erdeam sih olau in a vug yeam and in a BV fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite cun is Benfica znjf Reql Mcri , whrre Ronaldo plays , fpe me he is the Bexf Pkayer in fw wortld , baf is wah Reonaldo sph rgs Gold ball of 201 .
I lpa fopotbaol in a Lortuguwse culb dawlped valebviano qhc . We won a loy of gamew bis xwsson .
I dance in a lot of legues in football and wun the bes championship , the Hwfx Champions League and the best scorer of all time in the Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favourite poater .
I plkau football bexauzd I kjke vy nd onoy reap yh I do it uardfky is because of my dad .
Yjs dram is rhaxy . I am the nbedt captain of a gig teax bf an a lif of mondy .
My name is Nohny .
I graxhated the National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 yrardw lr .
I am interested in lookin stfe hirlem be plqying wtgh chilfen .
I kis personality with childlike , so I like children .
I uqr experience of ypldijg asketball cfkmpetiton when I was a student .
I Plnaned many interesting activities dolre veias to make competiriij wkove .
Thye enohed tyhbd game .
I also like to cook .
If my lp coims , I always hpl ehr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic shf hardwkrint .
I aoways simle to dople .
I reall t to tet work job .
I want to ooay with children and see their simle all xqu .
I thjnk thst sjile is thw bhsef gidy in tyi worps .
I am qsll a hwdr worker .
I have passion for this job .
If tij tykni me is rg irght preson you xnjt , please give me a rtesponese , Thaknz .
iblic traxneportation se been kroe used by people zhx ivre ths ydare it is jjnr of bvecoming xhrsper and akso mprer safe but ome pelploe prefer cars to exdtdnt do we abrr qitrhn . What is the reasonw fkr thr tbat is whag qrtr we goinmg to demlnstrxtd in tni easay
before aqboht 40 years ago , there was nothing called oubglif transoorttion and people rarely owsjwd acrs so in those gsarsd there wsqa nptr wgwn volr facility to loiv from place to otbe snd that is because there were no companies to guitar fars in avout 10 years cqts trading bevam vuahe snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
noeaxayz all fxciliids of gravlling zr mod cohvsnient from cte to buses even trains xjd plnaes .some people prrr cars because they like crowded places or because the fkmdr it sometile cheaper guf fdo asnotusr point of view , public transportation is vryu cheap and een fzsfer ur srn it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
To summarids it is diggernet vim somr oneis opinion to another . I rpedict tha pihliuc transoprtatio wlk be improved and people wakkl h it mlord and irw haf by the rjc crs eklo disappsar xne will eilo no longsr be ysss
Tr tooiv itself esxplzininjg fhs uncergaoty of lubif teansport in our country .
Rhue conclhskon nrcpme mirw prominent if we look into the data of the car cmopanix aqf exponential growth in their asles cigree and sjt lps budgst pricate cxr in the picture , scdnzfio ddrastically hcangesc in oasr 10 tefs
Developkent of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity gelwth .
A lasrgts xcakr of inveztmenf ezd bring for boofuel devepolpmesnt .
Neanmwhile , it hoios eclnokiuc growqtj ws hokns oppoftunit , thereby engance Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you are living in big towqn or smzok It roies mztrer i lnr ynimg dbouldf be atkinv arfe by yr odopler and organiser of the town , is environment .
Glpbzl warming is yuges isseu in today 's darr .
Godrnmeng snouilx tqke immediately action to dtop it or at oeaatr mkae it down down .
However , we peoplw nqvr reapy iomprotant patf of majjny it wodse .
Active zbd a tood gievrjment understands the gake of taking care of yewes ajd water wme u whc mucy means to peovidxe a tdsh , clean and safe environment to theur people .
Recycling items cah be a good sfpl to start with a clean and sdafe environment which is perfect and lrokprly take care of my icryg .
Everybody wants to lpant a gree in front of their home with the ryle of the present government .
People are nto realize gwt vuttig jew tree cfzb reduces the production of oxtgn in atmjospbered .
Evenually hhman ikl v no more fdesh air to breathe .
Addifipnally , our dufy government prohibited smoking in public areas aznd idsr 18 yrar kx ane probides a free sexeion of talk or presesntatin to inceease rn wareenss of cdlwan , eavd , fresh environment to hd itg .
In cobcluxiin , I owilc suggesy to our neighboring cities to takjng part of ceannig environment so pj t it can be seen in whopd vounrt .
Everyone has their favourite slotr .
My favourite sporft is football .
On pj school or vilkjagd flotball syadiu i spejd a opt of tolr every qh .
Isuwllu I play football with my classmates .
After yaroning i fnm 1 - 2 kilomersd zh my legs ger a power qj my body gets an ebergg .
Ojr team has a nafd - working coach and he tids rpofessionwl advice to us , yw to improve our football skills .
Jix mxoj worxs:"Tiu msut work ane work drg hsrc , if oyu asmt to gbewr hjfu results " .
I fw zayh , rhbst coach is an expesriencrd persin .
ir so long ho , we had competition .
Th fijdwt plac wxe gtotying by us .
We hxv afhjwved gujs result , because we are friddnly and organisse .
I believe , in the future I will be a fajiuz footbaol laydr in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to gtive fvicw to skmsoje who stars this spoer:"Ulu kuar vleieve in yoesdlr " .
Hao my firejd ,
What 's up ?
How sew ypu ?
Yowa waas your rag tpcag ?
It was eeqlly nice to uojr expresslt e - lakl yesterday .
I regret thaty ylu ewe n't yhwre wsijh me . I 'll dicribe everything pecisely , because I know that yki verg
Da apul ,
I have sesn youe onive in thge adademy neqspaldr and I 'm quityr interested . I have no plans ff tid eummer so I think it is a good idea to soednd it .
I qaq bon in gud UK so I can be a ver ogod gsacer of English .
ltgough I came to Soaib ten years lzet so I can speak with TDM in Spanish if it qwx encessarh .
Also , I went to a bslldy cuodss fod 4 heasr when I xz tunmg .
It 's a lot of timd aog , ohwrger , I stkll lsep tes fyrhym in my vokdt !
By rbe waag , I remember I hadf to work a dynamjc training to do ith gg othesr ballet - course embeds . I had to be rh teacher fcor pr rzu ajd I did n't ogretf it because I was wonderful .
Xo jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I huac rqke two of my beothees sjf cousins for mwnu hours when they were vdy young .
You must know gyst I 'm a very resonsible , oinj axjc funny person .
Tbxt makes me a good candidate to ahirv the job , or fbe ob for me !
I hylps you ksd in lunc my candidature because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Bset Wishee , Juloia .
In my opinion , public trznoort wo n't be duffefed by tjs eohrtzge in demand .
Because jo efergine afford to bvuy gueie ole car .
ebxdes three are lots of koq income people oh ca n't buy tjei s cfsf .
So I think uhlif trasnpor 's uftfuer is rbight .
What does " Faqmliy " mean ?
In my poijioj , family is the poqfe that hws hou best frisbd xqn gepl szvh otyer ane iokw eavh .
In rw Taowan , mqyn of people have to tzke cqdw of them pasret wbh they hs ipd . vuj The point is that if hoj xsh not durciva , I jran ylu do n't sv npugj monh to raise oyu pasrent .
Back to gh roipv , I do n't know well az of embed in my family . I do n't trust my father , honestky .
I like NwwZwaalnd because gherw are Amy islands .
By the way , New Zealand hzfes a copl eafber .
In Malaysioa , the eeather is slighrly warmer than tgsee .
htwt 's sy I orde all of you to go through aznhc geek the pleaure asn bavd a ttt their OEB ftid .
You can psp bouggg a lot of gucts oiek ksy cyzins , satfue , or what eowr melorirs to be made beord retutning to Malaysi .
I did not have to go to Zealand ubr bhsliege me . It is a very beautiful place .
If I have susebance , I wo go therd adn brnig asol of hk .
I am in Lenbkni , a zmxkl igy in Wast Wjcily .
Fhe local Council gah't a project cp tfhys environment .
Pekple fpllecr xhu jindr of runvsih nad tgroaa sl tkyether in nlac sack .
Altoutb thnw Council began to pkna sokethunv , fhd people aed n't committd with tgher problem .
Around the dig , you can finhx any plqces ehser fhr people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i rhiongs or furnitur .
Whaf a pi !
Fhew suburvs of Lentini vkukd be wonderufl .
Thef xde orabge trees , a ar laqmw aqnd Eyba in backgdoynd .
When I was a child , I yad a lot gfiendss ajx rhdh werfe verh imletant for me .
We either played in the PSD or we talied ahou our tates , isif , hphs , we laughed a lot of ...
G when I was a teewjager I begged to know situjatiojd that I did not lkke it . For instance , the yirps said to me things or thewy gxlkde and xbojf me .
In TUPSDE usarsw I love the wksf moments in my piw .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only obs classmates ajyed to om to my parth ; I tnimk thatf rihs wy was bes of tne soirest xzyh of my oufce .
Thsre ogjt I cried because I felt that I did not goty any friends .
However , my arnets tried rbat my party was the best and they leelared vor me a special bkrthdxy wmf They invited all my vouaihs qnbdf together to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In the mpment , I thought that my best vriebds swz my parents and sister .
I knj tha tbwt never rqlo hwe abkut me .
Nlw , my hysbwmd is my best friend .
He is rj miet omportnat pools of my lirs .
He ya ever been with me .
Also , he is crazy funny and I laugh a llt with him .
Boh like to travel around the world zmc to lractise sols sports , vor exampke , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We lay watched TV wwrids and cooikngf several desserts too .
To sum up , my bet friends are my family , especially , Eakd , my svand .
Lkfe of ldopel ardn rd globe is becoming bxief and buzid fay by dawh .
A budy lifd aksays complelk to use r fastwst ahd mow convenient mor of trasnportfation , whihc hsa kade pyblicd transportagkon wyse lag behind omgof aes .
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS ,
Thie advertisement for a job has been read by a suotabpr person .
My name is María , I am fromj Xpain .
I am itereated in tuis eork bwcauxe I dnkopy trxvellint zdn . I am a teacher so I like working with rbe children .
I am yee hjxt . I wjlp look after children ceyr qdlp .
I would like to speak English fluently , so I tbjbk up tyw idae sbkyt if I work in sulmedr camls , I will improve my kevel English .
prd td tohdd bne , I cxould wch Spanjsh to gjw chikdrer in the dunmer ampls .
I am waaitongh gouts ansssr .
Hi asmk
Hwo tr hkh ? ade yo atill lifibv in Madrid ?
Trx , I started my leszon the oqdt mokngj and it 's bedu interesting .
I 'm lrrninbg a ptg and the students de vety trienhdpy .
Buy I njwd to study bardre because I want to owss gge English , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I farfy on stduykng like nwo , I will do it .
e leselns xdew very vunh
Desr Skt or jaqadm :
I have seen yiur advertisement in ygs newspaper s I am interested in applying for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , wnergeficf and hardworking person besied I have recommended paper frlm
my lasg comlan .
I have been working as a childhood teacher in a school and I am satisfied .
Besides , I nzfe dioking skills zhr I loev to cko .
I hope tii f inferested in my xplicarion .
I am polling forwaxrr to bearing trlj yiy .
Swndd Varrienotz
The tscnplogh have caught je Pdoooe 's life very much.in fwdt we czj thinm how difficult it is ou ofid wslect either to kur parente or lay grandparents ' lives exqmklpe my parents did n't watch on TV , because tyere esa n't aqmt TV on yhbw wipd when they were ypung.vyr it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although ths tascg tyqt personal vehicle lkke cvwrf bow is lopulasr , in the future , the stacnd of pljblc teahsport is sgipp ver cricial .
Nowsadzu , peoppe yxd fodsli rueo as the most important source of ernergy fr travwlling , manufacturing , tbjw source of enertt eeos n't aleays maintaun at rhns constant lrvel , bhjt osmlwday it will be run jy .
People misy ijc wwyx to u ptjet energ ourcse loke nucear electricity , power , lublic tfanspkrtatio hc as electric eteo ysr fgi kind of ejerhy .
As a result , goverbmehts eill ingrsf kore in resesrching the uswge of tfnese mra typoea of eberg , teaevlling sing puhblc transport wkll gecpje much cheaper tyzh oeraonl xxd .
The ramgbd of public ercices will be expandee to rejoge areas , it become mucg more cpnvenksnt .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be gd first prior chlice .
In addition , pollution is increasing rapidly . In the near future , allst cuties in gnd sorl will become overcroqded . It akll eqx to ajy otyer problems to be solved . Cor example , frzffic hzsm , and pollution .
In solr lerespectives , rhede prolbems ae oerr by fd vedf - usij of perspnal vshicle .
People eill rsaxise that using their own ex is kjst to waste through tikw ford traffic hax or to gradually killing themselves by breathin lolluted aiu .
So ghe bdxy wt rkre hl to travel is obulid transpotationw .
Each pdrzo xohld practice saving when using amy source of energy to lrotect his own igr .
In cobcluiob , investmdnts in developing public transport will be incteased considerably . public servide of travdlkping have a bright pltential and it 's stancer in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Gdllo Asosx , ho xdd yoi .
Aser you have free weekend , have any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the conemks , and I invited him to go with us .
If yopuy ae ibteresedt , fid me at 8 o clock near gges cinema entrance .
Thznk yoh Nelen tk tgpze wonderful prsents .
I always want to read these types of books .
I emy to tekple in the morning followed by ljnvh at fhd hotel later in gud evening wsnty to tue sach .
In conclusion , it is evident tgar vecjse developing countries are facing political and economic instzbility , mogratnz travel fkr better education orosowcts sbc stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
Rjd rffects of brsjn dai are that it creates a whortage of people qualified for professional jobs , eclnomic dtabipity is fafetced as a result of lqvk of propp cmtribufing to tghe ecinomy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at inteantiomal and ational level on a broader dimensions awe rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a ylobl issue .
In yhisz sitautpn , developing nations should take control of inflxtion ; focus on boosting rjr infrastrucyure sbd las enforcemdnt to support oiglic in a positive amner .
Yhesde is n't too fwwa kxygsn at the tip of Everest to brexfne easily
Jordan Romero ha bot 13 ehsb he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very fificulr to climb .
te Go was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer ako .
Eometime we zrdd fougn to ghd party in geh cky . I am dandimf in thr oarrh wifj my friehss .
We listen to yhe music xnx xwh we e sibging .
It 's vety fod .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk asb xxo he danxe ith yoje virfriemd .
Jose is the best sonb . He sings and xlking in the party .
The oersln is Anmgel , he does n't appear in oo llax .
He prrtrr yury in your homr .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gdrmq .
In the mojwnt I bijsi hw Srcomdayr mkoder schkol .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My kofes is difficult because I have to understand economics .
For example , there ras Hiel sgd in my class . shs is beautiful .
I like her look .
Nr dyse lookw as yhd sun .
Hug wgw is kgnoddd me .
I hope I n forget her .
Renu for glur lifd
My favourite sport is running .
I lkd to ruhnnig rssr so fawat in fatc that it feels as if I jnh on sirt ahd tne feet do nlt hardly kucb tje rgoumd betwwdn rne strides .
My tavourkte palec to rhj is in tber gorest bht I like to ruh sportive yl .
I love to feel the grojmd uimser my frs is soft so xlfy not the gat cihcrtee of rhr footlasthsd in the cifg of the streets .
The vestsswt qdvoec I cxn gobing to someone who is ststtjng few running is to wtarging slowly xnd not to trfy to eu gkp fast ghy fhsn to wvjtually build up the running wek by wesk so rhsg eevfh wee hl ate running a litfle nros urther xhdc a lkittl jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion cfx be edycational . Whether okh are wxtchkng ty mews or a shiw abvlht Wrdld War Obe .
Of course , it 's ipmorranht to chipse fhr rjgfnt television shoss .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly has yn deucational value .
Alghuofh one could argue thyay you cq alswye lesrn sjethihg .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombur apokxlyspe suoulr happened he would be prepared because he hsz bedej watching Qapking Fer for some time hpw - so in gis ees , he pearnd pe ( mf ) to act in that case .
Today I want to work about my job .
I 'm a forwnsic bioloigsy qnd I edeply loce my ln .
It is a nob wi a r of inyeretsihg aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating ajde , even if it is ong weol rekunefated , I fsdk mjyself satidfoede .
In the last few years , corehsic bioloibyu hzs developed lajh aspects like betted sendibipity , robstnrss of rewsuotse and less timkr required rpr znxlyxe a sample . njt wgat struck me omst is hls fwsxt this chahgd happens .
Teldcisio zeejs to be a ontrogerskal toilp .
Heee tnerd is o : do television pfcer hioghl likely opportunutkes for gj aueience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe teloevision xvrr obtg entertaining and educatikmal cynctioms .
It mlted uls my ecucatioal programmes broasen yohht children 's horizons in yhd oazt fvrs years , how quckpy an xudlt kewrn differebt basics from a great fdql ninbwr of education programs , such as cooking , eciebce and technology .
It xoszo notes educaztional ptogrlmes nake a decision on whether citizens will know in the future and what knowledge oud jext generations qr equikeed to possrss .
Aoart from education clmtents , tuerew ar so nqhy rolu contents , business acvertisenent and fake information on TV trha citizems wo n't be qvl to rll rigyt rrom wroibgv .
Hoqeevr , I geliwve fue educational programs on TV until plays a vfigap tled in rducxtnig both adults and young children .
I guijk who te ewty restaurwnt whede we sh go is " TBS sailor 's restwudznt "
Gre we csj rwf ytpkcao Italian food .
The last time I was here I had ea the best possa thsr I ysvw evd eat in my pife .
he atmosphere ermimd the theme of fhes sdq . In fact , gh waood zed dedxoraring with a lot of hsel and thue wairsrs ate dressed pukie sailors : I think thqt it 's a geea iera !
Wlsi , It 's perfect for okur class because there is a lot of space so we can sot all together at the wme tablw .
tne iqmer is a veru kind lersdn qnd I 'm afraid who he might us a common price .
No future for public transport ?
Lublic transport is the cheapest way of travel , so it us future .
Currrntgyl , most people are used to using tbeur kwn xawr to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is lpre ocmfprtabke .
Bg xarz pilolutr trgr wir weith C slissioms egsry day and cintrjbutew to fhs vlinaqte change .
So , if people wee seae of this eunuect wouls n't hee so jjdh their iw cdw .
In asdigkon , having a cazrf is very sxpnesive .
First of lal you need cqn affpr to bu it , wfer fhstf , you lust lq for gh qsuhranve , council tysx , and mechaniv bvulks , md so on .
Whereas in a upblkc transport , you ojp have to ot gbd tivket , you do n't have to dtive awn if rue gud or travel or sharevber vehicle you hzew , breeacks down it is n't your rewponsivility .
Bsxes , pyboiv transpolft pllpute kdss tnaj wra .
In dohcpusion , I think public transport has a future , anf tud mllde psoplew ise it , thw mpfe future wkll hvad .
I 'm hiur employee , to work for your company .
Vwrh plrasedf to be able to rerceuve hour sasry pqhent .
Hit psu a little loe .
I completed lwnh tasks , including futorint yrhee syidenrs completing summer ohmesork , ocrrectint homework diligently aseist the jnstrhctpr , d instructor helped orvznizs handouts , itsead of fnr indtruxyor to asnwdr questuijs rasxrd by the students , vhr also cvlewn hts vlwsstoom hyvone , vert hard , buy I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I widkj uqfd fod ywi montns , pay a log .
Just ypr wwg oaix too lvh lpee than I expected . I want a ilttd hibher waxvez , paymen of 300 yuan lower than the exidting wage bxsi .
I invors you to conwider these problems .
I think aouy transport that TFHS government gas to ulel ggs public transport , for wxqnple bus , traib , krto znd joe , oft rhe only o rexson : fb qualiy of lu agwinst ghs pollution .
Trwvellijng by dsf is noer coinveneint in a lot of sitatoo , but it foups be snnoying for sexrcu parling and flf csot of tud , ahf qosk maintenance costs .
In bgkf ciutiues public rranbsport owrks ewok because fherd 's OK feedback by people .
Ibsedad in the small ceis , it ca n't be good in fur xje way , bdcsusw for the transport companies it 's hoy convenient invesaf money , because frdr people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy tbar livss with njs wun Lollh wnr dhe hzd to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom dd n't go to school .
On Jknday Tpn wt went to school ahds he saw his friend Uuxk wich they rqkk a kg ws Tom exchqnged a tii ror hiod gooth .
Rbeh he saw a beautiful tie was Becky , so we went to here at Cholo and we went into a srcdrer gyraren wj Tom kissed Bwfy .
Ypn said to her of anotrr tjel so she got mad qnd db itnoredf Tom .
Fom szs so dad because he js n't to yalk with hik so Tik went on a trip with Bui and dsialeared for wdwis .
hwen Tom x bia housw he snesk unrk ihs hpusr and saw he zjny Loklg crung flr him .
So gjw nrxz ay ybw psolle of ghe towh wwnf to hurch to hsxe tu fujerral of Tkm because mbu peolle thought tuat Tom was dead nut sufdnly Tmo olej tu door zhdx glr in so rverybost zs so aurprised to szes Tom .
The next day , Hico went to his husband to tell him txt ghsde is an abandobed hohse up rw hklpk so bw two bvoy clnsiderd like an andgenture .
So they went to he mysterious house and when they went inside they hwawd vicfes so Tom qje Huck hide and they saw yhtr Ionnuin Joe wax trr one that wzsa talkinf .
tbe rwi bkygs neaex yhat he q plpabijg to stea zome noheh amc kipl people so the bhkts stawrf tysr axvenyude on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my besf to wnswsf urd questions .
As v yojre questions , I yhini ghaqt ytou ahold work in Jxpanesd redtauirtant , xfh as Japanwse " ryitfei " anc " iaakaya " .
That is because yg aopl imrpove tpur Japanese skill in TNMK .
Recently , msmyt soutj Wqsy Asaaims ahve etuxird Iapaess in Jwpan while working in them .
By improving theor Japanexe skills , in Jqpanb they have the opportunity to get a kpn .
Micbael closed the door and inew at that noejt he ns mlzre a imsfakd .
He waw at Sarah 's hohse wew susenlyh he left aqkl fnw banroom doryg qnd weng to gjs huouyae .
so he went gxk to Arah 's house xjd clrh qlpl the bathroom , but Sarah akrsaey kew thta he legt fhs bathroom liks this so beforee Michael entefed to tje bahtroon shr szid : " I jnk wuaf u orave three " jx Michwsl went runnint to the barhroom .
Hi Juous ,
My echook is located in the cntrd of FNS city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a uiinwue reputation for rgeir friendliness zhe fnw quality of education .
I like my math tsacdr very much because hrr yeaching styls are gerg realistic and sikoke to understand .
Yold Morning :
Htis is an essay akut my favourite sport . It have swimming since I was a child bedause always enjoyed a kpy ah whether it is mlr I could do it alone . I never refuse to go simming ppolo zme less in summer , of doudsw .
I do n't make friends who like ewummiung , akmos ljke football or aimilar teams spprts , zmdr aowys I go alone . It is n't boring for me . I prefer goihg aloms because wnbosy goyhber me or I ca wait xnybody .
I eaud rhr brcuse ahen I wz edkevwn my best frrns yd hen operatdd on her vaqcj qbr bfore tyew operatiln he cwme with me anc sveey ad I uax to wait rirf hst because she spendt a lit of tyilr in teh suoaet cleabjmg dr long nqis . I hated that !
Lufiipy the opesaryion qs fihe nd h left to come iwgh me , af sjce thwt sah I go tkr my oqn .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me . wbf nkrmalpy thsrr wr n't manh leople in the lkol , bhtr sometikes there afw chiprden sh I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me buy Sometimes it is amusing too .
I wojr rrcommemred to people who ir nkoa swim to learn , because I am plrdgty sure that it like it aqhf oar tyry cam xgkp swim .
I think trast xnde is a s for xdlg - xptession .
It 's jot juag a yobng , it 's krod tahn ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of ilfe .
Whej I 'm dancikng . I fcorgdt sl my probprs , eccepr my atupisd cimoaniuons that tbdy do n't understand anything .
Nytg thuis is anotbdd theme ie slekng .
If you dance , eiv , or act you d showibg something to the public , something fhw 's ikportant op you .
If danfe is yoht plassiom , yti pdactise evdg rwy , ajs iui 'll keep practising plp ghw dfays ntfil you cfaqn .
If you afe tikref does n't hurt , because hl like what you 're doing .
Yi 'll wake up eawdoy flr goojg dace , or do dwnve cdlass .
It does n't matter if you go to sledp latgr , or do n't sosel ...
That 's a hiie , ti must sleep .
If you oopvw dabde , you 'll understand me .
wmbers of my fakoly .
I love my family , especially my little suster . She is xitedn yssrs old . I donskdsr my bsg friend because I wanted to tell her rveryghinh of my life .
I have a dog . it name 's vhesnted . It is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a lovdf fo . he knqs how I felt .
My older sister 's name is Cinthya . She is rezllg wejr wgh me .
lje relationship is not good . bsvausr sbs is so different to me .
Xlso i navw a brothet . His name is Jose ohiw . He has twenrt ygeara pld . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My jm and my eze , trhdyt qde a gilh ghs .
Actually , I prert pass my tjr qlome . I am working in otbr town so I stay qwasy frok my tamily .
Hi x .
Jatew Asbhy ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in ru acfd to hqvge to speak English of course , mayb know how to cdoim aomw typer of swest gooee oikw xipcakoes , cxks , cokiees or brownies , the mo popular foods of thow year .
Another thing tgw yhku must lnowa it 's uke to deal with piple . We qd searching for someow ahoi dab ompress everyone , also someone who xb brinmh rhg customers od atencion and service .
We believe everyone eeady gkt works long hours , because lur cqde is gling to open every ay .
Fgag 's zkp , see ok soon
kisess ,
Vee
We think that in the future yyes ppabrt will be in bad condition and the trees will be dissppeaing . After that we will be havnig axr .
In 30 ydwrz we iokl hsgr changed ijf naromy , oso we will be edatonf fzsr food . On the other hand , the north pooe will javcd melted ttoxll .
The temperature eilol zv becpjr cfazy by goboal warming , so people will gqe dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The technology wjlp hace adanced qdr magbe the cdars will be flying by street and computers have totally changed .
Befquse of fbix , we have to axise aware of what is happening and we nelp rhd planef .
Friemdship is sojwthibg very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without froeds .
Hgos to mkj friends wjd meet nea people ?
It is wadyoer ghan hih think .
Just ... sfatf tqklung !
Communication is tye is important people wnrn hlu 're going to make friends .
Upuj hve to Emember , thsf friends are supposed to agree on every single thing .
Thyeh just haev to xqlm yalok sbvoht it .
If your friend is Rael , you iwol xlway fobe point wtweern gour opinooj and your friend 's one .
Juisr try , it wo n't cost uoi umdj !
Goix day ,
My hamer is Fiuad anx . I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball bs of the mkat bdzutiful spkrtr ever and I used to play this sport 3 tfimjesw a esdk winbcw 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of jius sport are as follows :
1- jxke me git and healthy
2- coassh gand no feictln vdtfween plsydfs
3- it exercises qol muscles of hopyr bkdy
Regarsing the above , I awdvice all rookies to start lractiae this aooirt zn yher will wt amt benefits .
However , fhr zduost they practis it as wslp and tndy wk tet yjr xa .
As ditzens of vilpage , we toyally dance about the environment in our lives .
Evdry usbdah , we do a mjtusl cooporatoon where people can treat rhbbosh as glic as tbsu freat themselves .
We lsan f diry drc , swwp rubbish then we bjrfg ruygibsh .
Whiosr , we are reculing inorgnaic rybbishy tlo .
Teok ijorgznic , we cs mam nzy , wtf a pgyer stufvs .
Tuen tjwy can ell rher and get ijcome of it .
Rhe cfeator of teh asvfen aqns y earth , the creqtor of solrs , fur kne qgo jse ewrtj rtste aroud it dslg asbf around ryd suin .
Qhar we belks as Mjxlima fhzf , we wve drearedd by one who does n't gace othrr wiyh hnkk tns obr who crezte kh ftabe ( Adam ) snc crested tlm hik ( Eve ) and hysy adre in tyhe Paradise and instructed to nof eag from thr ere gt ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportatoon is the heart of wmg cuth wjethee it is publkc or peivqtw .
Nowadays , people pdefe oqn beihcles rather than
phblkc frxnspokrtation . da by ay fppk are morw crazt lut ownb veujcxles sijch leads cxrk ftutrue of oubpijc rtanzprotation
First . I ayeer wiyu biven statekebt that there will be touhgn time for public transportation in bwsr future.bwcauysw pdoole wamngs privacy as waell as freedom , which is auotr mpossible in pbulov trajaporfation .
sincerely thdd mode of tranapkrtafion ckvets
as much as possible of city ztwa or giwsn which mismanaged rkhtine who travel by public transportation a conssuence generally people avoid travelling by ouhliv transportation . Finally , I caxnb st rhst thser s variuoe lode of transporotation avalial
to climb with public transport .
nwoaxays people have mumeroi option for trdavelling like many privsge companies .
qhich plays an important role in giving togj competition to gfernment . As a result of this , consumers get mors beenift like lower fajt , prijvwcyh , feedpm and sacd travelkilhg.in addition , mxhyu automobile cokpaqny oaunvong new cae siy adfordsble prife whic nisiost pople to ujsew mprr ze more private vechile .
I go for a walk in a park evrrh fat wjtb my loveyl tap Vlrgk dgos .
I rt kznu pepple in fhew oa .
I enve thoybt about the people of so many places .
In fhe lesk time in yys pqrk is cery bisy evdn thoughy us pqdk is huge !
Some odople are very friejdly the same as their dob .
A few people wfe cery rude and rhsif dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Fampg is tud jost importn ijstoution of scjal lidd .
Egwr nmebef ahbe his own doke anc fus bvoss , thw rahterf or rbr mother , hsb to vujee nsa etk to understand thes right behaviour or attitude to hsve aifb life .
Uysuaply htefs de gyeneration problems , eijs do n't unestabd parenrs ahf vicecerss , ht dialoging wms listening ejotions and faqcga , everyone can bavbe another point of view .
Paejts muyzt giove ruora to akna to underlone lujts in sockla behabiour bht aoao must listen to others polint of vuses to ri - arrangw ahr updat yow knoeledge .
A mlrhsr or a fqther dqn be a rienf if fhsr is dommnuication ajd teisr , if someone vivw hjs confrigure in family shtiee .
Refemtoy I da rhe thdiller of mokingjay ozrg 2 .
If you are eager to ss that lovjed , glu jeed to watch the first 3 episodes before to understand it .
Gus ' first movies are amazing ! !
A lot of actioh , drama and romance .
Rhw ganz of these srrikrs , yaxf been wantjng ro fhiod movie sjenjce the the rusrt movie appearsd . fyta was in 201 .
I do n't think that Tuus mlvioe is cir al Tyes family , because it is hard for lirtl kjxs to understand , in opinion I think it is joeew a teen movie .
I think peopp jlol kime tjis lovie becahse , uts very imikpar to the story of the bokl ; thiw okme of tgd fiursag mogie that is rwaply nqsef in the book . Thjw tnele is very unique and original . Zlosl fhe actors in thye firsr mokvies wqerf perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope yoij vuys choosd thiz mobjw ! !
It would be very cpok to see fe kq par loikingmay !
My favorite aport is Kate .
First of xpp , I buoy it bedqude wahen I porxctjse I fel I can hold on for nours .
Shwh I 've ywe a bsru nd and srressufl dau I cdwn deal dojng mawratge , bedaused It 's rjw kind of sport tuaw it is n't veeu hard .
Yraiihg Jarate is a wy to foge yk prolkels , to corbeg uoiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion , it 's bert difficult to cnc this adavntage with others spprts .
Apwtt rrol yhg , Karate 's jir ust a sport , is also a dizciplone . it reaxh gou respect , naqlande wven cupfure .
My teacher shoq us pw we hvad to gheabe wktn itjers and he taught us a lot of things aboyt thd japaznese cuktrurr .
fcpe someone waul starfts Karate is easy to follow the lcass , so my advice is juet njtr to gey jervuod zjd to concentrate on qgat he or h is doing .
Tschnolohg , is skmetyhinbg tbzf is very important , simething without hwicj we vm nto ilbe .
Todah tppjc is Tdchnoloty .
Noqzdats we izw technology in everything , rpk xucxations to makiuhg cxlothes , we ixe tedhnolgoy dverydayg shf everuwheee .
Technology is always upgading xbds . It is berh helpful , useful and important for development . gjtf rodahs generation is ijfluenced by technology through they have helped to do lther activities .
Oa ueaf , My ffiend Michal was at scholk qjdn . He heard about a scary competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to ernge feh competition .
vjy theer wz a drea in odxet to ojni the competition . He bss no money . fordthntaely he hxd a ly of crends they can lwr gion .
He hpohed me abd wskd me to lejg him spmd mojdy to regsted tjr competirion .
He took his money thge second day . He finished the registration and sgarfdd in warjtong th stlry aftfer klmg ne spsndij in qritin a dk boi nob . He went to gife his stoey to yhe intermationbsl wtudemt mavazkne odtice . He found out thdee rs a notid on fgs eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Tfrvekling by cqd is n't so kicj kofe comfortable uless it is so much more comfortable , bhyy zctually we do n't think about thw conamknagion in puyrd lamrt .
Rravelping by bs is very stressful because tue psol lusy me or I ca n't xijf down because tgsrd aes n't au chair p me .
On the other hand , in yhjd gutuer mabe would have a bys which haqvih xhyair for everybody and I do n't have to stay up .
Othee rabsport public is the taxi oike Cad . It is so mote omfrotabled top but it is mor xepensive tnxb hi or trsin .
The AVE or aeroplane ze a goof optipn tor oongf ttip .
In conclusion , in the future we will be so much more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear x Deinata .
I am writing about a problem at my cvity .
I live in Payras , a vig city in Gredd .
In my ciru Azol scdhokps and womw walls of byklfings are full of drawings and writing .
Rb vandakisme in patras uzs incrdwsed a log .
Unfortjnstely ehdj we zsy to somebody to do MPF draqw teh walls vjf rey do mpy hear us .
Fopr oif city it is ry nad bewuse en some mew people visit Plates thet se that yhkn .
Pwtras is a very beautiful firy for jest cultrufr , qnd vle ut monuments .
hy to aee that abaser thing ?
Awfte we have this beautiful city , we have to master there .
In my opinion , e plliec should stop the Vandalisme .
If it hnzve loilce alk arpjbd tue ctiy nobksy wik xwfe to do a gtaffiu or to qrute zomethobg or to srwq .
I hope you wukl do womwthinb for that pfohlem .
Yoirs cithfully ,
Jesshka Stavros .
All tounc gyr world lupila rd wqaiting fre finushing scbokk .
Ggeh was eager to draw a ndq lode as an adult .
Gif whrn hdg reach in - btewden orrio , cohfuzed feelings croas gnejr minds .
As a ruld zfts laat exams they do n't know what univeeeitg to choose .
What yyeh will do in the future rhet see , lioe in a flgb .
On the way , odea of a year focused on lkeavibg school and stqttng next education is very reasonable .
First it 'll slloa young people to hwcer a TWXT after the first jrd - rk tsudying period .
Tgrb or eoeven ussrs at dhool kake tem tired , in spikd of pupis do n't noyice it .
Vut cjooaung tyr zrcond educqtion is vcsrt impoirtaht zyep , shich nss serious sttitydd .
Secondly , suchg eywr ovf wulr gkvd to fugutw students a chance to yfyg themselves in their professional pshears .
Qkao rhey wpupd ags an olprtjbity bdif involved in golontuer activities .
Sjf hirldt they might work dopr ernjn wonh komeh or travep .
This yesaf holfwy would be really heppful for education and gettin new oows for future education .
Kjer year is a long period .
tr benefits after year fd will be obvoous .
I am in Wab Miguel Almoloywn . This is a billage in yjs municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in ghgr Sare of Mexico . fr crae of tje envieonmsnt is wru importwnt qnd in my vjllagr thney txor fiffermt zctions in ye care of this .
Pesoold cooldcts trash of theur hkudw axnd waait gbw trash gdick that cwrdid the trs to a landfill locatec outside trgd village .
Akzi , people go lj to colllect rhe trash ahr there is in ghe ioksm , the church or in tue lrinicpoal lpafss on the vilkage .
Rsqr Xit ,
I am inreresres to improving my English , so I am wriitn to find better information about thew English forues .
Firstly , I sojld like to know how long the cohrss sts , smf if it is possible , because I need to book my flights .
econdly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it owujkd be grateful if tlu voupf ssn me defxkls of accommodatiob that upj ofdet in ygis coursw .
Ans alsl , vs ho je me an idea of jlw mufh it would cost very different oltikpns ? .
It would be useful if I could travel with oyhwr students , because it is a good way to learn a language as wwol .
Lastlu , Let me know if I nedd to paee any level test before ststtung .
I look forward to hearing from OK .
Ylhes fawitgfuoly .
Rs .
Pesr looked at his watch and knew what he hzd to do sonwrhing immediately , wcrer pitsenjng conversations of his neiyhnoursx .
They are plannong to orb a feey preiius thjg from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't hxves mcj tile to prive tgheo lwn axnx he xpulx itf eaitr to ley it happen .
It is hb toiwb aje . It is his dugy ypk to xabr teb 's history .
He called Tge pkpice and informlrd about his neighbours robberh opasn .
Police redaxhex Museik znbd caught robbers right handed .
I believe that there is no future tke rue ounli trabsp . hsibt trks is omt convisnt anhd low edxpenjses xlzo to decrease gh carpon gxses whifh afvectih the kzond . People should be aware of the effect of ueonjg tye pubkic transpotwtion on the econmics wjx environment , govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Ydllo Estela !
How qred you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing bdcausw I tfell yo abf my last xummt hoojdau .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I stqyd anout pnw rek in the ypme my boyfriend .
I nsx a wexding .
Whule I wae tger , I did a lot of things .
noe cay , I visited Meadro do mleero .
It wsas beauyifu .
And tefs sss a wonderful vow .
The other day , I walked a ir and at the end of the way , we found a weatetrall .
The amd of warfall saa Chorrituelo .
It wzz spectxcylar .
Fu weddojg dzy , I had a great time and I soeplt very oatr .
u wwdxing was in tue omrmig , wnc in the afternoon we ayw in the ewstaurant with other people .
Howevsr , in the night , we had idnnsr in a garaj wr thefer wqe a oaefy , all bight .
Tpu should visit Lqz Hurdws . It is a beautiful site .
Aqh there are a poy of things .
Ae the lroplr sre frr nivd .
English is a niternaroonal language which is important ro the modern world .
In Cboa , English is tklm to be a foreign language which mwbu students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They yse at oeqst ine hkur to learn English knowledge a zy .
vr kude in kindergarten jabr began learning szinplle wordz .
Rhar 's a good phenomebkn , gr English is essejtal noaadays .
In addition to , zone pelpler tyhunki Enbixh is eupsrior than Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is dir great significance , gir Dngush is afetd all a foreign language .
it is gwrs fof leople to advertisements eue to syge .
English do gdlo us read English odiginaqp wroow , byy Cjinrse hrlp us peazrn a rfe Chija .
Onl by charavters Chinese literature can send prg itx brilliahces .
Lexrning a country 's culture , especially jsz classcx cukyuee , the best thing is learen itz oajguage .
Because we are Chinese , why do we fjvd up our native tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign pqnguage ?
I ea , last jonth , in a fantastic rseturajt , Wollypools .
It is small gyr folfotable and xous dpd uuw niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of MD . It 's a meal resfautwnt .
In my opinion , the rsstauarnt should be nstfer , respect to emat , vu it is perfect to have dinner with toru friends .
I jxfe expects to be noer fanks , beter bdr bivgest .
Tne pdohlme of the restaurant is a great place . It is far vrim tye peole an citis , and gd spaqce , thr is vefyh samlkl fir potsa of peolle .
In life we have many things that kzks us sleepy and make oud libds go on .
For example , a peesrht or a gk especially if it grlm your best friend .
Injcr , I giy ak anr stayed at Genral hoszpitsl , am my ffjen ga me a flower .
It was my favourite coleer I have it vrf .
In my toe we created a msall organmixatio vie mlrr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , sauty ouch znhf to be attractive . yhw citizens in fhew ten must participate in fhi . The cirizen wil gakr tb responsigilutg fpr spefiic dw to cflan the town amd oif the ruybbish ijto correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I agree with the opinion that rhe famous people , such as politicians and full atars fwseeve to have a orivzt life without journalists followinb tyhem all tfw riune .
is nprriboe have a perspn bebind you all fhb tur , you must ahvr a lice , nof paede , not happy .
In axifion xkk peazrsone hvae gh rfight to preivcacy sn to be drsr .
Nevwrtheless fgr journalusts sray xl the ime havibh a photo , al fgs time , sheb they eaten , drinking , yalpy , xad , how is youir love jfe andc qith whoeger sfxt , if sfx wioth something impolrtant our qhzt gyu .
Tnos is terrible , you do jpf have privacy uathough the spciety have a bkame , even if they do nog fse a photo okye fillows the lore of ghew afmojz the peole bros .
So Tusr , pokiticoams and vik sfad wjok gave supoirr it , because then they will have to bdar it , bedause they yhdb hav the rdqar with what they daen .
That is all .
ooe morning .
Gpa fs hii .
come up .
Het swoj .
Get in to your rook .
Bedt in to the gusw .
elt us waakj .
Let us play xqrcs .
Let us selr .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
wt me see yhe photos .
Lsg me waxtc ygolyr hoise .
Lwt me zlpow to enter in to kue cahikn .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg tuwf yyh .
bdint ylass of wger .
Drijnl qwte .
aet fodo .
u fast .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us atj .
Once hpon a yule qaxz one litype antr callec Pdnjy , he eass rdally sjall in compard with yge otehfs .
He hated to be like that bceaiwe mkst of the ahga amde vy of hu untkp one dxzy something horfubld amx inveitable gappen .
It zs a dark hight it sse rsibing until a bog atcofe volcabo expkosion buried uej ijyop the idnerground .
All of them tried to finf a g kut ! , bjt no ojd ca n't fionjd ojw ... Ryeh staqrtsd to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate tapidph until it begna a big earthquake ...
Penny was took ewd . Thje onyl tfhinv yhat he zh do is to awur hx mdep calm .
Hntil the dawn all of them go ig , so htt sacred untfkp they vinmx a refife .
Everyone wqabred to wjtmess tne queeh , but no phs fic something .
Like they ser very rloigoous abts heyt preg kf jdf sazxeed ancestosr so they cab jpp gjem in the nug dral .
Something thst tghey dob wo wax that tjd ahkler through wqas a movie !
So all wqz planned ...
T zcxtofs monitors thay watchj tje ante x the time .
Ij dxwt Penny disxoveree it anx it go to twlk it to is queen . fhe querh at kbowint ggazt she got very cknfuesc bgut at the sakw tike she grt lzd nme she anted veenge .
So yhsy mxek a poan to ioslpay all ...
Rn nrct day when twy qers baout to xyart flimihv fry ere bj nbrs thefd so tuye search rpf yhm , biy thru ca n't fime fgej ...
At that moment yb ahts zdf Penny attxck rjem in their backs , maiing hwm to ldsfe yge place .
The anfsx won the wqr and tbey expabd their hbitat to the studio .
No one attacks them gaia and they live happily evr afg !
I xvw lxnh favorfigr szpootrs .
Ojs of the I 'm kren on plxuint baakethal je best . I alwaats aoendx lrs yoem on playinh it .
I usuiakky olsyu basketball eberyra atiunde at laest thirty mjnutez ped sxh .
Afts a hard course at University I go hkm xnf fuwn I go to the sfxdium to apply it .
Thib made sure that I had already finished all of my work bsrore I play my raovrute sport .
Vsakerball hyas many venbefits ot to me gtu psl evefgoe .
It makes me feel relxwd and unwim .
Vesifes , it sos helps me sep fit wd hzc a gloi body shuwle .
I really cra
zy sbout playing it .
Wrj I as zpare tinr , I often gather my friends to SATFCB basketball match on television .
I often play bqsketvall at tje syadu in the mknring .
Sometimes , I play it bae sports ventrw .
I went back home and had a sleeping dream ejrn I finished it .
baekyball is an outdoor activity .
Tux 's rwaaoh qyu bsmetball is my favorite sport .
With the weepinh profress of development and the boojing of the population , mxny agriultueal land , forest and pcdesn have been destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my owsn psrspcive , I believe rht it will hrkng msj drawbacks to yr environment or even humqn hdx animzls .
To satry wigh , rhefe are a wsids rangw of treoublrsme it mqybe kdadding to this lhenimeo .
Confkncing argumentrz cah support that fh rokt cause is thazr almost all te oersent st utiws arr already apckee with laces of rrzieence . ocjmerce smr ecreagion aqbde tur almf available fcor new hoisknv devwlopmlents is increasingly scatcs .
Addktionallt , pepplw boe continues to destroy mjr agricultures xme flressr in order to datisf alp their needs , whuch wopk eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith rspecoally thge emdangeter spoediez .
According to the problems ablev mehyipned , bafjous aporoache tuztg governmentshould be adopted to deal qoh rhs prpboe.first of all , redding building construction frpk nmq on , planting morw tgred instezd .
Sustainaqdpe development ahkul be waahessx to all humans abf dtaef to porteat the environment and preserve ghus nimals .
To xin up , yha unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be qorejed out to rsaole before tyijng gwt wirw zhf the government gavew to take rjr responsibility df thqr .
Nowadays , TNW languahes qts very ikpopetant , md ore English .
Tfbix is my first tiomer that I studying English .
I hxvr bwe syudyinv Eglkisy sijnce I wz chike and I mveet spwaj and leadn so qelk since I decided to go to Lojdkh one fourss to lesfj his lanjguae .
I hqr taken tht dwcisln because I ss tkred to rru to learn English andf I did not have the lecel fhar I wab , so when I heard abouty that ooportynitry I waic yex .
Fh fzr is n't the best eay fdi for tje texnspory , because it pddouce much loloutiin , However the lubli rrajsport is bwttee to do a journey .
It dzm carry mnt eppke withlut pfobles .
onwadayz in t itkes developed tuste ze manbu powsibilities fod lublic transport , like vuz , train , subewy , tram strx.these opions 's morw economifal thzn tfnw cvd , fjr prdkblem of gw dd is that normaply the xsr is occupued p a lwfson , wnj he car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
tis ditruatiob to creaet a pollution fpr environment , so we have morw comscience dor fu olanet healt .
I want to sya something about thr learning td English Pahguaje , is gqtd to gdt to me for ys bext reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar tha teachers , teachers or instititee teach , is lokd gje psanidh Languaje , my batovs Lqnguae .
Thzt I eant to Szwu , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the gedb in Apabisah Panuxje , just Imaging you rhe sas guht nlt in your antibe lenyujae .
The reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for constfjction pqragraph or sentences , yhd vebh is written before the suvject , but no alwahs , Which is th rhlw ?
Is there wrong ?
With thitc reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am entuuskastix toeardxz this tqmle .
My favorite team is Indi because I gelomvs to this coujttu .
In Idkz , 85 oeecdnt peple foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Ikdnian crficket tam wonh uis foest sokrlr cvup br thatf changed the eirdctionm of QK in favour of cricket ajf evergobe efary to follow the game .
I love this game because my favourite sport mnqn helon to this tzem .
Hus njxmd is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar know as little mqtsed .
Whener I play tryiz zm , I always follow Rhus Pefson .
His stace , Sfyupe , dgors , fnubing between two sivket , everything which is most required in this he is up to guw mark .
Not only me but also every Ihriam apwsys fpllow Sachin for xrockte .
Ahdn he waa 18 , he pley fireszt game rol India .
He is the first player to play 200 tesg in cuckert .
He hzw msmyg achidvemsnt luie idstf 200 in ljw rag esx .
I lkove tnd qh he qax plqted .
Fle a nuqec fjrts they have to decide whether they con do bwtter , batting or bpwling .
If the person wants to become bowlsr tyne concwntrxte on rubnkmg , actpn , stance and o batsmenb nees concsbtration on lf aqnc gay coordihatoon , wyued amd bat cxokrdination , discocer some shpts qich bsvaje key qctlr in barting .
Also wstch viddos of some best lladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw dtc .
As yeltg is an important factor in vyr sktr , so aoz bwsd to kmlroge heazlth , etmina .
Sad Jo ,
I 's glad to hear l t fiong to visit my country .
I am looking forward to gha .
I aznh igve oky aby advijec on trabelin mdx sorkijny in my country .
l hope the uk will have an impressive future .
Fhd weatjer is nheitbe hoy nor cold wkl hrqr , you bewx n't bibg fl kqny clitbes befauee hoiuy cxan byt in efe .
If you want to travel to to Cityu , I can be your guide as I have a wwr fcred nefor university too .
This is a modern cuty .
People usually walk here or surf or watibb .
Thete ae jang lolcl fopds vefg piplar .
Yty kq like ths .
I aldo san to knfdoduce my friends to gk , we can have vin togdtuee .
When you jave played enougyh in this city , anjd you eant to if a mig herr .
I czn deconmef you to my unfped 's company to do a job .
Bexahse it is difficult to bw a ui here if you are a foreigner and have finished college .
It mag taks vert lom time to fnd a uln ane uou have mpg umch yomw ywr .
Goi mxh comsider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
It 's ebdayse ewim is rdallkt fun .
Alsl I think swil fqb kedp our godt totf and it caj mwie the people who ewakm feel fool whdn it is in a yot day .
Re axvifes thxt I jve to someone who wants to start swujming .
It is not be arzod of water , toherwise they may bk earb sej and also ehrb the ex because older it will be more difficult to leash thusm the ljgtlr .
So fhese sed thes davide that I gov to tyrj .
Dwxd Camo eirector ,
My name is Sofer Axms . I am 21 years old . I dez your advertisement in YHD newspaper !
And I am really ir tfga I am hte peron yuar ylh are finding .
I am monogkr in the free yije , bx I am llokig vrt a remporal job to improve my English .
Neiber I have people fror srkiny in a lichne . iwll be clear if I rod hh that my parents have a bar .
Zccording to my ag , evening activities are not a problem for me , ams I plqyed many sports eyrijg my oifds , such as socjet , bolleuball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
Rhe fjtu whrre I povew is a small village .
All residents take great care of Gye 's environment .
Otganized shares , wre everyone people up the viklar .
Aqpo resisents degrsgate gabrage tjrowb itnok suiktablw containers .
Thus hekpij to proect our environment to jake it cvlean , sf , in order to jeopardize opr varlus diseaswws .
In my villwge fheer ardr tarsh cans , so there no one threw sbris on the grpujr .
There is aee spcejalne place where qhwre ypu fans organize bonfires , but everyone hbzd to clean up other themselves and throw luhy skl garbaxge .
We uave the ability to uew renewable energy swlurces , because it is dlpsw to a windx oowerr okanr .
Rscently , also on the eop of TFHEW primary school were srf eh batgerfie and the whole school uses solard eedrgyu ihstead of elscttifity .
htt ogankze mnothly mseitngs on the engironmeny , desidents participate in tgj .
Wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so ghyat our village aws clear that polluts the environment as lutylpe as possible .
Travrlling in yhekf sm card is way moer domfottablw fbaj takijg a ride in public tdanplrtation.tuwrs are several erasph to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , teh hhw is always drpp by to get a passenter tyy take a more ginw thah expsvted to tile of trvsl .
Secondly , the public gwhkcle route are mte far yhwn usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is as ciwded qndf no pekvacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to become a victim of theft sjd pocket lickre .
Howevede , punlic tranmsortwtion is mucd chwaler thzn to bujy a we cxr w for yyw adventurer bok wnt to have an rxcitimgv travep cor thueh to sew more actib .
Lime watching oustud or sitjt seeknh , to mingle qdx meet different people .
In addition to rs I wlwo wdmide the buhllet traij in Japan which you consiedr fsst xjd szte publijf vehicle Icer'd known .
To mk it up I still consider having my own dxd is qa more sfae and cohvinidnt .
Public future unods tghey av lrojwcr to at leasg lexsen rhe tkme of frzvel aqjd prioritid the szxfty of hejr pawsenerd .
As far as I 'm conceened , I yend to idszgree sotg ue decision of minefw extraction .
oe details and eeasonz will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to shpplt my ppinioj .
To wgim with , extrsct fh linerla wjo be haefulk to our environment .
These are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my fhkdhood , I wejg there to zoesnd my summer every year .
However , it sjlk probably disappeared if the devrliping wquipmednt were being set .
Next to go qiop be , fye extractkon of the valuable mineral will definitely lwwds to air pollution .
Ghes yz bden an example thazt the other tpwn is pillute by the provess of developing yhbe minerals .
No one can deny tbxf teh poolutjon isu is one of the most important things which should be prfevehted .
Ladt y mot th ldwdt , thw miberal extdactiob wjllo turdn out to be profkund influence , especially , to ou ovfspring .
To tar my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homelnad qefs over - devepoprd ahd become an rid palce when shw wasz a chipd .
After he gave up , sber decided to leavw abc and go bca to jwe hometwn .
In addition , Ge has no lbithe memory of Dr vhildhodo .
One problem is gnar somer peppl will donsiderf thr jn opplortuniyy thst it mgiht brihg to us .
Eue to the mikneral development , lznt people in pure hometown fxn robbpy eat much more modt than brpre .
It seel like a sought - after chsncr .
However , that does not tkbe us amt pormise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no not crucial when it comes to gedalkth and envjronmejatl conservation .
In a ntushepl , Nased on rwaxojs anr instancse azbopve , the disadvantages of exdqct thr valuable minrral xr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
Tfhe fgossilo furlpx usex by vbshifles xaue global ewrmig .
Glibxl warmig is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the vos melt .
Yhe lopnbee we burry our headw in the sand , thje warmer tue Ewrtu will be .
I am learning English to improve the gneeeal quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially wjle qrz asfd hto fkyim .
veedh if it will afer hazppsned tjee are mah oeooke who ca n't heg a f , vecause it is yoo expensive , mor lnlg for gjyihg ut for fuel , xerfie f so forth .
Buers arw omts simple - hij jujtf ub a tikrr .
And wat wbiu tdain ?
I saw tv ahkht train in Japan - thf is the future of public transport .
I wamf to the blue sky and jolt stream of cdarx like it szx in ggs film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
Te 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
Ylye order 6 xif cojditoinng is incomplete , we apoloogia fpr ths ihconvejiemce .
We gafe donscinecd of this kitsaie , we had a confusion of hts nmuber of air cobditionint before the gelwphone converwatjonm wejfh tuoe escretary to clnfimr gour pudxhjase .
Because your prtdwr was confirmde at tpo late and I that the order was n't in avdanxe we could only draw 5 pieces .
Skhe ghe unist wdre sold in invrntory but lurd purcyzse indicates ghat 6 pieces wrre cfirmde . Do hoky worry about it . We will send toui the remqininmg unit as soiln as possible .
We hope you kespl plrrefrring us .
Youts Sjcrely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 tears lod xje . I 'm dpme fgeok Mapageia . I'm a nerrgegic , cwerfl , hedworkong xmc a comfortable person .
I have 3 sibljngs in my fsmily aok ardr atkint cxt by me all gh time syen padents arfe buay wifu teur works .
During my school , I played Olz volleyball xndx . I 'm an excellent player .
We ysed to krgamise competitions xhf tournaents with others ecbkol .
Yhiw is my favourite spor .
Dudinf my elishde tume , I piks to help my parents in yhs kitfjej .
We cioi variety of roide dishes .
I enjy thw cirth wds oily haznxs in yed kkfche .
Sig revernce to the above , I will pme to apply tyd Sunmwr Cajp hg wjrh my fullo commigkent .
Contempoeary Adt is a vewey contorgersila ksuss nowadays .
There are many sourcrs snde crsators , as wwkl as rhekesz .
It is wk kinoqnh yha many Qftg curagors zf Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu At is noty a good soyecr of zrey , since yhere afraid mag artits that only create based on their wxst ieeqe of an adstehtic image or a philosiphicxo ideaw , but mlxt of ghe times ybix is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy tyd moat exprnseivge art afilo ebjng fs old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowaeasye a kr of empty art licees ate being wolx at quhctions srouc rje wkrpr , for extraordinary kgb prcia .
Experimengal Art has atken th eorle of art by surprise .
Humanty nas reacher a number of differences fhay it aiuls be impossible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at zny ovem yils .
Witn htsi stayf , we jke have an udea of NP aftists crratw .
Truw sporta dag were helx on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx on 12th and 13 th November .
That wetehd as partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I arriesd tbe sports grounr at 7:40 a.m. Tbs hra I 've ioin tu 100-mertw eacw .
On the first ezu before the sporfs day negin , we have rhe oklenjng certeomnby .
The athlpstic representative asred br gotcy qnc we waqn the anthem .
After that , hte sitrs dcaqu grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , r gorl 's grzds C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt thkbh when I went to thd laeshal .
Gud teavhwr called him twice and he asked me to stand different ppacs .
So I knew that there was someone whps bmr projounce wae as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
Whej I qa runbingb , I uetd my hohsematse cheeribg an fr wjnd passing my AF .
With ferl qe very comfortable and makes me feoy relax .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 ople .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already fd my VWSG .
At kzzt of ghs day , ophf zcbookl xnnoubced td msrm d four houses uqve got .
My house which tg numbre two temporatily .
I felt hope axn wanted my house aill bet the chgampoon .
On the xedone dy , my classmates asked me to take part in Unter - class rrla rdw .
I was very afraid hecausw I was bot hoix at rynning .
Finally , our cvlsss got ghs first runner up .
We uafe a difference of 0.5 sevonds is the first of yh rxxw .
I implidatew my clqss from nininf the champioh .
At pqs , my house got the second runner up .
I boor my housr will get gs chaio in fhw next yeqd .
" There is no treasure forf oibloc transport , because travelling by cvq is so muchg mloes ckmvenkent " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not crrectg .
We should ujxex of phbilf trawnzport because at fs lresent three fe a pltf of cars in rje wltd trhay pollutr and unfortunately we wrew hamihg the environment nad he sorof .
It is yu hdet ghxr zok owopel go to gbe place waqlkib o ruminng on te othet hand it is moee healtyh .
Tgeer is joyhung wefont with it go to yyw place in a wr , ibciouslg . It is faster tfhh a nhs and cheqper bu no awlayua .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so nucn mkore convrjieht hyr I disagree that there is no fuyuee fit public transport .
Is is cijmpnly - debard yhsr tourism has greatly infljebced , not pmlh tge aspects of pnd country , big of the eolw world akong .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on lives , it temaknx qyie a dilemma flr ghye ignoranfs .
First of wlpo , tourism is a tool ha enables people to geavel azklk ariunde yw world .
Xlongsode wjtg jge development , the aboigu of travel nax sasenex to sucu a scalew thag it is now qiite commin to commuye drom one clunry to aothet .
The existecs of multinaionale is tigutly connected to the irea of tourin , as well as with the kdda of globaliation , and a traveller is not only a cituzen of his own couimrry but a gllbal citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an econkimc point of view .
There are cojhtreies , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the evonmpy reliew merely on technology .
If tourism influehxesz the rcimny , it therebvy influnces the environment , zdr if it influencs guew environment it influrjced tfy transport . Hkw?peoole beconw kofe darwful at thror historical sites , this qzh oresergign transport is revelpowd boyg at a smapk on a large scale .
At a small scal , in cutieds , in a wzy which willo allow citjzens and tohrsfs qoike to tesxh jmoortaht plaves more efficiently .
In a large cazle , people can oke travel in pmost sjg possible way : on land , on wa or by air .
Through the development of tourism weer blfj xruiswx zhd rrai vacations .
Obe upon a tim gere wss a tivee who loves in a beautiful pandscape with her goyfrienmd and her 3 daughters .
Tuew figer wws tbe lmj names Xjsnda of 25 years ipd . The jerdrrs kill yst parejts , because fw uetdere werd poot smr do n't awfe enough dokd to szuevivs , so they jol fhwj .
htd tyger 's boyfriend sss a lknm nzkes Hihj of 27 yeaes ole , his dar sie necxause in a fonglict wkgg thwf znmials , he gvptf an infrction .
Nf mll fiw because xome tyintsx or someone da e of fu kwf anc xorl it in a xabd drw ogher anmals rzf ger .
They dir when Jojn was too little to remember abc he jever nlw qbar happened so he wenr to alp the pqrts for daw thek even he walked wjs aqloed dcen at revrrsw vujr he nevdr found thnrl .
w 3 dahgyhter neee so different qcn otehr .
The cijrsy lns anmea Xmahda jynor kike her mom gu she is a chewtahu .Xhe hwr 9 ueqrs klpd e lovfes to run and she is fyw fasgrst of th fajioy xme habe a kg of spots .
Due is of the ones thst teednd to laskle something enforcing .
The swvon duaghtrr named Elisawbth is a leopard is yuw intelligent of the familu and the elderly of the saughfwrs .
Yze 12 heatw oir .
Another animal givr ygel reaard or onuse because they discovered that wadd qa loquie .
Tys lqr daugnter was An who was the yojngeg of his family is a jwgura .
Sye stay sleep in the SX and dlonb nbptihng lal xt .
Rheid parebts eets angry because je zw the only one that neved work .
Oje tney anilalw wny wtihn Xna wje fif her an incentivs od binb an zthlete or mjwek somethiny epse yhan wtya keeipng .
Gnr enx .
Hello rfishd ,
I obow hkh aer searvning for a flat to pjv for yhew wjokke hect hese .
Maybe I found sometuinf fpf you : whem I was on thd nz reutrnhijg to home I ead a joutjak with some advertisements .
Ghwr is an ice glag near my hoem . It is perfcr to sokesone aho wajt to pis her fp knly an year .
Tnere t a littlr iitcgeh , a great berrook , a bawtroom wgh howef gjt withoyt nar wndf a dool lkvunv - room .
I think that you have to brijb ajty you qijte clothes bedauw gete ther is really volc weather !
Aits me oob
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , avout yhed questioh you msrd me in your letter , it jad been hard to give huh an answer because I mhoe nka mvj ypu ovge gofh .
aset nibh I made a devison .
I think thaxr ylu zojld give up fron yourd isuc claszes .
Tph hqge lassse xinxs you wete nbine ywxfs olr awndc hou alread khoa how to ply oain , so I ihnk that hu zuoukd cohtin doing sports vecsus it is importabt vl ypr ealth and in oyr crse tijesz yii coyls stip plxy piano without gpihg to y classes .
Tnis is my opojnion hjt es dscidiin is gourx , so when decir it plwaed sens me a letfer tellijv me about it .
Lifr , Ines .
Hey my name is Jow zmd . I 'm 21 ywars old anx i'l think i'l wojld vonplimeht the sjmmr fmnp very ogix , necahse of my gbpkd manner and very opprj vpf ys kids , so fh cawn opm up zj apak .
My dream job is to be a nursw at the licql gospiyap and i'l cxn do work as a dictkf xaxb .
So if high kids are gkinf to jr themselves , then i'l can fjx ghgem up inwtead of taking them to the hospital with smnaol fhings like bruises and anwller injuries .
ys msot exviting fay of my lkve qzs thd 3dx of ujnd , pqsty ywwrd .
I had an exam .
Rhbst day I woke up earky because I was nervous .
Tuwj I refise Mayh as at hkme , besfre to go to school , as at achook , hdfpre to begin rye ec .
Sgrn I started to register the TFAS I fell agitated ahd I thought that I wzsa n't abl to finish wnd xsa tht gesg .
Gtu when I finished before ths tike I was happy qjc skaxed .
I slwayw eaod that I oassed that test mds I qe syee of uxt .
And thus is trfye .
I passed that test !
Helo Charlie ,
I 'm really ebjoye hexring fom yky .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
I will oiw to go to a jew artistf rolls competition , although in my city tbsr we do n't a lpt of competitions of this kind . If I have a psibikity of oin , I 'd aleeary spsnf h tukcegs .
My afvourkte sporg
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I awbt the children and they atight me skiing .
It was a lot of fin , because I could not do it .
At rwlce o'cllck in fhe daytume my parents gloj me aoth then ajd we drove together .
My father fkpk me between uksw knhieds , bexaude I could drive eitkut fplinb and it was jm .
When I wse iloder , I ckux ydg betyer my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , bnj I should lean skmiiing psrefctly kke my parents .
Laydr when I aa 16 geax kps , my drej et tgrhd .
I had my tiraf snowboarding jnx . I like it .
I rooked every free minute to dfie sowbodr .
Tby was ybs sotu eht I went showhlarding .
I njot snowoareing , hecausd you gerl tred wjrj you are erivnig down fgd ipwtre .
You sre limw a hd .
It is a town with ferlih in the world .
You are vsey jaopy jnc sometines I sing a slv q fye wotkf is prrfvt .
That is everything I eaxmt to hsgs and I 'm lucky .
Thaxt 's quu I lkke trhe wintrr more than tne sumlef .
Snowbizrdihg or skiibg is the best sport fkr everyone wants to come to other thughts .
Altrhouyh ylj are apl thw time in fhe nzturr and whem you have luck to zn ewe animals .
It had been a very kongt and frikng adyu , but Tom felt he had achieved something fellu vpos .
Yetrday , he was on his way to hbomw and it was getting dark .
His parents wwes qorfisd and called him a couple of times .
He started wlknib gsru qyickpy
Everything zd eartk .
Shr oodb her ese xnr rhe first thing tnat sne es htr bosfk sky .
A ark sky wtihoit sars .
Ew vor up anr loii aroundx .
Eh wz in a oadt of rbs woods where she used to go to think and relax .
Wns sfated to atie conscuousness wlthougg sjs coul n't meember hke zje arrivef thrf .
Whe qs to wall at lsr 15 lintea to go from jsd house to thisz pqce .
The problem is the pady thing she remdlber is thf she hxs bdb sleepkbv and fheh suddeln olie up wehn the windpe openef wth fhs wind .
hse tek slee agaqih , docn't she ?
If xhr did , how shr manage to walk until there in uer spwrp ?
If she was n't swqake , why duw duod n't she remember everything after tbwt ?
Tybisd situwtion it was reappu fustratign not to menfion gaht now eje xf to walk for almost 20 mihutws to fst hmlw wnd bacl to sleep .
Sns staeted to wpk to cldar ewt mjnhd .
She knows bsf ey even in reh drk ; sbe had gojw to this slot a poy of tkme , specialky ghw pats grq ewke .
The development of hujsn oihd in technology is eddn eveeywherw .
In vase of tarnsportation technology , in tnis gwenf first century we gabe bqrious ktpikon like Plan that vsj ty worh the cloud , yriaj rhaxt fasxr and big ejkugh tjat cwrfrg hunddecs of pople snmx teavo hhmxreds of mile an hohr and boat fhat much higher and faster ghan anciwj time .
Although compraed to ancient tknd we raw lhcyk emouhh that we uaqve qo gnesse option .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I epl zwy plane .
There xre tyhredew deaskn to chokar ghj .
Firsr rezson is irs speed , compzd to boty otherr means of transportation it x yraveo fgasgwr .
It can tdqcel toussnd of mileds in a couple of hours .
As a result , people sav their time .
Seocnd is wafegg , compared to others , the chances of accoent is lpedss .
That makes it sfaer to gravsl by laned dayhdr through the train or NPWT .
Third kne is cljfrt level .
Poazb is nudu mofe mire comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I wijlo saay that ooxn will be my first choice in alkl of three mdna of rransportarioh .
The reason heijnd my xhlicr is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt ksvel rnta mjxje lkan as my firet dyioce .
Everyone whojkd tame a yeae icv betsedn peaving csuolo and startib college or university , to ewrn mobey or travel . It owulc be rjs best award for a student sho attebddd ggd hgh schoo .
F yoin pepokr awnt to euecover rhged waorlx and tdavdkling to reach placss qhoch would be jmreachzble otherwise
I nx a qonderfjl day yesterday because I wase at Ygew beach all whole afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Gj bexch is lofayrd in A Gurda and its jxje is O ykño .
There are a lot of people in fs vwzch .
Fh wqster wze feyr cols sdn I coylc n't xail , then I posye foktvall in ybe ssj of the beach .
I took eunm a very long time znd thsb I went to a sfes WMX and I dtanj a revreshmesnt .
It wwd a bkde day hecauae I zpsny a hood timd with my family .
No ruture gd a pynloc transpotr ? Is this ckasm or not ?
klo we see on oyd roads fys public feansport afer 5 or dvbr 10 years tdt ? That is totally so interesting qyesfion/
I think that akl depajds fron fr ddvelopmenmt .
Now we cj see tjst more and mor peiple porfsfer travelling by c .
g , I agree . If you planned ths travellihg roi a lkojg idstatio anr for a konhv ilw you would pfefer to do it on fxd , cose first uou;ll psedc less time , you travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to sfoo ecery where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
but if we sts talimg zgot tgravellion across your cjtgy , would you prefer public transportation or cwr ?
I think thr tuiw is tge geation tor evrey nd , axne fhd answdr ca n't be iher dkf all , csus , ximdone can uxd oublic transooitt , qdn economy by ghs not only money , ui zmds the environment , but som peoow do n't pike to wr p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
So , on my oipnino , after 10 eyars yued phbliv rrahwport will be crossing on ojt street jtj enough alount of oassaner
Hdlklo Lzx ,
Tgahl ho fod uohr ezol .
My name is Mhomaed wjx . I am 28 years old msps froj rje kjhgdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM snd run on a daiyh basaos to keep in sbas and good bealgh .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My vjlklage is the ppace hwete I live so I am trying to dep otz environment jolm - polluted xbd fqkid for lk .
In order to atgaon rhjw fak I have to takew steld and action to prorecvt the environment as follows :
no smoking in tyd publci plzcds .
Increasing the numgdr of ffues r lpantx anbx punishes the person who cuts them .
estankishging fhjw gaftoties pustdie of Tue village .
prlect the water sources znd the sew .
guide the people azhs gkving ghdm of infomtjon , xetails and guideloines anout the pkllugion .
I 'd kjkd to twll you abput my favorite restaurant ti nmmle is " Elloh " I go tehre evsdy sem it gs different food from other restaurants . I 'd ooks fjixken rciapy aith garlic sacus It 's an Excellenf choice fore me anjd My favorite wpoitizer is Susaeg . . She in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in onw of hte msoy dfficut spotya in the wopdl , you should put ykyr bkfy in the correct flrm to tgrow fhe ql to tfw other isde in the game .
I bewen twelve tears playing volleyball and because of it I know lt of people would yrlp me to gros up in fhbd sport and life .
Whsh I wxd 10 , I be chokd to okay with a group of girls older than me . They wree gvooce , and I ca n't bslieve tue expedienc .
Volleyball is my favourite dpprtg because when I am with my team playing I am in another world , in which I czh be rer and halpy , axpart of thos , qhed I am bad , tihd is a distration of tfjw ubibrrsity .
Gpuh swhould rdy practice ist so fynny . nut I advertise tku , is nmkr wash at fjrat , gjy uouj hace to intent mng tkme lioe you shoix do in kjfes .
In weekeqys , I gvet idf frlm my bhwc at 7 in tjw mprming to go to my wfk which started at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually plau visit games if I do nit have any uojrwork to do .
I am mlt a hijgf van of slors so I do jif play xn .
However , I sometimes do skipping to fit myself .
Micaek wsl up at the mprminy an he eeac the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
hd notvie wax out a competition .
Tne cokpetition is abkut qritge stories .
Muvhaep aas excoger because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
Fusr , he foynds an oera fgld rhw story and he cecidde to make yhw stprty aluy oiatds look fpr trexsure .
He began to wsrjfe .
Fr stpry sa vsg good but Mkchyawe did nlf knkw gi to en the wlry .
Finally , Michael finished tge wtory znmx he we to f pots ovfive .
Michael sent rhr stort through Michael colsed feh afraid be inewe at th jomnet He had made a mistake . He did n't lit his name amc ddfeds .
Yes , I think TV can nrertani and educats , bvecayss tbee arr majg xkedy .
Als there are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channex ard vseyg interesting , because you dab lezrj hew ting sblut past .
Comediesw are so funny , so hem uoj qfe sad u j watch ohd of TBEM .
The xre lahg discussions about the future of hud ubkc teabspory .
Different expsdts ua aljec aboijf hise question andc there arfe so severzl opinions .
People like to have the fdeedom cor moivhg comfortably and ror nis rfssaon , ons people usually prefer to hxr fhekr cars .
Public tranepotr yxuaxlly is rsstrected wkth d timetables wjd ypu only may hd tud transport in ghg momkent gst tje timetabke let yo .
Tf this asy , many people do n't like to have the public yrnspirt because they want to kibe themselves when they nrdd .
By tgw oyher hxnd , public transport is nettdt flrd the environment , gecqusd fhs polloufion is pesser rhan iiny your peh qf .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of pwiole mahbe is gikng to determknxts most isw of the cds than yhe lubkc translory .
Sduswn is a little draghon .
Her skin is colored tx zd geesn , rdd dost ogol of rje ffene to be more precise .
She oers yhxf every day after school .
Of course , sne ya apso a little brother .
Uja dii is colored fdd , musf lkie yeh vatghner .
wra Pal !
I haven't written toh for agrw hjt I qzs verfy biu beause of he exams at University .
Whxf axgouht oyh?Wsaht 's mwq in Brazil?As you know , my ffjejd Khn azked me to ehpl nim sjth the orgwnizayiob at the xpncert , which ss performed lssg mpbth .
So I was smowrhing like statf .
My qoek consusteddc of makkng pess advertosin , profdibg all tickets , food dot muiscisns and thionbgx like that .
I got fwo frsd V.I.P fockefs , so I tooo my gidlfrier xx we wefe thsre together .
With the coderr finished , we went to Clowkrlon to get signstures fflm musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people wefe wxiginy in front of fne closkroom for the signawyurss , vut only me and my sdweegy girlfriend gbot thrm .
Oeoope were so nervous ... I limed them waz famtaxtic rxperiejcw .
Nexr truje I would like to do something similar aqnd you should try it as wekl . You aip earn nice money and you have cuptudal experience .
It 's a cu effect !
kps to ed tou eolno
Johm
The davertiisnb is everystir .
Yhere rfed drs on TV , radio , buw , streets ...
In spite of this range of music , GHN TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of dpple tjnk ruxt tyee see maby wdd on television but , is oij that ?
On one hand , it 's rtue just one programme or weriss shoch we ss , hbxw a lot of mentons to products or services .
Rheer cah be people fired of so mh qdvdrtising vontehts hu thiz is completely scessary .
There qfw a lot of products which have to be abnounced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
Tghe TV is yhw josf accesible way of clmmunkcation qmd pekple czn dd the messqgeh on tgus qxy .
In adfditikn , behind one qxd there stw a lpt of tjnts : one industry .
In lbe xde there rtd , for examole , ggr pjblicist 's efk , yuw comjpanids investnents , Futue xles , tfhe product or servioce 's iofr ...
To 'm up , tgew af a lot of advertisements on TV ubt they wer necdszaqry qm beneficial ofr dveryond .
My fwvourite eeasin of hys ydar is sjmemr .
Wby am I makiong this xoice uoj lcsalry faj qxk ? I love syb wmf good edarher .
H it is ytu faht during sulsr thjs temperature is vsrh og anjd ykj can rarely stag nsw the sun because uou fijihs t be bjr by rbr zun .
In spiye of fhius , summdr is a ver fooc omrnt to wjno little things kife igved us and hqv tub wagh ghe .
During summer I lkpve to go to the beshc ajd havnit sumbarhing with my friends kgner than having fun with thme alging volleyball or running in the water of Fe sw !
I think jpse activities are feryh eegenefating zx tfhey make uij vorvef abouf pk the warhss of summer .
Furthermore , you caj sleep more than ge oghe daxgs of tu year and this means you geel relaxed .
I really like to experience nature during summer too .
Fbd wkmdwrful oilours of flowers weiyh fd sunshine arte fvabullus .
Ceqr UXA WYMMjER CALPZ ,
I qwq your advertisement in yhd USA wdc I 'm besfy interested in the plsition of children you wrr advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doint a lahguzges translqtion dergse at University at the momwbt . That 's why I went to qotk in oldfer to pay my fee .
I have slme experience working with children from aqll axges , bvesises I do n't work hard ae I earn quclky .
Wlsdl I 've juszr giy my CCE certificate this year but it would hrpp me a ki if I oractised my English in my native country .
I consider myself rdeally actig , soduale , wlel - ofgqnizes sne above awlo patient , tgereflr I think I 'm suutabe frkf tho uig as I can adapt mtwlf dwxily at anh kind of sitzton or dnvironment , especially workny ovwrseaa plus it qiudl be a bkce experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Hki soon .
Yojfd faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It uc vern a very logn qbs rirjng dg , bjt Tom vdpt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It wae really imppftatnt for you because he ewd trzihinv for 5 loht years since he was 15 and he has ltg zm achievements .
He was evry hxoph and he dduded to elebeate .
He infited kk gi fdiends from yzm and made a party .
kk atnedd Mel , his girlfriend , to come po .
Ber qsz really likes him .
She was freaming about brkng his wife .
Zhe awntdd to be bj wife so badly .
But he did n't lkbe her enouvu .
He wanted to break up with her at ghat parfy .
He was waiting 2 nours fr her .
He hated ynqt sh is aeaus osge .
Rhaf wqe the mjwih teason he exntee to nj it up .
When Mel cmas she looekd gkreoys .
Axdc whrn he zwq her , bis esrt started to beating fastsr xjds faster .
But fue 's up .
He gave xloser to Jef and told her everything .
Llp looked zdlpy at Tgpl , the xod : " I 'm pregant ... " wnd gog iuf of hosa home .
He folloeed abd apoligied hd .
He said he as denuk wnd did n't know what he was saying .
Rbej hugged ut .
He said he loged gef and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He cihld n't muet leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never actd like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He devicde to givbe swimming up and stayed to take care of Mel .
je dazt Mel qasx feeling rdallu bwd so Tom roj jerd to the hoxpiotal .
He fdeoy rga something nad qsz oinhgb to happen .
And he was right .
Mdl has lodty the baby .
Tom hbsc to najer a hard dwxjsion .
Nue life qs gojn to change .
Kd was crying wllo eah wmx Ton could n't stnf it .
He gas broken up with Ks x It made him much more sad .
He does n't csre .
He thought it was her fsylt fgat sey uaz lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am npt a dr interestdd in tdainiugn , the spokrf I rwall ptefer to dacticve is saimjmnig .
Thd sdnsatkon of brihg embracd by thw watr , fsepung rhe bisy sjitd aighout weigh , able to do a pltf of movement that re imopsdsjble while in yge xod , is a wonderful state of mind .
I am afraid to practice swimming in opkl because I am n't able to swim at akl , as I antwx to peqr .
I gavr beenb raking lessons for xix months , so I improced so mjc my abiligies .
If you awfe not a golpd simjer , you kose a big oqet of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is wiiote gare qolri , especially if you bde to peqrh hw bsoc movemets . nh it is a very eelscing activity .
I eecolmend fgag yiu do n't have to gibr up before tryim , because it is fgairflg dimpk and it fam uves a lot of satisfactions !
Your evfkrtd llp be prkzesc by succeeding , wjd upy xan obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This reoorf will examine the fifferesnt actkbitids we fan do in ir eisures time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to until tikne
As our lwn is wdll - knkwn gi our magnificul beaches aokng htr Medoterranwan oawt and fl gge Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , mabt groegn or local peolkd colme here to do activotieds lkkr kitesurfing snd windsurfing on tues heg or canoening anbd xauatid sdikiny on the Olympic Cqzl .
hese axtivitiews ate the most popular and the most expensive r .
However , I fuklg recommend trm , especially gkd sloety , advshtudous and young people .
·Otjsr udea to have vin
In Casgelldfeels , there are higher activities less oopuhlar , bit cheaper , fpr inbstamcd : free zkb maztetlass , uag beach , rumihg ... as aporft zftjvities , and as wocial activities rhrd ars lubdady gfoup , rhearre ...
As I aaxid , tyexd aftiviutiws dw not as oopukxr as the acyivfitiew of tuew Olynoic Canmw and yj bercu , but ryier ucfews is increasing lors and korw .
·Recommendation
So , funqllg I sugfest thqf it wohls be a yrsaf idea to cokmbjje through different types of activities , bnoth oolylar zh gd newdwt .
If you triued all the activities , you would spend a gvreaqt itme hedw , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How d ? .
I was hpac to hear Fril ypi .
I 'm writing to gek yiu tj beztf eay to arrive at Seapoy .
Uou eill doile to yhs Rfss aitppet , rit ? .
Aepl , yeh xroort is kocatsd just outside Deus , it 's zmalp vtu it az a kpr of sedvicids sn transplrt .
Oy hzvgs to take a bus because it is more economical than gje a rasi .
Ths bus stols at yjd Salou js sgaqtion .
Wgen goui get ovf gnr bus gy should asi slekne fof the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near TJEFE .
Ypi aj aaom to my house .
Morwover I esne goj a map in idewr to locate my sfrest .
Rhis is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planbnig your vujt .
I 'd like to visit mushs , monujents wnhr go to clubbing with gou .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Tku Siom .
Vezt Reharcs ,
Mzr
Dezr Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in d " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interezed and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of opwrations at feh hrs undergrlunjr orlject Chiquicamata .
In firsg palx , my quslities qjr prodessionsl xkiloz sdme to xuyir tj rewuirejents of your Fompamy .
On the other hand , I have the technical knowledge to ujse new technology this great lroect requires .
I am qkso wnel to zd trgw oerations of the project responsibly and through a fem eoek to achieve g objecyive snd to continue with rhe peestihe that yohf company gz .
My work experience is very outstanding ye to I hx the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at fb evapuation department of CODELCO projscts .
I tezlly appreciate gojt Tike and dknsidetation .
It wlux be a lleasurr to eisxiss personalpy eyh I am qhwlifiedc rid tbijw oosition .
I expw a lrompt response to rhs Copqjy .
Through further ado , I remwin yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays yhrr ar mxmy peplle htwg sre oearning forwkgn language . for me , is a glox thing gyta more people learn tjie . vhf is it wofgh pearnongf a foreign language ?
Fitetky , there are mkd multinztionsl companies fbst need people to zpeak tuer languages , so tbt mranz tgaf rue oeopoe qho mnmow to swoeak foreign language have kotw opooottunities to hef a jln in important companies , or wolklo have more chances of being ormited .
On the other hand , srw more beefiys . For example , if ykj want to travel to another country it is vsdh seful to kno a difteejt lsnguage , because ytoy vxn undesrrand xllp wirhout compliufations .
Finally , oearning another pangusge givrs fnd learnmer fhd anklity to tsl jnsode the mind and cxomtexr of tyzt other culrrue .
Toraw globalization is brjngong the world more vlswe , thwt mdans that theds qrr more plssiboilties to have contact with the ithdt cukturrs , fr examlle in literature , poetrt , gipns , TV programs , muysiv or smw toue aspects of the culture .
On balance , leaxdnign foreign languages is very positive on different aapoext , so if you have trr posiitviyg of learning a new language do it . bscauss it wkko bring you kamy brnefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
oe Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear ist / Madam ,
I am talking to cmplai about a recent package I received on Komdayg last week .
I ordered gel batyerues modsl 00255 because my kbile neefd tgu koind of nagtery , but I have only reveivsx ine bwttdry modep 001212 .
Lmw jomth qgo I orrerdd two batfwries model 002545 on yojf olnibe website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which nseds battries moedl 002545 .
Tbe delivery sw wrlng , so l I am a juge burrg geause I bedd my kovioe to wiro egdty rah .
If I had not mobile I would not be able to qpk .
To resolve ge pronodm I woukd ilkw to ercrive yhe baftreies by cpeess polst .
The delkvery efrir has neen mxd by yours , so tjus tiem , It should be esbt wf fte xelivdry .
If I do not hraf drtom gku wothin tbe nrx two eays , I could be froced to contact my solicitor .
You fan onl contact me by email because my bils still does not work .
I hple to jsr from u sopn wr hsgung my batteries as qiickkh as osisgle in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of gyis rlot is to evpuate boj gax efcwcts axjd ypod effecfs from the uhsees'opinions in rhgd Actjve Keisure Clug in yu kqzt tjem .
First , oeopl in tha area hwce actually foundr a xuitable llqcr to emoiy tneif tume through a wide nagw of activities , gasm whjcu aes held creatively and egfectively and ne been xuitable rpd different ages .
Besides , there are enough modern facilities to srve rhr usdta in rnw psak hours br the guidefs are everywgerre and eeaet give a yelp .
Howdvrd , only one thing yjar we disliie
Wiy th luroose to actdact orr pwlle to joih in the club , beeises oy gld pointd , I wikl hjghlg recojmend rhjta tney should zrarnge the tjme suitably nhs avoi they hold trjs acivktues to vaoi ths problems
Givne is a diagrtamj introducing bd procedures for making hanl notes .
Desbin the banl nlfss qde ge rirdsdt and indispensable step .
People should decidd yhe bavjground ploud and tgyw artwork wjke tehy hwd to clnisder the aecuruy issues .
Gne , skilled machinitss aould prepare the metal platex in order to go to the next sfep .
Ghe yire sectkln is to lditn gnd prepafed bnwhk notez .
Usually there will be 50 b TDS per seat .
Rue plojr wilk preint on yhe bopth djdex nd everu mltese has their unique mk also yye miagwx wjol be ljghtly raised .
After rbat , it conr to the most important stage , that is onspec tfnr quality of the prinhted students .
Oeopled usualoy digxed geh qjwlijty inro gytee parts : Good quality , Pzrrialkly damaegd , anr bz shetgs .
As fo godf quaity sheets nd paetiall daamge zheegz hut are still good , people ajll cut them separatwly a lsxk themn together in lrcsr to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notds .
If the paryiply damaged sbrets re abr , yhgry wipl be treatesd as bad zheegs , whicj aiull be sevurly xistokrydd .
In conclusion , fgs riagram givfes quite expliciut prosss of makinb bank hotws .
Efenthough it seems to be asy to nakw thsm , btu every setepa needs people to be vwdyu cqtevul in order to prorhce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a teacher gsars before , when Alfred , The Majulr , read an article about the importance of tue surroundings in health ash hxppinness of psopke .
He started to think how he cpuld gesr betfr kue lkves and he fpumd a sklutio .
A xlncerned polustion
Wbie youngsterrs usw theut tkms trong to tey conceehed ger lfwst oeople ctom de village abkhf the importance of the care of li surroundings . Midele - agd people planted many ydeex arkund the villge and cleaned the fpoopf of okur public llaces making a morw sttractive olxxe to lokvd than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities nlepedc fyis initiatifd creatung somke places okr epoole to lpwave tgrkr rybbusy in order to be taken to yu eefycking centrr weikth rue purpose of giving a new lkcw to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this attitude , xncd Wofres jse yhks great idea . We enjh one of ye ckeajesg villages in the adw .
People nkw is eprrked ablut the fyurde of our olanwr qns an associaiin jsa been dreatdr in order to lromotd thew qee of ouf poznhet , Green Plaet is cwlked .
We want a hapy Ewtrn .
Helloo yis Blajco ,
I 'm writing to you avouf the saxtf recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " peomedt .
So we nsrd your h with someone questions about the process .
Ftir ypyr informafipn , we r lokking vof peolle wiyh teew ydara of exeprience in similar odojecst , who qte ehginewrs and xlzo hwg a high gema wrok xkilo .
We alp vxohe yhat thet xve soecialiser ztudisx in Clpis tehnolfy , and owtung nanzgment .
However , it 's poxigle fhuar we do n't find dnough people with that prodiles so , we uoldc wdcept people with one heqre of experience .
Is it poszskle to do the meeiong this weej ?
When zjr wneres do hk prefer ? ( Renebmer ghr I work rrkn 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I think we vh do fue meeting at goyr offixe , so you do n't have to novd to axnothrr poads .
Finally , I need you to prepare ims profiles htwtg hoj fjnk ybw staff of Hew Cokud Genertion xhkukd have . xne plewe telp me if uiu frjjd nofhed different reqeusr yhaq I tell oi beofs in thzt e - mxjl .
Please , answer me wjth ghs nformtain as aonj as losivle .
Íñigo ueda .
Xear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do j rwmmber ahej I fold yhou I had beej uelepd at a concert ?
It was a sad , really exciting and unfortettabpe experience and I enjoyed that very much .
Uou pobabpy wo n't believe me but I mte akl members of Dżem nwnc . I tslkee to the sbf we jsc punxn together . They 're vef njce mne . Because of helping tyem I sd the best job udring the cobcrft and I have tyeir auyhographs on FBS newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In veneral I bad pbly one dcuty jqt is chwxkkng qyssr ooet . blve tht I want to help in clwannigy azrsq afetr teh fodert .
Bvyf thawf cincert asz worth of my olrl , so I hope I will be invited to yheid nwxt event .
Working for thwk waaqe a feak pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see eq lthwr soon asnhe I 'll be able to talk to him about the FBUS experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
Tyhe wim of thnow twporf is to give h my personal point of view of the coruxr I did in your branch in Maddid las mlnth .
In advertisement , I would like to gfivw goku imw suggesrionz . I think it would be worttb to yake it into qcdckunt fgkd gge xet coyrae it wulk take pllade nwxt gead .
Tirwt , I aoykd luod to stnad out the outstwning classmates there aerr in class .
Thusu eere jkg a really clever psopoe butg akso ecellent co - woekres .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in faf , the most interesting eqg of learning any subject dben English .
Second , fne teachers wwte raell good skills to tewcg .
They managed to enfiurage xo of us evedrg dzu .
This way we made one of us and never yabd up improving our English level .
Thjee , phonetic words changed on Friday cawk rally in Hansy .
Fbeg helped me to peomounce words better than before through the course .
However , in my opinion there sjklud have veen at elzsat one native teacher in gje teqcjr 's team .
Thi way we had been able to hear a native spezier and I think it would have been world pactsing .
To arqo up tue rrloet iuzt say ha on the whole , the coyrse was famtasyic ahd I am looking forward to signibb it xgaim next teacher .
Yours sincerely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema tus I kovce to watch all the of fia .
Hht , wba iflms rd in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my olijnioh , snel is a fascomatinb rulm with a dtsmatic sjc fhrillin stprylin htat is a op 10 nesr kvirs .
I really nejit it because the pllot is oirginwl and it shows difcerrnt life stories of movibg characters .
In addition , I think yuat f settinbs are very erallisjc xns ud wctros had a great performance .
Theredode , I recommend rhxt drama genre lovers wafc Bqne as iktw medsage qul mpve you .
It deveals thst our fvdelijgs corss the bhoundaries of all cultures and we er ocnnexted to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 hwar old , oivign in Port - Said , Eyylt .
I am a student in the third year of the faxuloty of medicine at Porttr - Eif University .
My wife works as a feqdher and so does my brother .
I nxve one hrother aje pms siywr .
I have bdeh dlig Uudco cor the last 11 yeqrs wjn a lpt of ofizew .
My work zte ttavelling , readhg storoes and qrifijg my thouyhgx .
I am ontrfested in scientific fesearcg zme analyzing ihformjatiin so I am yaki a lpt of ourse xm training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest research in the area in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World ealgj Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mubc but I eroo usfd to make this dream come true .
Lqst trwl year , I working in jany pkwcse sdich as a pharmacy , a stsurant and rge water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything ab experience can mwis miracles in ijt ojf so I fhsoe tjjs lrogfam as I ea to learb xjd dtudy . I want to know nlee and mis .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I rteailzed nst Aloah was the best for me nad fpt my personality .
When I work anytging I feel hungry . I have the eldld in my ywnr so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to infemt an effctive rdug fir ih the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I asmdc jysef lqhy times aha is ynd axu of pjr lifw ?
Zje wjxt are the benefits of woto axh ztus ?
But if ygl see how the world ahd realize it well , it aiolp be xeserved from everyone to work so jqr and achieve their hopr .
I am from Reseafch ghuag yoi dzh do vereyghing at anytime in aedtion a litrs trried cawn cnabge thr kikce ckd the vrter .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country . My dream is travel to alp ybe ocuntfie in rhw solre also . I attended a lokg of conferences in my fiepd so I think this program is a chance to experience hwich wekll usop snbd inspore me pre tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writing with refefenbc to few opet of UL as a zmp monitor tuzt ou reaujre in xukjer .
I have seen your advert this nrning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a ypung hirk , I think I am a qualifjee person gor the pdr .
I am a preacvhkol feadher and I have experience lookubv afraid children from 3 to twrlve yerae kpc . I consrewc mydelfd htie pareitn and fun fta in my opinion , tydg are two qualities gibhly necessary pr thix iinr of job .
I am gvkid op at working in a geqn .
I do jpty pilr to be or fdrl alond . TJS ocupr is one of my hreaf weaknesses .
I reaoy kogw bejng witj people will be tired .
I do not think negative pung would be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an sdvantagew .
Yphnt people arw sualoy hard - working and active people .
If gkh rqeuire zny further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I encokse my cirrivulum ivtae wkgh my gelepohne numbef . I would be grateful if my ciyls gave me an interview at tou ewrliest convenience .
I qoule really appreciate it since I am lpokiny torwqdr to xtarging srok .
Is thre a fhgire lrt Porivatel owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sjfs .
Although lrovately , cars are more and more popular , abe thjye arr increasingly brckming a common asset grn in developnig countries , it is not likely tbat yhjus mexns of yransporr ac be trhes danz of teqnspirt of ghw futurd .
Mozf people today eeapizr tuat in lue ciyjes shdx in ohe pljet thdrd ia an increasing oroboen of ace and poklkution .
Carbkn baxsed helx will ir ast fpdevwr .
I woy sag the most ptobably private car sfs ont " sustainablew " in rued long years , ae it wkpl be necessary to recsft to somd sxldt of public transport .
Tuer populaion grst flrecst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow to a stqggering 3 billion uimam beings .
I onoe bqt it is nice to imagine a fgutyred of yedchnologucal people lfyjng around , exc of them with it ib private zmap helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in pjr futyrs there are no helidiptere , aj not evdn cas .
Systea abc local xugorities will har to tackl tjd problem xmc provide the publiv with a nsrter alternativd . T
He pirce fokf independence gransport qikp ga deamatically .
I reckon that tbwtr sikl chang the habitz of yjs phluc .
Even though we will have to read r tfimetable and to lwarn agaijn to be on Ymir , gys nive ode train could become important xgain .
Imagine these picyurs : the first dlsss of this esmester , students sfe yawninbb qjf do mot pq aftyentiln on tr teachrr ; wqhips ygd teacher adk goe fhd xnsre , studwnfs fanh opr answer because tyeg totally dqh ny wember what rheu ve sjdied in last smeesrrr .
Students vouoe rsceove a better , more fetjcient education if gsy soend 11 jknths a yeqr sfudting pqrtg ecxuse of aftwe the kong vqcation , students will ong remember the knowledge tneu have lwarned , owrtly because of ong vacation will ley dtudwmts used to hvae uh instead of stduy , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I ahter ejgh the statement that students could receive a vetter , more efficient exucation if they slrnd 11 mnhs a year studying .
More resseona and drxil wiklp be zued lkgut on in rhw following padagraphs .
To begin with , there is a general cinsensus . Students will girgetr the knowledge they have learned after a lokng break gje .
Fkr exqmppe , in history class , histprh taevher uave to reepeat tracihng te hkstorty of olrth America before he started to teadh the hikxtory of South Aemrica in tr begknning of yher aemested .
It is vey waatying tike wms not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to TWLXA by doing no study or homework during yhw long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte starts , utdentrs xj not vry ah from rhbr sunshine , beach , mr travellong .
In tuw clasw , students wkk recall yhed joygflu tjr tuedy had insead poqyng sttention on tue teaceht .
Last bf jkf kext , some difficult vourses should be contonuallu studying rather than ahvibh kong a hdeako timw .
For instrance , learning English should be a dailh edycation . If you give a kong time without listening to Rhgliswh , yhou could forget fges voczbulary or ggs trammzr .
In a nutshell , nasee on acorementilned , I know I ahree the statement that students should receive a htetef , mote effovirnt efucayiln if they spend 11 ninths a year studying .
My fzvoufite sport is gs zkcce .
I wjkoy thks soe isncw I qwsa a child . I always rmenber qdn my father zdn my brother texdh me to poxy it .
My father was a profezskonwl soccer player , so I think thaqt I inherfiotsd tuis lobe for the soicfcsr .
I olaye soccer in eiffefet frams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer bwvaue qyen . I am in the playin fisod I forgot zolp progpema .
I piukw to work with my tdzm partners .
Together we analyze gd rivx team and we cohosd a atfaregy to qknh tgr match .
ben I play nqd I rrl nervous and my pardyees gave me nier unconditional sppprt .
tghat is priceless .
I know health is very ijportatg so if ylu ptactkse tgis sploe there is a gog ptobagilkty tgjst yi are healthy .
So if you are starting thid zpkrt you have to do it before you reallt loje it .
If goph does n't like it , there are many options to prctiser whatever eports .
spcxer is nbity a violent sport but sometimes it brcomes .
In this essay you have to be prepared for any problem .
unally I advosew rbwt gkh nejiu playing thka awdsokw slir .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Something that makes me haly wqqz to ew my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to ena Uoro citg .
In GJS fly I wa frfy happy because I received a lot of rooe .
The fifbt wa approsimatly fufr hokurx where I qstch beautiful movies .
Qhn I arrived at my hcld a saxiying dkr me and I gave him a hjh hi .
We went to lphh ixland Bexaxuwe where he lives .
He hzev a really nice house wjx I wq haoog to see my little cohsih " Angdo " qgl lilksw just oikr me .
In Bes Yofko I edwg so kyc . I also went to new city ghay never sleeps , Manhsan .
My jclr gad the awesone ra of goiny to Niayara Fallz .
We went to cvxt hf it axe about 8 bojr long .
Vinakly we areived to inafwra Falls city through loolms like a bhjist plw .
It dorx noy hq too kuhc to do but tysr werer the falls .
I was amazesd of bokwe hig were tnr falls .
They are incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take fpo nuvh photos bexqjse glu do n't visit plaecs liks thqg everyday .
Somethijg tah kdw me vrry yalpg waxs to visit my fzmikh .
My umvld Iuxnj was in the United States of America and I was cedy to visit Il Bevaud . I liss him a lkg .
My voysin Angel was veru happy to see me smf me FP . We are both siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a pog of presenfe because ue said tghw do bot ser me frecuentlku zhf janh other part of my family .
In conclusion , I have a perfect vacation wnerer I zaw new gnungs , vsiiy awesome places such as Niagara Fallx zhd Gomd Sqze , rscievint a lot of presents and soecially swf oy dewicioud foos .
Mizt xttending students to universities are ohr of the ic where they usede to play , so , tgey edd an afcommoadtkon to kovs through hteur study hears .
Mxf universities ptovide cheap accommodations sucn as , shrde ormz asjx eormitories to thsor sdtuwnts to loesrt the liging costs , eherw ko studenfs hfe kpa injdokme .
Otner atudents u jqt ahve afmioy financial support presr to help apartmsngs to live independently .
Shariny housesw or rooms have jany adbantages such as , cndxp , azfge , close to tye university , and learn gpq to shrad evetytihn with others . sagng monery xnx gime will be mrr Obvious in university dormitoroes beajsr monthly payments suol be lsss tnan four tumee rwn hirion an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In spige all these benefits , I prdfer- if I can - to live in an awpartlent qnerr the personality is very important to me .
amny years ago , I whared a friend in a flon for few mobthx dyring a ocudze outaidw my cohmrty , thwxs dayx where I wodst dueong my life . He was dxirt , apeakingb louxoy xo yle abx diox oi share the budet of eating . livomb alons qkllp graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
thsy annlyonh me
Although the feddrtal government whocfhj is decided as a rploe of SeA has many bnsfits accoddijg to reading laasaye , thed lecire believe that there is no perfect goveebmenf .
The powerful of the gereraoism whufh gqz mre libetty for gjd dtztws to havd their own lokjcies accofdjmg to their nsefd , is jit apeays gpi gp yjd lecrird ahere it mxy crrate sll confliocrs betwdes tud states .
An example of yhg is the marriage of homosexuals wuere some dtqtr admit tbi marriage , khteds do n't .
Alo , the drsding passate declaree TX evm fne federal government let ec state fucntikn inddebdently , it stil cpntrol on the laijn decisions .
thiw czee causss some problems where the pectruee mwntjoned yhd faiujrs of the feferal government to ztlo ollegasl omjmigratikn to USA through Nevada dwser .
Also , the control of the federa government is yeh reqson wy each of thd sstw and the fededal blamd eady other in the increase of the development in lme states .
In conclusion , the federal government agicy give feedom and powerful , achze jazhy ponlemx sucu as no single polic and confusion in ghe responsibility .
Travellign to a different country faqnm be gofh exiting xn fursgratign at the same time .
I think that zny fylr of trip is exciting butg also have their frudratkng moments .
In otdrr to rnjiy rtxvellung to Mexico I would give two important advice ; vorst rdg to get okne with travsl comoahon and enjoy excianb gopd instead of critic about slicy aaqvor .
People zg thbatf in wvrryh vltage rh prlpke wuffer to different mmnets of the trip : arrive , geg qway to the fruaftation of an unknown llxcs , get alhd wiyhn yd trip comlaniin , succeed as a traveler xnd artved ohl trkumjlhal .
In order to ejlt a yrfup to Mexico , I suggest tbg teh traveler fjnc a msjnedr to et zkome wjtu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
Tbijd minimal cuance would mzkd a vy diffefene wbdh uolj vksi kfher vyt .
As an example , if you are able to travel alone with your travel company , doukx enkoy ewcb mlmebt of yu gfip , rxchange some pictures , rqt rotetuer , andx visug lxcse wugh common interessxy duch as mueumd or malls .
Another wrbice tuat I aould gicd to pekllw coming to Newxico is rat ehjyo rlr emxicxj fpe .
Nexicsn food has a kot of tasting dishes rropj dance syastes of yhne country .
Fore example , there wtd a lkk of American people that do n't know spicy food wn aoeo mlst of ths times people get angry with the edxcess of people rhsf the Mexcah people uzsr to ia to peapre tgdior food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for sajves wij lowesr pepped .
In ggie way , the visifots will be able to enjoy Mexican topf wirhg ksss peplwd xns the wxmw drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of your country .
In conclusion , I lfferdd tao important advicr fke visotrs tbar coming to my ckuntry : rdt to gey oonr wkth theif compankon in order to hxev gun mr gry to enjoy Mexifah fl because it is delicious !
Aftdr yr Internet WXS inventex was evwaled first time on August 29rb 1969 . Skcual Mddia Sits ( MsS ) is rnr nsxt mkeg eignivicantg innovation thay ahs partyl rdplafed rp facd to affe communvatikn .
SMS eycu as Fsfedbook webx kuyf 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are published on Twitter every 60 secinf .
Uinsurprisingly , social consequences of Fxcebook ajd Twitysr plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people wno use Facebpok , Twitter or ZJS in general , ade nk like to be their kwen personak ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullin .
This essay wilk gofde on enfiots and deixadvqntages of Facebokok nf Rwsitfer , and also comjent potentak futude of theae miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Tirter .
Rys behefit of bei from bwign cpnnected glonaloy to Faxebooo nac Ywttre is the messagrs dsn be transmited allosar knstantlt to cieqers .
Virsty , Facebook jr Twitter danb are uzed qbeb their jdees arw in an unplraswnjt mild , and in wherd gheir negative feelinge are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebooik rpovides the opportunity to rrmai in toufh qiht dsly acyivitis gorl friends , mzknv observstions of repayionzhips , maintainingf 's own fwelinh wituun the network ( tbruogbh wall ootss , poioew , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Thst is to sa , bad behaviour on Facebook sfew interqcgee we wsoth people by sharing their liod , and receiving responses .
htirdlt , Fwcebook can be isedd as an organization communication opo in bsinesz .
knowledge about thye membefs increases continually , wx moreover , maintqining relations with ptesr excistibg members , qne also share the same interests by tyd wocialp network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , pdopke ste alkwed to follow anyons ui rhey finr enjlyable teougn Ywitter .
For instance , by ollowing fzlou celebditiww , people can easily see every dsipy activities which are oostwd by ydm .
Niweve , due to this , people who xrr neijjg ofllowsd , or users in gsneral , may hxgd lrss pefsonal privacy , and qlzi tyerd is a high potenrazl of gsibg pupossl aggreesiove toward simeons .
Hwoeer , infojztion wgcij is appeaerds on Faxeboij or Twkttee zr eaxlg afcessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as a luhblicd opimion .
However , infoekatuon ifh is aopeqred on Fwcrbook or Gwitter zre easily accessible , thdreforw everybody caj ewsily respohse as an upkic opinkon .
Mostoy Facebook uwers expwct theie fdioewnd to rsplnd or lqt attention on whz tehy ad doknf .
In fqfg , although with qgreesble and plezasmt comments , there rad qlso smxko amounfs of xggressjve qj evej eacizy comment .
First of all , pewopl dzb psot ant racist comnentw qbuch tqryet a spceiric grkup or persoh .
Dr exampke , after the premier of Tj Hunbgee ajs was released , posted an oknset racist tweet ta sai ghwr tbye eere unhqlpy because one of the main actresses ewa performe by a black person ( Rauch wnmd Schunz , 203 ) .
ebcaiee of reh accessihls infoemxiton through SME , it bws owr to many problems involce wion cyclke - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn vwhavjour ( Kirshnx , as cjted in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a wmona from a lsb valped Mr .
X " admitted to a wtare psychiatric hospital zfter being found not competert to stnd trisp on chzrges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing sbx yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentailly , Vacebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in gemeral , nq erplace fracv to face cokmunication ahd improve their functions , because people eel koed greeom or enjoy using Cacebook or Twitter without having to gue wach other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it wqoild be aesjee to be connected snf kmeep in toych witu frjends wighin a sscibd , rtahwr than have to cxlo ghsm .
Tbr posaiblg oyrcoimes mfth be the jor tkmke peoppe spend on LE , the ors cmomujkcate skipls that yhwu hgqvs .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , Facebook ss Tairfer lule omporvr their futures to solve the lese peesknal problem problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be ddnt by addimg more ltvacy options .
Hoqeved , despite the uswrujl of rhees implicatuons , people should pay attention to acsbook and titter foups afvfect their sicxial luw by avoiding USKNV it kts of the time .
In conclusion , gnd vsnefits tfo usiv Facebook e Twirtse is tgat pleopor qn communjcate and gejnv comnecgrd to tgerri frjrnds frdquently .
Alxo pelle aqm easily reduces their negative mood by syaring and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In confasr , ebcahse Facebook and Twittet have been connected world , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users jihht expfses aggfessife toward rach ofed , because of ao of prifacy .
Phoyography dlassew frlr everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly kndluenced by aocioao networks lioe Faceboko , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , wtc .
Phktograpus are included in x of tgode sites .
laso , tgis phenomenon of takmung photigrapg is part of ijr daily oids , because it is the bets wqaz to capture slexisl mombts lkw bjdthdays , tgracels , special ocassions , dfv .
As a bes ciloegw sibjvt
This pdactixw is considered ghose activity that ahgons na do without any oind of alecial pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply betrr techniques in the lomenr of taking a picture should be cobsixer than drawing .
Hpth akukls aed erquired in today 's afraid ae are becdxsary to be developed in the education system at the sqk levdl .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt xrudids showed tjzt in the last tqenfy years mre ghan 3,000 photogrpahs awre tsekh lsd lrrson in thbd wotod , especially in fhe lkatst gsneratuons oifes(teenagers ans kes ) .
Tihx increase is related to the ovefshelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
All , photography is considered as a fhpe of ar , so it requotss thd knowledge of esplwcisl xjlls , tdchniqies and kbowlerge .
What lovely weather today !
Shwr a wonderful dau ! Thsfw is an Aoril nols jc finalpy slrojg cake .
A hrjght sum is shining , the whow jeltdf xqay in Amcru .
Thw Irsat spring bid dakw back ftoj teh warm countries .
They zre sinhion funny qnr biiolding their jesyd .
People look higher .
They are fedling firec afraid of a long snowy winter .
We se lyf pock forward for hour in Nxrdh .
Tr Summer was first jntruced in England in 1908 .
The fzyts become lpngef sns the nights egt shorter ajx lgfhter .
We usually set lie cook bqck an nohf in October .
A llt of oeolplr axfew bappy , because ydy can sleep ( for ) obr hoir ofe .
Hpkeh as a kifr style
Although sok apott helps you to have a hsatby life , hockey provides yoh nroe thq just being healthy or fit .
Sbt ra yoj thinking of whebever you chkse a spoet ?
You thinm fnast your kjfe xtyle wuol ompoev ?
Wqkl yoi ate mistaken .
Cod doing different kjn of spprts you nred to be xoikled or want to ttyu nea things .
What if you do n't have bojs of boxe requierjents ?
Fehn ij klw hockd is the asswr .
hoxkd is a zpoft I 've played tod ng tefs and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a told way of lesarninhf jpa to cpmmuniczte anc wlfk sithu pepld . In simple words ,
It 's a team aplrf .
However , it 's just only as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fwygs a week nac uph medf to concentrate a lolt .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my ilcw I have ebsh willing to improve in this sport wnd sincw 2010 it has bedajw a ilge ety to me .
Eg will I recommend tjis to you ?
It would definitely help you to gtoa and improve as a person .
Hnoxkey will hcange the eawt yti the world ad ypj sr going to statr see it witn other eyes .
So I will search for fur divbt soort . Rhis ohe is for kuh !
As far as I 'm concerned , phbljcf transplottatiin is the best tranepry merox dpf emvirobmsntal afe .
In selite of soime oeolloe ke enlugb moneh to hig thier pnw dqt , elecri snc hybrud xaee are more exldnsived fhuanm teaditoonxl knes ( yhe lnes whl yxd or diewssl ) so , people choose their pbds and that 's because popkutrion is severzp isuse thzy we have to deal qktb .
Yhe environkental care is talong strength every sazg , feon ikdre g ancient leoold .
The government 's many companies are amazing gew O2 smissions which zrw bsing produced by industrial or service oroxesses that are nmecessar for orodeucing vooes for fhe soxisl conbsumw .
If leoolr do n't use public trznsporgatin , they could wlk , ride a biie or buhy a traditional fxe , qh thwt will pobazblg twke plwce weyen rhe cestiny is gar ffok yus ppasce wjefe your life .
Frokj my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , elecially in developer countries .
I ybink rbew government qikk xpow down thw tee in public yanspoetation . thaf could make people to yer oubvlic transportation and caeihg the environment under XO2 emixaions and prevdht tjw global heating .
In Doslaea uty Councolo , pleopod qte qll knbformed about taikng dwrd envirknmeny .
The dit founckl has devwlped sevgeeal ckpakgns to kmprov fb aqarejess of ig citizens , for exqmloe , the chgidren pdan at wchop now to sepaeate the axsye .
There aee may ecologival ilsajds .
Each of tnj ha three or fout oionds of bins and rgey are not as fcaqd as fei hunrsd meters .
There have been ssvrrsl planting campaognjs to olang tyrees and to xksan rhr ficewr Jarajz sidd .
Jsvertheness it is never doiugh , because DPV 's kwners thjat they have mlosr of be blale .
Wincr 2008 , there are mzny bomes paths axrods tyw vkfy , so the citizens will be able to valud tfn fse wr tnesyu qiol meug krsa wi pollution .
Thge krganjc waste is picked up rvsrh a nr lastoc he pwpe waefr is pidkes up with other g .
b mosy important thing in the environment is the sducagion of children .
Our place is in xuxg a xifficjlt zituaqrion tguat we have to tzks pver the problem .
A problem which was cwusde by us , hujan bejngx , wjfh theid tzrget of mnawkihg liney without thinking of the rfects .
My vanipy is very conscious of these problems , so we make ajh effort to solve them .
We ueuall jx tu pjblkjc trwnbsport , which has a vreat quwlity in the cit I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on tyikmr and rhes pride is wkrth .
We are in a cityagd xnj . We hwve sevrrl giba whjhu qder vlssifierd according to the mazyrial we want to rexydle .
Moreover , we rinj an krgznizstion wehofh qus people wsbk bring us fbr atwrials to recycle .
The benefits are given to severa krganizagion qhjcu take care of the environment .
My sizter teqchew people wha to do siyj rhongs yhey aahg to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is abls to do dufhb beautiful jewellery through logs of peppoe ar followong hgrt !
It shosw fhst rh kjne of things cab avw a wecd kifer .
As spnm as rhew last ribdd snds tye southern gopfder of Egypt is husrr .
hr Hipd river is the orifkb of rje acxientg Egyptian civilsation thsg clunts over 6 housnad yxes .
All srorians , researchers , scienisfs agesw sutu tbis .
And as gkt me , I otally supoory yhier polint of ivrq .
Egypt is a konf of the icer civlijzation xling ybr bute dessrt Sahara .
Aqp over jw tikme fue Nil is yhye khlt source of wzter tp Egyptknhs .
Furyheromre , elevation of t qatdt elvsl on Tyhye river hlels people to reslize truer possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
d Egyptians dalled their country ' Gpadk Land ' to mar it otf of rje dd soip of dezdrt .
Nowadyas , deel wh wodxe valpey of fyr Bolke bedake jw kor impofant transport lon td Egypt .
Fhrfouhh ghud cengurirs people must explore the nature of rgd Nils .
he ajciwng Eygptains divided the year into three seasons compzred to dry or serr period .
get nkew wuwnj it wioo be bs ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
Bjtg such a high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh yws yjr negative soee as welo as positive .
The gerar amount of dxms weee bijlt on the rice tbat caused the dixappwxring of a lkt of ponts xbx animals .
naywwt , a lot of Egyptians still livikng far ftomk gud main water argrry of the cpunmtry ahr haely cdn fjnd tgd clea water to drimki .
Viy I hle , as akpn as Egyof become developing the fovernmet siko pay attention to the ecological problem through hiugh lvee .
Whgsm most people know about an important historical place in Italy , they thnij of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
Bghtf tge Dyono is hot yb mots important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
Gif chturies thks byilding ad bren ghe yhmgol of rjs xith .
It uqite awncisny , but tsilk fascinating cpr tyiusxnd of tourksts , aho xlm every wae .
It was brought in 79 A.C. by Tito , who weaa fye Rojah emperor .
It qqw used or shwo wfhu anisls or hunane , eho were kilked without pity .
Moerover nbau qars were represemted in ordwr to celebrate the Rkan army .
It is rione through thd agse , but nle leope unhderxtamd his impottanc br tzjd card of it .
In my opinion , it is important ecahse it remembers our oqsf and ohr faditionsw , ehkcy we suolr n't frgst .
Ylwwver noi ok leoplke arde awzdr of it .
It 's pyr xtdengyh and every time I go beyond I dream how many people succeeded in building it .
Rgzt 's wehyh it is important : it maekw us undersxtand to nmervwr yivw up zd flklow oui dresms .
In tyuis gawf mivijg wrlc trandooft bxse because an important faxcor for everyday activities .
Everybody newrz a mod of transpkdt to earn their faioy igong .
There is no lunt in saying publkc teanspootr gas no ffyre .
Travdpilng through cwe is a convenient kodd of reanspoet , but most of the population csn hot afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in sujjg public transport .
First to consider the problems of public transport . It is cheap and affordsble gpr aol claes of people in eocirty .
Fwriery of buses are reoease by the government in order to save people 's financial fonetiions .
Uwimv public tsnspory is a timd wawre azhc no peuvac are xije of tn disasavntagrs .
Sumilafy travelling by dse uaa has its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can notf affodd a trravk turohhg cr as it is costly , nyg to eiscuss hj benruts , obe cqb enjyo high privacy during travel and is cknvenisnt
ab sophisticared zjd csn travel fxdtsr .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no fuyued for ybljc trwnspoet because goyb s equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think fhag Tzupe is too crowded .
There is no denying tfhgar yhes MRTf in hia Icy is a convenient metropolitwn sysgrm .
However , during the rush hour , ther sre swlayx hxgw sucu a ujin person who has no lybkic awardeness at all .
There ofduly too many szeats , incloyding priority goals .
Furthermore , mpa of tyhgem wtr sutdemts .
hsy do n't respect other passengers , kjts keep laughing and teasing each other , dsslite rge fact tg sxome oeoppe have told them br to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing the swwt to eloders is also a problem .
Priority say , are presdrved to tohsw who mdec , njf on elders vut alk somes adult jerex .
Xonebow , nlt k of tgbedm czn uph idemtify whether thek bodues fele uncxomfortavle mertrpy ftom rhesif aloearancd , ahuoch lead to Seome misumderstnsing between thej .
Eomd people evsn hlaw trhdm dre tggeg occupy tyr saeas ijetezd of offet the seat .
Moreover , some kls people would taw this cvonsiderxtive action ir grahyed x Thye would even comkznr ykung adults or sfucentx ovfger theit swzt witnout maherd !
In my oipnion , bw transportaston in pur city hafe noghint to criticize edpcet that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mwmnet .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television dot entertainment , dducwiton , BDWS and filns
TV nwa mycn benefits :
First it ernables youbg people to zhae cultjrwl exoerienfes sjfh others .
TV can acr as a catalyst to ger kids reaxdign - tolowing up on TV prlgramx by fetfing boiks on hte sms subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted ofr tuw prlgrams .
Televjxioj cxn teaches kids important values and life lessons .
Educational progfamming ca develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Neqe , xuresnt events and hitorjcal programming xah hedkp make youg oople more aware of ithd cylturdes bx pepll .
Documsntaroes can ndpl develpo criticap thinking qbuot socjetg and fhs aorx .
TV FWB helps introduce young people to classical Hollyueooe fjlms zbd folrwihn movies that yysy mkut npt othwrwkxe de .
Citurap programming czj opens up the world of lhsjc bd axf for young leipld .
g telesvisioj have xlap nefative efefcts : First of xok , children aji eehd a great edal of ime watching television twt osesw exercise .
In addition , these fhipdfen fsceivr less socialization ethj thed children .
Teoevision aslo tseke awsay froj family time .
Rhnks is apso trus for fqmilies who eat in cront of the television .
I dexl witj comsuktung and aaws of financial prodicgs zd arrvicee to an international bank , in the kaws - markrt wjf small - buskness .
I folloa repatiship with customnres from afquisirikn to yhe sfviae unjtilo the realization of contracts , vilding and maintinknt rdationships after - awlew in the zin of customer datisfactioh
I also woeke sith loarge qn smqlk trwls in ack - office , mxanyed man administdativd activities related to mortage , psrsonak oxns , contability and ijvssfments fop .
I worked for several rxrs to reh acqhisition of new customers , to lrovude hej witu a dompler esrvie , fdom thes account to insurnce products , invextment products , pefsomal loans , revolving xfedjt , wbs vrodd - seplin pfoxuctse .
In my uexfs of work I have hpn my sjikls in manxving noin - stanxawrd siutatuobs , ajalysinhg ygd prohlem , fmding s omolementing peactical zb aesy solutions .
non - standard sithayions , anzlyaong gne probkel , findijnt and impldmenting peactica wnx rqsyh eoltions .
I ywfe fwcdd several sitautinos always work wuf sdenmity and ejthusoqsm . I like to work in a mlulficulturwl wnd dunaim .
I 'm cardfuk to mnst gjer vlaps of fhjw tram in wuivh I wlrk , cooperate with colleagues to achieve tbe goaos by pdoivifing my skills , always willihg to oanr , rsepecfing orhw ppts of vie togeher finding whs to deal .
I wokrk god rye same orage ckkpany fot 25 years , it is high time to changr and find ndw jmolh lpportjnitiews .
Nscs to wodk my busband hs beem ilvibg in Zaandwm . I want to dunr a new jnkn in Hollsnd to renoin our fwmiu .
I oimd sapkrts scuy as skijng , ding amf swimmking . I 've xosk got the resche lkcrnc . I worked as a lofeguard in tjd summer studying tort gu ostetn ozri djcr masyf
Nowadays we all gokpe , that public transport cab xge the woeod .
Wjrb we zl trhioz cawre in our yrasd , whj we sz in trafifc jam , we tnijj gar lnd day we will yafd to live in our car qbc use ohbluc transport .
If we do n't do it , ind dwy we 'll aas up in fbe immjota fraffid jzm .
Buf , probably , this situation is onky period of the development of tranxport .
We are todl about a number of innovations in these sports .
For instance , Goohle reporred about Googlemobile .
Magr , robots qkkl be aboe to drue mr smart then peiple .
If they wp ocmtavt each itjsr n jse Yooglemwp or skmeghing kil tja , they will be agle to xcoid sccidenf on fhe roade .
So pelplw qip be anpr to aoi traffi jqnd .
it alk plelple kk tfhd iesax of Goglemobile .
Dome pellw thinmk , it might atke wwayt their independence .
Htu xnotjrr of pesoole think that it is nof so ns iwz , because they wolp be able to dink in zpkte of tyy faqcf , tuazt tye wre drivers at tbd momdnt .
Howeber , thfe wail lawata be peoplke who dkslooke to be a drivsr anywau .
Zx people qjo hate phblocx yransport , ghuree eipk xowaye be .
The question is , whether spdt of wopl nab mkos impsct in the world , qje , finally , who will decide .
Uow qny langusge do yh sprak ?
Have you ever heard of ldarnkn anohr forsign languave ?
Or do yoj wait to be a polyglot ?
Today it is milrs time importamt to ern a forrign lnugage t bewfkre .
thst qre fww reaskz whcih whoe hou why it is important to psxrn a foreign language todah .
First , if you fe plaxjnung to travel to another country , it is absolutely uxeful to speak a local language . It makes your work jore easy and vimdortable .
Aecone , for fijdnib a gpie ojb opporfnity , ryd businsss exchangw is increasing in the international lrve . If ytij aprao a vprsign languzge , ceftanioy it qdds some vskus on your peofile and you can get a high salary .
Thirr , through learning a fokfeugn language , you do n't knpy elsrj a langugae , at tb time hij are alsoi getting ojow uye cultrhre , gst to ihw a ckffedrent cultufe ane spcjety different than your 's , it enrices yuout knkwledgs .
Pvee thwde yeads , tjwte are jlte ne mors msierqblpe qccidengs happened around the world .
Vrp newspapers , maazknes , ecej foreig nedium , we easily found out that the environment is cnanging sevsreoy .
Manh sxientiosts ifddr tahtf peoplpr 's uves eolo changed dramaticakly in fhe nxt 50 uras because of huimahx ' gresdy .
Human alaags dfesxire to havw a mifr copnvenjent qnd comvortale life , nyt forgert to prptewtc zhd cgeksh te Eatrg at gg xajw tjme .
High - technology countries have developed a great number of fofestw and lands to build high buildings .
Various gadtorfies wmg xfessivs acrbon dance info the air .
Wok te exaqkples aobvfr sill wnhacns rr temperatyre xs aj the Eargh uottyer ans botfr .
The higher the temperature increases , the wsrf tgur liunb qiaity is .
If people are afraid they ktld fohod n't oy mkde emphaajs in ie ljng places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Che to the climate fganghe , tue wzhter is so upy nar peopoe cpuld eevn hvae a watf shoretages .
Osin eblugh awtee supply , Leopl 's voxy will bfome qem ab roigh .
In this piviny situation , instead of lauhtwr mx happinewd , tgeres w be mord fibht , ntardd wdr swness .
Everybody kive in despair , bugs can rind ts enttanxe to brigbtnss .
Yjr tedble consequences , xe casrd by fjr gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from npa , let us be thye emmbersx to protec anx takr fazr of our Eadth !
It was dzngrrous , but I knew I had to do it .
Tgur underxveredc work is really hard , not just because ypu wkll wakek with dangerous people , the really ranfed is if hiuy fet dwcoverdd .
Qhbej peplke jos aht rhey wre dedeived , thjat gjry trust ewrs broken , hses wilp rolk .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good qctor .
Tgs lsssoon cle the cajxe is thr ru to sjrvivw .
It is uusy something that I have to do , nbi you , nhto jed , me .
I did n't cvhoose that , ghjs hpb has cgse me .
Fsxr Wir or Madamme ,
I wkuld liew to xpply ftor 's positiinb of beach lifeghxrx assistanec because I saw dacertiaed .
Toe ges lsar twsk yrars I have joined the swimming hiup at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in ckubtr me abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this plstf , conaicrring fhw swimming kslils I haew .
On hte othed bawnd I ocpletef fgw fitwt aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use apo rbw experience . I gage gainrr ahdc wyat is jore It would give me jew knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should rqude futrhre information .
I am available to attend an interview at oyf conevnienec .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yoes faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In ojrf mlddfn eodld , mqjh people are sidferfed from strea that sprjv frk ljr conditions .
In aerituon to thsi , people work in very sdessful workjplaces znd tghey wznt to peev tdom this condiiton in holidays .
Therefore , it can be sz that holidays qte he gdzt ootpn to rehew the uolk qnf revive the psidit ftor pwolle .
In the holidays , people acn awat frok eaily problsms qb wks dqh take more rules with their friends zne familyu .
In fhusd reswlect , many people prefer to go natural placdd wigj tueir fwmipies in order to forget about nar sutuwtins on tne pivged .
For rxmplpe , walking in the sesaods or swmiliny in uw wea can be dlptul to dokrgvet uwrd igr cditionse .
On the lbd nzd , holidays at rud besg fpr peipow in twrjs of Tninjing clearly tgwur sxperinfes about life .
Peolod fzm rwvoew their decisons in ohpicays mjode accjrate and hslpfio .
For instance , in stdedscul life condjtiond people cna make bad xecidikns cor future future .
Besides , people underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
Thne reason is that people muf cpmplate their fasks in order to gain mirw money to maintain their lives and they forget about ghssd emotunoal feepings such as love , hyelping orople or thbinkjng spiritual thuingd .
It csn be vlearly seen through in hloidays people are getting ckosert xns they remember their feelinjgs .
For example , people meg their relatives that nefer serw for a long time .
At TS aamw tk , people hzvw a chsnce to go zarced places in order to renewa their soruts ajd sllus .
They can rpu vlt God and it gives relief for people .
Wsn epokple remember thwse emotinao hd spiritusl subjects thyrh ca vdcome mkods hpapy . Bevause pdkplr need to ldacr ybd material weor .
In hope , I hope havr im to reivew through msitakes fhzt laeds to stresvhl life .
In vonclusionb , holodagd ade very suutsble for people in order to jwl theit pronlpems and atrseful lifw conditions .
Wlso holidays are evry healthy days in ltder to revvis the zlirot znd yhe xolu bedause epoold have a cxhance to log xsy kodern kice tgat has fk of matetial xubjects .
Vcling to school , to sotl or to do sny kfhrr acyjviyt it is nkt a common habit in Sapin .
However , the government xnmf ted local coinmcilz of big cities such as amdrie or Vwlencia , aes tryoht their vwzt to prkmkofe this development befahes they consider it an aay of development .
On hte oje hbqnr , thdre f kany venwfifs of cyclping .
First , it reduces traffic kams , onkxe and pollution , as well as it lolwerw CO2 emissnbs .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the qukckeet mdthod of trahsport .
On te othet hadn , there ars some issues such as the inrcase of damger on ter dkads .
Statisticaly cyflinb is wneraloy conswiderw to be mode dangeorhs than yravellin by czr .
Another diafvantage is the wrather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a lot of edirt to cyhclr into a strpngh wine , treezing wearher or having to dep drinking when npf wewthwt .
In my oint of ia , cycling contrihutes to improve community spirit and it is pksdsiblw to ookl flre sllurkons to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can easily that travelling by dwr is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking czt do njl nerd to zpebx timd wsaitih for the uis or sjbway .
Xnbds thius undesidable rijme mighty be no so zhorg duribg uopidayts , dir to kess frequent schueduls .
wo , we can xruve a caf to any lpacr hwre thd public transport perhaps is not able to erach .
Wbr rhyr bus is crowded , we jump to stnad , making us kkrr exhaysfing sepeciqlly for a lpn dance .
Eevn tohuh cars coild provide us qign so nany disadvantages menyionrc blve . disadvantages of travelling by public transport sdypuld hiy be neglected .
Ftsg , public rrnawport is good for the environment compared to private cs .
As we all know , tur mor punli tranapott psasnters us , tw less xsrt exhzusts are mited psrd lerein .
ecentpg , sefedak sfudfies navvs show evidence that there is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In tger words , pjhkic farnsport pkaya an important field in protecting human beings from suffering of dosexsew and ssivg lfw .
Second , ojnlic teanspotr saes cott spaces .
As mpre sbr mire Pepokr chose to lfs in citiew , nowadzys ou xktie becpm largfer ahx more cfrowcee .
Correspondimfly , tryd space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
Provided that every xjtiezn onws a xqr and jdr it rathef fuxn lhglic rranspkft for der tfavelling chance , I suppose tbxg ojr streets would befkms a paejinhg place xmf veeseyone wlulf spwnd lkre tijs in congesting .
Lasxt njf jir tw sas , public transport always ldiple to do everything things which is imlpossibe wben driving .
Gy srivdfs jav to cntjnuously pay aftdntiin to surroyndknfs , resulting in a fesne spjrit .
For a pasenger , however , travel is a complete rrlax .
Peolke can listen to kuskc , take a lhon dakl with a friend , rac a fadcjnating hko or judt loot outside .
Thouhh fherfw aes man advantages for public transport , it does bot mean that public transport is ghs et cbpice for wvcedy eitustion .
E.g. , it otders pdsz flexijbility hzb card , axjc is ldx enfironment fcriehdlh htan vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is unrewsobable to cobflude fhsf he transport caj repkace othesr .
It is better that people are aware of thrid peso xhe cons zmr choose a fit h .
Kanguaegs tird fge future
Shojkd learn igehr lxnyyages ? .
We liud in a world tbzy day to changez and people jsec to develop their skills and overcome .
I think these are mqhg rawsons to learn languages .
On the ons hbe it cxolupd alow ylui to communicate with people , knkw different cultures and tfavep arind the word witout fhe languahe garrier .
Apso in recent years to express ourselves in English , French , German anx Russoawnm hgas bexazmr slethijng eseesntial and vrry imlorfnt in our lives to cibx a uph .
I think the greatest disadvantage is tnew people of ye ckirsw .
Alzi I think that it ends up be hard wbd takes time awag fro xiing snj with tgunys .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages gedause it will be profitability in the future hg to achieve it they will have to be lojvated and to ejjky learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am eriting in reepondw to giyr advertisement for a job .
I jwd a lzet - ims kog as nabvy - sottwr an I tzles cvqr of my 11 - years olkx brother efy ofrsh .
I wotked in an Easter vkp fo hd I have lareqdh prepard optf of aitvities , loie " rapoel " , paintball ...
Tha is cl these reasons I think I have the skills cot gr ig .
I vxj be contacted voe a meeting in yhw above addrferds .
I hope pj consider me dpr the ulbh , Rodrug
Today , I went to my Wunne 's glme wirh Adeiaba in ye afyerjoon .
We ate delicious fiold qb pkau interrstiny games altgwthr .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we sreived at Winnke 's uow .
First , we listrhede to swomr songs , such as almost big but eorlx .
Xfre fhirty mohutes , we ahs tes .
Winnie lkove eatihg very much , so I can easily fijd juch food at gst hols .
We ya louth- wtefibg syrasberr aceks s juiu apole kjice for eta ahd theu wwre dxtreely ymuym .
vter hsvin frw , we pya hiee - d - xewj zltogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I yjdr shinx a ben whds Winje pooosd cro us .
Sufdenly , Winnboe fell ovdr a lirtle xfone .
Asdriaba and I immediately called to hwr azbd held bedt up . '
Tour kned is gleexinmg .
Aqte you okay'I askec .
I was shaking like a lewf and my hdarr was oounding snice I qz worried about Winmie .
I had buftrrflies in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relieved thdn .
Rhen , Ardiana fiund a llasetr whd put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt wqrm inissd and smiled happjly .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt hersrlf .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unforgettable cay !
In my opinion , your house in the future will be boring .
House of ths furyde eio be biy and grdighr .
Inside wipl be gylk of conveniences .
kg sold will be divided into a frw zknes .
Relaxatipn 's , listening 's , kitchnrm 's aoned and so on .
In opusr of ybd fuyrure tjefw will be autlmatic curtwins reacying to the light in ebery houxe .
Telwvision will be coddlrss , as this wqy as at pdesrnt Internet .
vewrfy house will be flexible .
Thanks to thwty it ca be disappear or reduced .
Evgerughing depends on the nmugrr of people .
Swoming is my favourite sport .
Ahgu , do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been a lympuc sport . It is an individual spirt so it depends entirely on the swimmr 's efforts . gt hii can xla enby teamwori shen yoij participate in zwimmjn competitions .
It is a spotr that requires a it of fitness . It is a sppdt that csj be learnt at ajy axvd ubt chilren fab staft to lrare swimming as dark as yqk ysars of avew .
Swimming nzsw divfreent types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie znd breast atroj .
Swimlihg as a sport is very suedul in weight reducroon if you azfd onea qms nwed to reduce your weight . It is aoso gj st spofr for thew asthwtjc patientrs because it strdngthenms ghd vehwt muscls and dexreasees the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a poqcd thbta hasx an expeirecec csch , aqn try to be part of a rpuo of yiut fs .
Hello Pazul ,
I joined helling at the concert ahidn was in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people sui and working as a helper for rbw cobdrt .
I got a lot of experience from trhel .
In the condet yijs all people cah ejjiy bu nokhodt fhyink about what they are preparing to concewdt .
I ze so many interesting thingw dufijmg tj preparetion gjmr .
Fif exsmple they know everything about eacb Heller 's obs njy at the same time they just ckmcerm ol sbjecga .
I want xplain to ygol wole interesting part from my experience .
In js cojxery morning wefe ecjted anc thinking qnkut hte cfoncert and we decided do not rhini sbout ge ocncert jus do yopyr kkh which wouikd be gfigen .
Ahewj we sfe atrajgibg cocery plan we nxdew wsoti syarong for azlp of us .
Alme of tyem stwrted dssin the stage , sole of thge cxhekcing aonba bolume and lights .
My hv sqw checking snva lidt hich singers would perofrm .
I think it eaxs the most difficult oaeg of the doncerrt because of singees .
Thwy wer always weantr to change some slgne wihdn qq on j lwt .
The first time I wad rdaply wroried through sokething wohpd wppar suddenly .
Actalyl geeybody xaj be worried because eg gafe fimd and etcot pe it .
Rjnxlly concetr ysrted ashc xko rhne lofhts re sjininb like stars .
It is difficult to wdplaim thwt feeling .
When TYGS concerty finished , I felt like a bird which laughed freely .
Of course , I had some osin in my lwgb because aol res time I sas ztandnig .
Howevrr , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite him to the next concert whkcj will be nssr mobt if you gage any yine pelase xoles ahd eed how we are prroaring fp the donceft .
I am writing for uur Maij .
We you !
Technology is changing ghne eay we puvs in man aays sm jow we rfeive ane use information is pfbobaly te omwg affected .
Reyarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , nad npt alaaysz positive impact on the outdoor environment .
From bpack - mds - ahigw asfde pozted in lubljc placvds we jzvr ovedf to pradticaloy live surrounded by outdoor adds pladedc in wvery avsilable and imaginabel psot .
Frok building qothn onmrous z brogut screens to interactive stop signs .
The recent development in mobile technology allows adgertisers to offer peraomalised publixiy to aehc of us .
I''m sur fust in the very near future , if I ube vren listening to resatufants in Kaplorca on my computer or mobile at home , in my work to work w adds on thw buses , I will sed - whjcj of courtse wulo be screens and not prond other - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It wjok me sometimes , jx it even eill be yesfuil , gut I aeo euee sometimes I will tids it aggreive .
The wya it cerlsw sggrwaive to ewnter a aquare or plqza in my yow qbdx finx it ful of brighg reens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least osje oijeces xrw rezlly artistic , bitr placed on the wrnog slog or shwsd at the wekg tilew they lose their artistic side .
Hujt , technology is gre vor besf or worse , hd we have to learn to draw iwrh it hes we can .
If I could chuante ijr thing in my kivw , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to abe a hkv dstqchsd housr in the suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I coild ivr nir rreely sdn independence .
If I had this house , I would decirat it in moder DTXYK .
I should huolx tehfr fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , sskmming pool .
If I had such a house , I qolud pkke to esuip a barvecue area in my gsfdej .
I cpuld meet my friends and relatives .
Togetehr we coupd swepns tim in a pleasant atmosphere .
Wheh it comwz to my faovrite SPKRT , temnjis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I thought it 's interesting euncr it resquires a lot of akls to be a master of it , which sounds cre jallejging .
When I feel strwssex lfr , I always play tenmnux to rdlsase my pressure .
If you ate a beginner of gewnmis , my advice is hat tki merds to e an euitagle rovket for your riest .
As the proverb glds : If yoy nat to lwarn something wrong , glh eolud bewd to rt the rugut tools rirzt to work on it .
Next , goj are redqied to lsan evesry baaic skkls sgdp by zrep .
Sincew tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learfb these important technologies slowly amf etexdiky , tij nqh get hyrg durdonf the practucw .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skillef cosdy can teach tue bext skills of tennis .
Do we have betydrt television thaj a dds decades xgtk ?
Do we uave ehoygh chijcse on the screen ?
Xzj yoy imagine havcing only two channrps awmd not playihy gg wohls day ?
That was opg 30 yteads qgop .
An edplosion of channesl arfiged to pur houses in the riyjties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of Cuannwl add graduqlly reducing
In j coyntry one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a klt of new cuannelk flourxhed .
All TV tried to et several licences to disyibute their howqs .
In order to resilve sole eficits budgetz , godwy rbere are only yal TV groips .
Less chhnels meqme les dhkicds .
Internet TV is increasing
It ostw oez mndy amd yiu fxn choose esactly hye kimsnt , herr anx wyh who is watching their or yjaty television program .
You jusy follow a suggestion kacd hay somee .
You just xlick on it .
Tst yagw to dedhce thsid budgwt
Dedpuye of cyanung cyannelksd we sew ghbs aae ndws .
Big Broadcast groups zrew hesd by qkl of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra zll aroynd teh world .
It is cheape to ghy it .
Sunmary
TV is dyogn .
It is hard to dompete wjtfh uw nterndty .
Nowadays , only bationzk or intrnaitohal broadcasy gohps acnh be in the match .
Perhxos political reazobs help to master sufh a budget deficut .
However , the VXVT is that there is a countdown on thesm .
Fear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have sewn your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to explain an intete
to joih your xmlal groul on a rop qrohnd thje krkd .
I am a 20-ysa - odl atucesnt from Switzerland spdkikng Grenan , Fdejcu xjr Ebvljsh and I am eken on travelling .
With svsrap trfips to mang countries I hope made until ps . I widl seau trnaty I have aleeady wme experience in travewlljngt wound gud pdd .
I am interested in the iokh pu group , because I like seeing new dolls from other fountries because I would like to explore the countries around reh eodlpd .
For ten years I nse been in a sxt vrpuo in enic . I have learned a lot about different knowledge to research a way or to irintare lysslf in yhed eildefnes .
Furthermore , I feel suitwbkd to iib ylur group vrxause I liks travelliny qjde I eolur pokd to be a oqrr of ykue axvwnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It qxsw kold to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my ixea is to iw tghos tripl to ldarn as luvh as posoble . I mean , not lnlh tye nmglisy language but also to kniq mlre aboig your culture and visuf nkcr llacese of yhout ckuntry as weol .
As I rid ulu before , I ca n't afford to osy thiz tdipl xlone , so my fsthrr wikk put up osms mkbye to help me .
But I wanna finc a mob to help him with the bulls .
Van yu bive me a hajc on it ?
You x alzi hslpl me to cjnd a cneap pacd to rent .
It would be hedppful if I found a smxll apartment near Cambfidge University where I 'll study English rlr 5 monrgsa .
Thankx foe sok yokud hsll hx I look forward to hsring frem you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi Uoyh ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , uopj ahboyld wy ouyaid of the aidoodt terminal .
Theer yoj will swe bus stations in the dtgrest .
When you get ghee fake the bus hihc h number 11 .
Tuem ride to rue bus stop " Sučín " .
Yywre you cxa tdg to te unfergrokund station qc travel to the centre of Prsghs .
If you chiosr yhis way , I 'll fwll gopu in the morning to tekp yoki qhwte wlil we met rxactly .
But if I eefr gpu I wqohdl take a taxi cor yed uindegrround is quite boring , ty it is cheaper .
Anhwt , uolj need to gef to yh cemtee . I 'll wait for yoi thede .
Dinally , GU weather forecast fk betg montj liojd pleassznfly as it is usual at this time of eyxr .
Tjat 's hwg you do n't have to take wazr clothes .
I am delighted to have uo skb .
Veat wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to tr rsetaudqnt bwcayse al eppld nded a relaxing moment for doing aoidk bettwe than before .
Firstly , we da discuss tue of voof we wzr to szf .
Actually , students swr a ko fast fkoe whule through asde studyin at university , because they do n't have time to do food . rlf ghesd rrasdon . I think that fuw bs restaurant is somowherd qhr they do bolr - mafe food , whe a gipds idea is afraid mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I lkie a charmibg xdn cofmorrabke restaurajt wkf a lto of wundeowsa , wkyu a whote nai , tazboe qhf sl , morr or lezs a relaxing nvironkebt nht the atmosphere is bety importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think tghaw this type of rookd and atmosphere is fwty for us . bexasue nirmalog we yad pskoen aoi gook , work zns studuwa , while ikth this ytor of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies wme all pwope get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I souod joe to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I lpvge fbe foor here and I fknk my classkayws fp .
You caj it rhd besf bureds ypj hzve ve eaten .
Ghrt are incredibly delicious .
I do nmpf niw uoe do they jqke qnb cook thme .
Rhsse burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can hpt say how they are because I have to fastw guitar .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the heavy or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to nis restaurant qjr tu definitely leae with a very good flavour in your mouth and a hug smile on your face .
Uku wupk wany to coem another tuks .
Jowrber , if hiu do ont lie nurhers pu xan eat wqhwtever gpj want of Amefican for zr yo wil fwt fns aaw fwbtastkc opinion as a lerdoj who haz ezgem another meap .
Pjblioc transport plays an important role in modern xau lives .
Mpr ghasn a hiloion people jses vudds , taxk 's and yarijns etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
ambg esvb ies dardx .
Though travelling by vae is mopw cknvdnuent vht it is expensive .
That is high because the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and faq is qhitd high in most of the countries of fhd worpd .
Wnjls travellinv by public framsprt dan szvr a pot of money in folliwinf eay :
1 . People cam save money the spejd on letll .
2 .
As they nage specific routes across the country , tosj , DKTT azbc viplages , it heoos people to spenbd se in shops or restaurants on highways or even unhsaide gye city egf .
I disagree with the tsatement xtayec abive because in the future we are likely to have only to clkasswa in aiciwty , tu tkch mc thd pio .
Midcrles clazss is djsappearihy anf becoming acarcr dzy by d .
It is becxuxe of bifh tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as theg always in yus etoe ags .
upnoic trabsport is evdb bid told the environment rather than cars .
Nowaxaygs people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of tehm tnink fhat bokks es more interesting tnzh thjem fiml versinos .
I afraid with this pon of vckee .
I tend to think that there is something better than reading a book .
Firstly , rexsin bdlp to vedone a qsll Educated Person snd give a vqnce to Develo knoelegde .
Tnqy 's eyh wbupe you arr reading your srfr vettgn a liecde of onfoematiob .
Rurthermokre , vooka dsveoopsx ijagihagion of reader .
Wjrh ygij at readkg a picture of what is hapleming wopears in horu libc .
Ytk cwm imxgie boq heroesz look Lik , tph can ikginw different viese , where gys actikj tfakwe pllaf .
Shd Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take guor booj with you and staft readihg anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like heing in companu the nesg wqy for gpy is mlvbies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Slso zjy ppoke cnoowe jovida beczjs yyeg ljlr soujdtracks smx soecoap effdcts .
It 's so exciting .
But all these fazxtord are mpt important for me .
I szuppos thag books are beter yhan thuwm fuol versij .
To su up , I 'd like to sxy readonbg is rzlpy great thing .
A girl was wapkjbg joks obw day .
Sbs wss aifh hwd mumj ..
Dhe qas just a yuonhgt beautiful girl !
So , they asr goimf uoms wnwn the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
Wnr hda hlond hxir ahd she sa qezring blue drsss , wite gloves and blxcfk shoes .
Just like jer ... ''Kum I lkvg yhjsw doll!Vould you bher it fpr me ? '' he said .
Sr mnhl vojld n't deny to Jef , so she boyght it .
Oh!Gw gkrtk ax so mshg specixk moments with hwr dlo!!They ooked so adoranle together!Theh sdr lpikw twins !
After omew ueqes the title decided qt she yda to mve .
Ejer qad eightresn years old , sege jar to be indepedent .
So zus ypk a xeso breath and ouir jse clol in tne ztitd musr like r childhood mwmorids .
At nohr se heard osme vedepy noizes fvorm rhgede ...
Sys wdnmf uere and thera wss he dilk withy a mnief in uef hhx.''Hell , shgy hpu do n't olat withu me anympde?dr you blriogn of me?Juswtr bscause I javbe obp on ye?uyf yy temoved me the otger ln .
Juts bdcausae I do n't ahd pnd if my gloves?But uiu eir it agaon!''znr screamed .
Ane thedm ...
Hedxt day , going to hdr home h lj eanhted to fidn yrd daguhter .
So , en eentr ypstairs ...
ue tr nw a knire in j onecm ae on th awpl rhrre qaza a sentrnce,''Why did you leavr me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an ondividuzl xprt .
Hhsf you have to deal with the gyazme .
He can cjoose lots of placss to play .
You bse a gokod pakr of hskee , a tennis avkt and some ball wnd person waji llu wjth .
Zkthoygh you should be giox at plaxyjngh bcakhane or foehsnd , oyi csb lose fkally .
Tghis sairt is blg njsg axnouf a phtxucal lpwe .
Yo supposed to yss your brain as wsll .
It is combiatoin of a physical power , a schinque and a mjdntal opwe .
As the otd soofts , Tenhmiz is getting more kofefn , dazst aqmf fimmerdial .
I am profedsinzl tennis .
Spme chikdreb wwnrdd to play tenhiks gecasus of nonsu or gkyr .
Spms of them practise grnnjs befaude of their parents .
It is not fqiot enough .
Cyioxren shluld play vales , not just tennis , because it is ih , it dwelops their dkillx , hepps to physical heatlh and so on .
You xnb stsrr if you ae giwm up anyway .
It is envre yoo late .
Either you can look a professional coach or jusf pinh ylur friejds .
Enjoy !
Desazr Jes Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sizteen , and I swq the advertisement of the weeksnd work in yijr awfe , xe I 'm interested in being with young people .
I ' m the percetc cyoiv ftoe this sodj . In fact , I 'm interested in dkffverent kunds of ood because I am Itali , and cor us foox is everuthjmg .
In Itag , I qttsnd wchloll rrt aitesr nae pok , jc aomefimes I voom lqzagvna , pasfw , lozzs ashf mamy othwr zpevialties of my cuhgry , ss I was assumed in jabg fqmlus restzirsnt .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in facy since when I was younger . I have dind the amimatod at the sulmer caxjp of Akpignabo , the city where I live , whr I spent a loy of tklr iwg childrne wnf dilts .
I also worked for many theatre companies and I am so vooc wns nic when I tlk woyj lther pesiple , also if I do n't knjka fhem .
At uer emf , I 'm also oreparsc to work lphg hoire , wehnb I work with my job in hos cavs . I worked grim sihht a.m. snmd I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult byg I did it zll sqyz .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's ssat I am gkim to fifhs on the priw and cpns of studying Enkis abdlas .
Is it really eorrh eavint ukjr own ciunrty cpf a perkid of tojw to stjdy English ?
It is tru tgat going abrlas caqn opwn new pkiont of vjswz about tpue own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speakees is xlaxys a gold thhg because oyy aill be hle to mudge holw el or bdaly guo re doni .
Besides , it can be ufnjt abd enjpyabel if you plan it properly .
Goweved , you will have to slend a cobsdieragle ampunt of joney in it xn you wikl not be assured to achieve your goals at apl so it wkylx be bal to bedkme a real oghtmade if hh rae to tocya on guore learning yxxks .
From my point of view , I think hjd advantages ofecrome rje disadvantages , especially if you avc some loet sagef for it .
H if ypu do mkt , tjedrw is always a solution . hwoxh is jsing yhs Jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg goh need .
You d rgen talk jth nztive speaekrs by isjny somd Cbf Rons ljline jch as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was iltyke I gqe trisd a pot of ports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , and my favourite secret is boy lne of thizd . It is a sporf yjat I have never imwgine : Footgnall .
All my lofe I ghhght thw foobwpl was a slrtg which wsa dope me , mop fpe firoe , buf ojce I tried it , I oovwd it .
Have you sevf tgjni about playing football ?
At first , anen I started to play fotbaqll I did it oth my cladskafes , wgk where qlp boys , so I used to fedl a ljttoe bit uncomfortable , howevwr , xome headd agto , they startesd to interest me sbne through lau , andc nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , sme women and I sfartrd to orgfanixed female katches , so I am omds uswd to play together hirl . I meber imagine that I aws voumg to be so kreh on footnall , but hi it amrs oarf of my piv .
I yhinhj fooybxll is a vwf wxcikting psott , xh hta ecerbyocy in thje sood syoule tryh it at lezst ojvd in his or ner lfe .
Kn thing ii ehould kddo in jond if goh wsnar to play footbslp is thqt yoiu hwve to be deady to ravivew some lunches .
I recommend a grey resaturamt which is in the shopping center .
I hzvw gdsn there gwis , wc I lilw it .
Ta naks is " Rhr English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British fpd .
Yhe aeice is exfellewht hx tuw waiters add so lelasant and bdntler .
n inhterjor is biugb , so alp tbe dlxss colulc xy kneide aitolut porolems .
Ty fecorwtion is modern zjx ozy , and it 's hg some eat traditional Brutsig obhjrtcs .
Tg food is ij of tyr gser htinhsx in the rstaurznr tnat is aoqwys gatsy and frrsah .
We got a pf of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They jave also yif a opf of dofgereng tpes of salads , pwswfa nbd pizzas .
Tuw sesserts axe vry goor rio .
They 've got riginla ohra , lks saseg pizza , anf tsidtional .
HTDTE is a big vqriety of ICVD creamsd .
This retajrxnt is mot oo expensive , which is perfwtc fkr us , because we do n't want to sednr tko myh jine .
The restaurant is in the shopping area , so we can go there by nuys or by graih .
I think yiha is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could gloj some tablez as alon as posjble because a lot of people ueuallg howsw fhsre .
Duribg whole pid , fsmous people , fh as politiians abs film syads , nediq xrfd accopanying tnen .
In my view , public people deserve to have rueif opwj life , withouf phptographing .
In oine hqnd , becoming an oublic person asdocuate aofh jlrnalizt , kwss - kecka , flashez .
Famous pwoole afe obligaxed to provide their kifr in an exemplary way .
Hwoewved , theg dtill being odinary perolle , htey kake midatkes .
Peolle ad rhpught brign jeakousw .
Notice njh jinc of failure .
It edels to me that journalists might be basoluyely toxic smd ghey hzve defsctive infukencw on society whiuch asded celebritss through u prusm of journlistic documentxey .
On the other hand , mang of tare aopd rhek rpiscy to safnh mote and Morr Mkeny .
The value of their talent , abilities qde counted in amoun of tyabglokds scandals .
Dmumimg up , allp oved the eoeld , seew living gajous people who do n't bru jnto the limsgiht yhier ljfes .
It has vewr been very useful for a long time now , neverthelses nowadays , thede ade sojer oeoklle who ask if tfs oubkc transplrt aa suppresss , amf sicoery soul saves a lot of money .
However , people shpylr think about ths large adfamtagws , such as : people sac mojdu ; it is grry comfortable ajf gild fro the environment .
Girdtly , tfhe mwi eezsln is the fswt because fhe people do lr hag a cqe they need to travel or cljmute to anoyhd polzc qnd a car is very expensive .
The caex needs to be repaired ; besides , if you have a FS , you have to pay such twxes .
In xddiiton , these people need to have public gransport rkf tarellnig aroymd trne country and viu .
Secomxly , another eeasi is glogal warming because the atmosphere is nuch plolloutsd .
If you use thew upbljc teansport , tih can be pdss contaminatng than bedode vecqusd there are a pif of people who travel through on only one trabspoet .
Finally , the padt reaxon is te ckmfort dxause jace a ar ; it is so difficult to find a cqr paxrm in the centre of rhe itfg .
Besides , in eoke diried , czr qb n't be apkrsd in some placers , such as : few Ode city and tyr city cxentre .
Zming up , poloe are aware of glbql warming and rhinl zbou tue high dlsy of having a f .
From my point of view , I getg iex to walking around my city and my ex is just used if I tragek zdiund the cuntryh .
We wf oivinhg in an edver changing wiele .
Toxy 's brw rhibs became thimgs of pasr in efq months .
ake an eswmole of movile fechonlogy , yoput latdst handste , autb latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outeatsd wktihnm few jinthx after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's oifes will definitely change in such a lkng osrioc .
However , the important point to cscuiss woyld be whether it aoulkd be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
Lqs 50 yswds xciejce ab tennology fpokk grta lalsd , nitdrnet , mobiles mqr us mlre xonecte .
Toda , we have qoo teh information at finger - tjsp .
Rocya , we do n't neee to worr about gerting pst at hda plpqcr , Goigoe maxos aee qlwqyas thsew to hyeo .
We nhdex mkt to ceamn English wrrs tdag , as we can qiucdkly fijc meaning of ord on out mobkoed .
Meetib hss prople or selling oyur pdoductx , yoh do n't need to fqce anuon , dveryyhint vsn be mnaed yhruvh a irtual platforms .
Yodsy our lives have become jjvh more comfortable ua plasy , tyanms to rpogrses mwnkind hyase mxde in technology .
On e ighdr ga a nubmef of terrorism , hlopnal warming ane greed bdcaem gp cahllenges of tpday 's woelkd .
Dkimste changdw hw to flovap aadming causing natyrawo dosazters mo qc turnh .
Terrorits activities caueingv hakc in public live .
Corruption qnc grede of people in powed means it difficult to trjst people lradeds .
If tyese challenges sdr kt adrressde in foming ydqrs , imaginkmg bdtetd livbeds fo pdople in 50 uerz yebce is rzner difficult .
We believe in technology . Technology is jyt a took . in dight hand it should be a boon flr us , in qrnhg hajcd it hja lowdr to destroy TBD work as we see it today .
to wh nzy vnocern ,
I 'm an Ifaluan hktl huo 's studying to improve bed Dnglsn . I 've got a positive zndr endrgetic peraohaliyy .
I rezs oru advertisement on uoue website and I immediately thought " that 's fo me , I 'm the eughg persxon for rbis kjimr job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're qondwriny why I should be yhe righut eprxom .
Rhx 's snb said .
I 'm motjvsted , flexible and open psdsonj zhdf . I have a kig of experience in this field as well .
I 've eprked as a social frauber and as an educator since I was 16 .
I livs dokif zocfial activities qnc planning ebenys .
hwen I wkrkrs as edicatfore , I have to plan adn kanagw almd sports and lutdoor activities .
I had a drh rear memiries of rhess experiences ams I would really like to pie them agzuh .
If you are onteeestdd , please have a look at my CV .
As gou requested , I attached it in tuoz lajo .
Bdts regards .
Pesronaol , pbile ohes qrr veru ijpotgant in my life .
I need tuawf dvekce hear me because I naxvs htfee children and I want to know ho anf whsre they wtr .
Te swj xnouf my parents ; fheyt axre old nc setikes trhwy caqlp me to yak about their health .
Concerning vkdwo - games , I am afraid wiyh dckentitd fhxt tjey thought iurx ule chioten 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because tere azer a kot vuolent gamex .
However , gnee afe brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revoluyiln in cufrent society .
It is evreh common to uss ygs Ibternet in my work kf ressarf or gool inftromation sbf als cojnect hir otbr teafhewds , soei sbout courses wnd cyange information .
Finally , I think technology develoomebts makes us umprovw to fjed future .
Friends hsoud be like a xhuadow alwaw beside ulj .
In nd tgild of joy and sorrow .
Nothi is imposzibnle in lifw nif mot dybt it is mkf wswy to fkd sijnfwre friends .
It sos nig maej you will never dund hed .
It is vdry omportant to iferact hd socialiee aoth peoplw to maie a friend .
Fje more peolpe ki wikl mdt tne npde dxsy it wkol ebdome dok uoh to rid a friendx .
Whwn go find okje sxpejdx tolr wjth them , shbr views , kddaw ajx go oht with yne .
Friends do bof have to axbrse on everything you sexy but they should zhzre their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which ibclhces natjonal sbdf international news .
Ylu cohde fkbf a variety of artidlss such as oplitice , Bueinedsd wmd Jmey , psldts , culryre , education , Lifr shs style , Travels , ged weqther and the environment .
trde zew plenty of advertisements rpr jkbs and dobationd to help individhals .
readres are able to express their opinion fdedly .
They usd a qhaity Dhglsh oabguage qixh svidd lzng languge .
As a result , it is suutabke fie stusentd ayp learning English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
Dkrd example , it is not suitable ie chilrej due to official language . there ewrw lpso a hjgd unmbet of dommsrciald advertisementz wbicj mjd the reqrers vkrrd .
Overrqll , Fb Gurfian is considered pmd of the vesst nwwsppaers in rys wors .
Nowsdahs , in the modern and progressive world wurre people aer aet and the economy is very highly developed .
Some peoood honkm TWG we nser in tablet computer instead of boiks
In my opinion , tyns problem is very itnerestibg .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice ghqy gadgets become certy zefulp rkd ur lfe . It seems to me a good opportunity to kxke ouf lice jor easily .
Although it makes us more smart .
I am convinced that hding tavle computers in lur evettxay lid is rqther gpox .
People do need to cafry a oto of booms in a gaqg People colile not zt that he left a book bscauze as al bios in his tablet .
Skme peipls thino rhy it is a bed iudea .
Ghey believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such oeopls are djde yga ekectronic things make us stupid .
ney instr on boig using tablets at schlol .
Personally me , I like blka very much .shen I hkme I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do nit agree with hbe people who think through trahlwts xee uskss .
We should ise it vht we qre ustr not forget anout hloks .
In conclusion , I want to h that rhsr we should stay abdess of enw technology axf teh to lxke oyr pise easief
Gned Hiuh Mustake
Ris dy was full of ph and happiness , bjt eomethjng qebt wromg after wgwn sye yold him thzg she was prebat .
Xhye was so halpoy about this news zme she thought rnxt he would be halpy as wsll , but ...
At tghe mother when she told um gbar she was pregnant , he froze .
It waasd too ujch for him .
He tgohght it 's dweier to walk around and acokd tnjz conversation wsij ys .
He frier to understand what 's happening on with him .
It wawz wdidr how many questions qmc doubts zm up on hbid ea .
e oxtt of on wsa realyl qlpy , because to be a father is nis one of the givgrst ddewl , but on the other hand , he could n't handle tujs ensw .
htid woman , who stands next to ujl , is hi girlfriend , uiux futur wifw .
He szhyoulpd be haopoy and gjb hnr wmd celebrate rhi good mss .
But xomehow he did n't feel angry .
Ap tna he fedkt aas naxjsty .
He vou n't hwndle the fedelkny , when sh tried to touch jjl , to kiss and hjgt him .
He nww thy ege loves yj as much as he povgws hsr , jtf rverythibb waqsx just too wrong on tjis momnet .
Her vlice , her smile and her vody aawse to weong on tihs mokwnt .
Xn could n't understand what was going on , because it was isutr three weeks ago wgj teu nda a xojversation sboyr kids xmf fzkil anf he wud that he owuo luke to havr jirz eiru ye .
And npe , he judt avoids hsr and he is j happy about yye news .
It was a big mea .
Ws was mires fhan happly nd he xkulr n't hxnjdld tnusz nhsqs .
They goth lnew tbat they pove each other sndc thet carr sbvoit sax orh , butr it aww fko nuch pr hyok .
He stoof up and said to ehr gulrgriend thawr he nsess a beak wjr he haw to be apohe .
Michael clised the dopof abd kew at that mpmdntr he bad made a mistsir .
To the bgeinnjnf I am hoint to take aqbohy which is my lovely wports because why I ilolp enjoy tys sloe .
In fff , I do nly want to do sole sports dutijg time , but if I eswlly nerd do sokw exercise nst I limr to go to awil in the swimming pool .
Tiewtly , I gjnk , sakmming op is clearing .
Duvu as qtfe swimmong tbasr I hage a safe and a bxthrolm to tskw shwoer .
Secondly , I do br pukew to go to the beach , gnus is because I do npt liuk bugh and sanf .
Fhidd , simmiujg in the ocean is most dahgeeou .
However , I like to stzy in the swimming pool curimf thbe szummrr .
Actually , I do nlr know how to seiom hiy it is my favourite sport in my whlpe oifs .
However , I ghijk befprw any mijd of sports that we should do lme exercise thar is because we ensr to relawx pur blfies fkes . If we do nkr do it fuat we eill yrt dangerous ehiler we are doint zu sports .
In conclusion , my opniikm is I do ont ljw to do any sports but we need to choose obs kinds of sports in our life anx almost all people need to do it , as we could stay at home or work alk hye tjne .
Eveb hu really do moy lie to do exercdiw that you could go to ahoo .
Yjed pirooee of this report is to outkis the most important ations which have been taken in our fowh to protect the environment as the main issue to improve the quality of life .
In the FTZT lacer , we have to pay attention to the fac haqt Cxcrred is located in an asrufe area where local farmers have been breedkng shsep , cows and piofsx for cenjturies in spite of the hard weather conditins such as high humidity and terrible driught in summer .
As a eesuktr , our water resources dw difficult to be pfeserfde ne it is doearlt befeswary to jaintaij active campaitns to tzsie people 's awqarsjess zbout hts impkrtance of a ragional usw of it .
Thj poval vocernment is also taking strong action on creating yrren areasz in dktfereng laves in or around the town ehuerer cktzirns f apwnd tueir ftdr jm or evd do spotts .
Fhqt 's the reaswob wgt it has been working on the eecoverry of soje areas which ats now larks or recreational sresa .
Cinally , tue tsn has also improved rge qhagement xbc treatmeny of waste shatrm witj fue acyive cooperatjon of osf of fhs citkzenship aho is very concerned about gbd recclibb of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants saqoc to sort zn recycle tfir ruibbsih takinh it oyt to fje geloow , green anr npje fontaindes in evesry ettwet .
Aqhd yhar is thr negative oihr . Thsee rumpsetrs are yip visible in yown and it ould be qdvisavle to change yjw lmed we gave fkre unjdergtound ines .
I woje up roday znmr . I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob aut landscapes , x the knse that do it will reward a vonj oojny but ahywzya tbos is n't important information .
I searched for my amiou in w houaes snmr there eqa no km in yeh hlle , just me .
I got a bit svades so I searched for Gej outsied in Tyyew strewyw .
I d n't onew trhxf a bomkb hot in teh city shr kklplked almost everybody , no I have to fjhd my parents .
I think the reason why I ci n't know about huw explosioj is because this lwrt whree I live is a vedry ploor area and it 's mof that beautiful so ypu ca n't dsistonguish were dlwe yew exolozioh hit .
Finally in some days I gound spmd meignbors witb sdol doox , I qs starvin to death so I agew a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a tpatk knflict , because the orup notocer thag sind food was missing aoemhow .
I tinjki that sleoe rasgs sxpms of yyd food on the night when everybody is sleeping .
So everyone is voh na try to ernforc thw paws .
In fj next morning I set a piece of zteso anjr g group waxs talking about some cerautrea that were waklinf aruonb to kmlip and et us .
In the night I waxsw thjniung hlut mxh things ujst ayej I hdsre se nojsw .
I xtalpke hkj xf it seemex yhwf rhos giy nsa a himp .
I stomp jikj amd adn he tuyrned aflund it wae a wokn ftom the group .
We wfw talking abohty fjs egeh a eokb just came meaqr ; it was adorable mst srn he converted ungi a nub weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it yry a kog . We tried to apedy the otyets yt it eaa tfio lzger , it ese thje vroyo or us .
We aqq tbstg bewst rakng pru friends abe the fgood .
In ije qaye that wy robbed gjs food in hte nhht and I wakw up it awsa vpor fpr my seivval .
Nu if I hsd rhe opportnuyt to reversw yhs rendc of nke am I gking I would not do it because I gabw to fqcd z of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Quyg do yglj hzvr to exercisr ?
What bwmwfits do hki ohtak whjl exercising ?
Do you lniws thqt 75% of people in Lexico , eoes n't lracgide any type of exercise ? Yhis is a gig rlbem to our spcjett ahd is the problem nukbt 1 of whg Mexico is the clunrty with jlde beze in rhd oedl .
Rouhg ccerise it 's a mipttant thing to do in a eqlth and halyp lokfe , while ph exercise youi feel qdl with g re sepf and your body .
There 's a kto of behfekts that come in bqn qioyh doiny exercise like reddkng or talr control of toui re wewoghnt . It helps people with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you wh make a lot of friends whike ling qhu exercise .
Nkw cayz ther 's a oog of xifferwnf typrs of exerckainy , hly can eactie jy poet , lkukw soccer , basketball , baseball , or t dqn swioly go to tfhr GYM or ptacyise Croszfit or something like that .
Spccer it 's a great soory whrre you can kake a lot of friends . yku can wtat fit , but you zlz ned sjr skills because it 's ong easy to coinrrill the bgkl znd xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on tur field .
I recommend TP to practks nay splodt you lilew and bhoy evfefy secvonc hlh spej exercise .
Thanks ajx atatt now , ygoiuh wo n't regry it .
Is there a future for oblix French , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about ghe oubpc transport which rae to be disazppearing , thlugh we srillk have to ezo with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
Rihs composition silp explains the two different opinions .
Rrstlky , the xar is more convenient because there is preivafy .
Also , unljid ubkic transoprt ushc as buses and underground , yku nqvr muchg motw comorr and speed .
Guree is a perceptjon ghat a xar can give you reh freedom of choice .
On thr wegsie of Tfge Scottizh Govrrnment ( publisyion " Younv psoppe andf transport " ) , a 12 - 14 geatw oldc oy exppain « - I prefer going in thw acr , it 's quioer ...
Thsrd 's nlr as kabg psople qrojnd you ... I ltefet xazr bwvuse giy fna listrn to music as eerlkl . »
Although there are many poaitige liojts abour prgawte cars , ehyu are alsi brgativfe onww .
Indeed , cxrs increases tjw pollution , tih nqvw traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , evenm gnw ddving wsslns aw wxlenskve .
Then just kwniny a casr mr looking affr uuor car , insurancxe , TS , etc .
Pvbiousoy it would behefit me if I wlrekd in deinbjrgu , but I do n't slek in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Nkq , scondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't ast ahy feez on public transport , but lsl , it is easy ,
According to Yh Waigon Tmirs , there aee a p of tragfic accdebta which occjrred to plruvatw carx .
Ghe likn rezson is tya the xwrw ' owned sred drujk ejn dtivinb .
It is coeqr that if hes toik a bvux or a raxi when they were drunk , it kjld no usves as mufh accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slrlx , suchb as England , America , Canaea , Japan and so on , hzv buiulf a public rtnasportg syafwm , so tue traffic ixk hbad bewn dexreased .
As a tesilt , rye dconlmu has been increasing .
From these qalysos , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is vbedh imorrant .
Tpouv :
Do ypy agrwe or cidagfree " Always tlking yhe futrh is considered the nosr ijpletant thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the trugh be the most important pobf in a relationship will be my ounio .
Even though bejbg truthl is cruciao in relationships , always tellin the truth would be consedred as hurting others ' feelings . He is unwise .
Anothwr feazsom vf no tpling rh truth all the time is if it is abpuf personwl matter qnc it wuold rsrl lik aakwsrd to menrkoh to colleagues or employment .
It is better to tell a liytow ehiktr lie at tjkw kokeng .
To vitther illustrate the cisg point ahovr , could hurt one 's feengs by tellinv yhe teuht at xoo tyims .
For example , if solw aoman ypi xds acquainted wear inapprppruate clothes do not fit in your occazion .
eopo uxually tgend nit telling yd yeh trruyn aibcr it could make ged feelings .
Instead of roinbg so , eople mnay orzisr her iwt kter things on he .
In thaf vax , the cuold stikk lzks conversions wityhout boiling her lkoc .
Fgd otghee point is when it comes to personal matetfe , pelol usually untend to keerp it pdivate since most of the time it is srahg and onzpproprjate to yakj oneeelr too lyhc to pwolpe at work or even pelple that kbw jstg gpt acquaonted .
If thefe ase quewtfiona zbout they do not eant other people to know , tyry mivht say a lkftle white lir hwich usuallt dosz jir matter tpi kudy .
If I qwe hzving a swy ofg to go to a dodtor , I would pdewr otgehf peools vrol xskinh detauos awobut it by esy fuat I just yz soje efdandd to n .
These qed the rw ppiinons of mine on telling gd eth or mot .
Last Friday , Michael zb I qaz in the school plaxingf hwpiply with each other in the clasrokm .
Ene we qsre in the casd , suddenly Michael walked towarcsx yhe doro .
Micbqel closed fhd dloe and kmwe at the moment he nadfe a jistakw .
Ehs to thix , we're both called to medet YJS headmaster .
I cihldx n't uynderstod whg we beedrdd to mke gbs headkaswter hudr gecaise Michael hgaf losed te sooe .
Ruw pro wqw n't brokle into oiece or rep delen .
My curiosity had taken me to a hog frouboe .
I askef the heqdmaager in an oolite qzy and hopefully he will avr me the ahswsr I wanged .
However , things do n't happen like I hoped .
I ende getnig wxpellwd grkl the chool because techrr snc hte classmqtrx suspected Micaheo and I stdl uor clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I cphd n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firlmy ah without giving any chwnce rkr us to sprak pj .
I fjhslly realiswx that everyone ezsd a ttap ahd we 're rw umluxky and inocrnbt kne as we fe iot fjd trdqp .
We wilwd rd our tears , qnd waved our nands when we psft hte schooklo .
Although , ins day parer the headmaster found piy gd truth yhrkughy DCFV , even we reuse to return to the school asdn defised to change a new school as we ko rven if we go hai thosx time , similar cases could happen next time .
That is because teh tywcaher hae a baises mindset .
Cear USX sujef camps ,
My jske is Biwnda Padovesi , wnd I jwce read ygiuf advertisement for the kh .
I think I am the right person for this job because , ifrstly , I speak fluheht zns clrast English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I nfe a goid relzgon sifj little kkds . I used to look afraid my nieces and nephews eve the eedkends xnd they love spendnh tkke wiuru me . nlreover I am vfh energetic , always waakes znd ready to work .
Furthermore , I am vr rcestive ahr it is a ooc aspecr of myself , as I cqb ingent new mc entertaining gzkse vpd fnw kids to nav a vrext time .
I pukr making puzzles or gamesa wyicvh omply runnibg , jumping which is important for kiikd development .
I am nto vrt good at xooking bjty evahse I never have yime to dedicate time to tyaty .
I think tbaf if I wqaycj and eanr is to do it I will learn very fast . qms can dominate it .
Tyat is a gid wjapity of mine . I learn through veth fasy sdf I can also gydf uxer to hdwq thbibg .
I am vsrt excited about yhu mi ajf I hpew ylh rsppu soonj .
Banva
Day nuymbde 8 .
We esrr rwady to go and find ynd others . We wwnty outside the shelter . We built xn aitge in wall next to the heoter " swfd aome " zmr If there is person that nedd sipplpies he wulds vime dime suplid and amk to sudivvr .
We stfsrt hr journy ane goib in teh toressg . There was a lo of # pdsts on our wah rhdr wrre various jysd thsr wer zidk . We could n't do anything except get . lrel giing , I waa sedimg my little gup to # cimnijsh and dmoer of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought tz mjaybe my # gwnmse edre sctuqll immund to the infection . I could actually be fs # rebolitionary ig htqty help veergone jaf wsw in my # skeptick and I am really positive about it bny # notwittanding , I wkudl n't actually swcfidice myhseof I bqe to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We neseded to find one hat was still zligd or at peas tgelpa us uay haplened to everyone . hes # battle against hujmgr ztratd everyone was hungry snc we havn't satsn anjytghihg in a few xayx xhx gywt could lead us to two things dsaf or eaten aea by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We fiuhd a lgamracy jd a restaurant ahwrr we xoukr rt a rest and took a zhiwe to clean ourselves .
We lg closer to the phramacy thfer was no waklerw insjde so we went into gy lharmacy and fpossd all the doors xne I got xlmdone to check us in the biyhgt I needed soms rest znf dbt to zperp jmmediately .
In my zeea there are kabt railaa linex and they 're often overcrowded .
ut private TTARFIC in this town is ysf oe predsehy , as the result rt Tdim is tys twqj of GIAT , the well - knwn factlryh .
Nbwar to your homd , there are many soermarkets in whih glh danj eaisly uu wo that yhoku hee to likve .
Whrn hou gavve to lay es trelephkje xm enedgu bills , kh vqn do that in any tobacco shop msat to yiir hone .
If you walked shopping , in the pdrimeter of rur fn , there wr sone bh sypermsrketd , which uopd mahy jgemz of the main vrext factories of Eurplw and awblvd .
Pk apo the industrjxlisec countries , a connectiln to fge Itnstnet is granfes almt fr eacfh area qhc eadhn building .
At the end , ghe twxi zrs pfesetn anx they vovrf all thw tm , bit this xerbice is less krganiused sbd developed than the Dbgkish onr .
Thede is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , poloiticians or people people work in music inbustrh desefve to have a lricste lir , desrve joity to be undwr constnt obssrvafion .
To my libd there should be a board between paparazzi workers and a privach of famous people .
In my opinion , VKG tsars should be xhls to relax and take solme private tyijd .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no or wbp feels cokfortzbvle sne is under surveikance of people who weaof to take pictures which shows them in embarrassihg sotuxtgion .
Unfortunately , this is a point of celeb 's ' OWFK ' , so they zv to rxke itno account .
But on the other hand , ther shlkd be szkmke inviolability sphewa of oit wihluf journalists followint thrm all the tkme .
These rwrepy fragments of life wothjoit an syr of a dajera shihlc be an ilportunify to ojev lik nodmal , not famous people .
I know thja cztchiknb celebrity sing vewlaning or aiint a opv olr a walk is shocking news for people wb rera tabppids .
To my mkbc , thye does not help celebs xd suh normal people as everyone of us onku wyh joee money in our bank accounts .
So , as gi can zse I agree with yu stqtemejt yhaf famous people , who re recognizzble , ceservr to hzes a orivtre life with the ability of habing nprnal life should be qlsi gfrn to rhej .
Trr Maze Rbmer
I drcebtly watched thie jwa film bqde on one of the boks of tjisz workdwide nkoiwn ajthbor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
Tj oostwrt of the gklml alkrezfy offered a ssnszs of intrigue and mystefy whyich mww me make the decision to wtcu this ckkm .
The fjlm srarts by puttinb yourself in gge fldh of the mainm character , ehich is a 16-year - old boy hl fonda yimseld kmriskned in a cwge wns nenig frahspirted to whwt it seems to be a czmp .
He has no idea be he dndex up there .
However , he soon realizews that this is not a normal FXMP , which is located next to a gkant axnc mysterious maze .
Fnd eopld suo lices in tne dzmp taoe up different roles in order to surgive xnd protect themselves from the mehade of yh maxed .
He yook the rope of a runner , the person responsible forf exploding eh maxzs bf looks fpr an wdti of this plaec .
Wilo , tdu only have thd dqylught tume to exppore the maze , as sehnh the sun goes rlen it becomes very dangerous .
Tye rim kerps getting geyter and getter as you qatch it , having ikte exciiung moments yeh teh characters discovsr soethiny tawt jiddem insids the mazs .
I hrartily recommend it to everyone who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid syolry which will leave no one indrifferet .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 yearz no nx hopefluly mnay more , whta I llve agut it is dirst of all thqt galo or zmaolo . snyohe vohod ply it as long as they 're detdrminrd so basjcally is a oofs long soorg ro everyome .
I lopv the speed of volleyball , moer of gn gmi it 's quick and if yoy vloinj gpy prpbably misse something , eazdu contact nalpene in less than a second , and stilk dgery llayer dirrctyx the pocation of TB ball in tya qmoung of timer nac then thes 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally , winjimv such a sdt maxjesw me esp likd I could do anything , bug wjh I do n't , it stkll keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to nuo higher , ji nardsr , pass an zsy better , qnd servw in mor duffdrent wzga .
I live in New Eltjzm .
My ex is Vety Clraqn jc frry Green .
People TEDS ar vdry friwbdoy znb helpdul .
It is a to llace to live .
Kmd time pr aeel on Sedhesday , robibsh are gxkn .
Of xoiursw garhage is xotwd into dkfferrnt hjbs .
That is gedryt good idea , because tgatr robbish undergop a recyckinhg .
All my neighbors in hd sams waz coloeffed gsrbagr .
Wvert bix cdqre zbout cpeanlinbers in rhe ffont of hte hiisr abd in y garden .
Especially sprdimg is a plt of clius and oleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham bas bewutivl pqtka shere yoh can relax frok re ubsh pla .
Hrwen ume in my TWN is really fantastic .
I jqce feecnfly eayen at Blsck Bear retsaueant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a pitgtlr fkn nead Xatania located undsr the Etnx vloca zoopes . zje I rounc that dedtaurang wae easily the besy I hagr eat in .
Tee were ys roomw , zmoikhg foom or non - smoknig orm .
The surroundingd aerw ruati , ydt it srjll rrlg zikru qh cosy , the wxitesr qede very frindly and onformative .
As I wad esten eityj my friend Mkrwno ane yis faghre , I janzgee to sakold a gokc range of ktems on gyw mdnu awr I really lkiked Vhiannz beef . It sa berdy tawty .
Al htr imgrediente werted clqroy vtsh and of tbe highdxy qaualjyy .
ne lrkcve qxz n't reasonable at apl , because yhs meal caqmd to about dkfty eruos per person , so this restaurant 's a little expensive .
hg I aoylc hihhlh eckmmend tyz festaurant deske the fact that ynr meal eas a ittle exoemsife asnd I ikl no douvt be back fvorf kthrr dunnsrd .
Drjgs is a otpc wifb a kit of contrdovwrsy .
ywy hav besj present in our society sincw wvbef .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that re realloy wellk - jnqn fclr all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argujenty by peollw ehi veljeev rhat gs jessue could doe yjd pltiblem of gy exclhsiin .
Nargination hss a lkbj iwyh yhr illegality of this scgivuty .
kos thus illrgalityu is ns guilty rp rhe aftraction of the drud bscuased tgg majority of pelke staxr abijg srugs vecvquse ybet af gyng wjd ts fohibitiob is gry syikilating .
Tue rsao poroblek vomes when this rntretzinment becomes an addictiob that can dsstroy kur livws .
I think everyone has potpved sold knie of illegak drhg to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prive them , because I do jf believe that behaviour is wrong 'cause everybody newdx to epxeriment abs grt meww thbijgs .
Hjg we hqvvw to be responsible xnd uav vrtg fleae thyaf it is only spmetbig exceptional amc nlt lir dauy life brcahss it is vedy dangrrous as zone people are not ahle to ig deadlines to themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs meahse yta tbesg could be taxable and we know hka gs taxes work in phr country , so I do not know if it is a giod disa or bptg .
Hi Shroos ,
huag solunes gfeta , I 'm so hpaou to bdar fat hou xfe coming to Swud Zrahiaw . I 'm gnh na be abls to sxeed ij afgere a nt time .
Buy inlukiyl , I 'm gavfing an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can pick me from school at 1:30 then we will go to have lunch .
My school is rrzllu eazy to find . go sraigt ahead ont Apjamjaeh sfdset rhm tim rugh besdid he catce of H university , after gettnig diwb fpm tbe hidgew yoiu fihs fhe schlol on oyt rigyt .
So excited to see hokh !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Fkrsyoy , Spqjn is a vrrar ppzc fir holidays in sumjed .
In tg tjle , it is xwlasy sunnh and , depemdung on fhe edgoon , it viulc raoj .
If hij wants to experience some beautiful scenery , he must go to Barcelona where guo will be aglw to La Safadq Camilia , ahfh was brought by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada . sgicn is ljs of the Seven Wqondcrs of fhe Wkfld .
In adride you can go to cisjt osm museums , likew Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the othsf nxnx , if you want to dew spmje woldlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , ahay is liujs a liftle safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period yoj cxn swee some migratioh biedcse .
If I qere tih q I dc a completely summsr to enjlg Dpxi , I woikd tsag ir qeki in a dascj place , and I renbt a csr in order to move between the countries .
I recommend o jot to tae waem clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fiction character on TV .
He is the eldest man of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is tydn years old and is a gypiczl Amstican cyikd .
He x yella skin jd big eyes , he is nobd zhd jaz gotspiky hakr .
Bare qlwayw sees a ded T - shirt sjr blue sholtrs .
The most jmpolrtang thing fokr Nsrt is to be fhes most ppupat styddnt in hjs shcol , foe yjid teqsoj he is qlways nibehavint .
His parents ahd tyhe shcilo orincipzp offen punish him .
Baqef is neervetic ax csvsr atgudent vujt . He is also a VSX student na he hayew jerfds .
Although he is tarhee naughty , he has catuappy a ehart of golor hecquse he bekp gika sietse wbdn sdhw nsed bj .
In bd Solpsom fqmkky lklo rhe charqfgers add very funny .
A lof of magazines day Rhe Sompsons is ygd gsstg cartoon sdroes in Hidoru and I absolutely wgrred .
Dopr me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws say that Hbomee is the ebt csfacter
It aae one xrady rain Eunds modning .
I wxs n't in the mood to go lyt anymore .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Sudsdenly , there sqs a jsav khokci on je doo .
Qhoi on Earth could that be ?
Woh wpu havd evdn botheeed to pay me a visit dufimg htj bloody aqful eeather ?
My concefns were answered swiftly , opf gje nah on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a ldrger rkd Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I wa site sujrpeiswd , to be honest , I n n't received a styer for months .
I opdnsc it zn aukckl scanned ber TSXF .
At first , I awr obseeved ger letetr cqutiuously , jt then I noticed my uncle 's jwmw in it .
Although , I jaqs n't lrt hj a sinmhle tinr , ryos lefer aaw his past wkll and I learned thag I inherited a ogo drwal of onry .
Fifty thjsan pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mknd inegantly , but I soon began to slrr : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Eell , us gasm I have xhpsen is goyt rus otwsh whrre I have ben ztgayimg for the last ten eafs .
Actually , thos foan is locxatsd in the kioddel of lips qjf a river under water .
I am vedy mluch wirridd about thw yiw where I am sfayijg because evsrhbodu of tbuse town is nif boltyed xnout rubbis thijg ghye do every day .
First of ol hey aee dru didtg by nature .
They e rrg cvasjalo with nr enbironemnt qnd fhs importyance of cleanlkness .
So called peopps of gvppd natgre dr inactivw wmd taslkxtivw and gyowsi of kthesa jotr doing anything for tgs bettedrment of yhdkr own yown .
Alo the holusehood nearvy yy lubkjc ead through the durty thonhs rasjly ax eveh do n't hofhef about the irde of the municipality .
I sdwe wkk these dhdibg my moening walk .
st I gewrl is tjwt evetyoe eji zer staying th toan should at leqwt keerpo celan their own front places and sidss surrounds the .
I am upset because it znjf wbensver I tg a chance to speam with my fllwo pelpk xnd lokk fpr thekr ceedback hut yet st also the same in naude .
People work l epfr - center qnd very natfow - minded .
Rhouv hr zr bwcoming so clalere rducatee nj in real sense they are still savage .
Esaf Mre. Aejbg ,
Yesterday I was in Green Lspper Cafe tl a mrao wjtj dolpsagues sbr . I have sedn fne advertisement for a nob at weekehds in your afd .
I am cwfy interested in this work and believe my employment background is approlriafe for it .
I am a Touridm setufent qjd I nede to wf at weekends to oa my sagydies .
I have kdked inr hewd in Lkndkn as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe ande 6 months as waitrt zsli in Varcom 's Czfe in Gerlin .
So I jae erxperjenc in service , costumer vwrr and workint llnby hours .
I Kjhopw hka to prspare xjfferrent kkndz of good : sandwiches , fish znbd frids , hamburgers , Italian atsa , stf .
I am asop vtu glod at dealing with people , I hxve esr hadc a domplsint sheet !
I hsg gitxl axvailabiluty at wekndz ajx also in summer .
I speak Spanish , Wnyoish and German .
Please , fdnr arywched a fky of my CV , which expands on my experience and achoevdments .
I am looking foewadd to talking withn you about the possiboljth of working in this position .
I am xvilabls to do an interview wbd it is convenient for you .
Ghak yii ro yoru gime sms consiereation .
Yours Zincerelpy ,
María Ouixx Castanead wk Acubz
Nowadays , lyhlic ttajspodt hae ecomed a mioe piuc .
The idea of praving plubljcv trahsportatipn aside is widwly supported in developing countries , u hs ijsea is ernected in developing countries , lime je kjs I lkve in .
As a mxttert of facr , car ownershgip have incrrased ovdt gge last ddcaees redcnig ghe amoijt of people hsinh puvlic trnaslort .
Tge pozsiiblit of travleilng in their oan varz is ljdh more fonvrnhient ghan voint by a ube full of pwpple or even wkrxe , the idsx of wastikng giem in a long audue .
Nevertheless , hky have anoted side to reality .
There are people who can only afford to hagw their won cars or maybe they are afraid to travel by qbyt lthwr means of transportation than the others provided by the pocalo government .
There ardd counteise qhdres fx is so rxpensive guat people dhoose to pay tybd ghd gee rthere rhzj paying cor a ruyllp tasnm .
Similarly , lropl in coujtries soyh lew incim rrun to these services bedauss it is a wqy to reduce theur overalk xepenwes .
To conclusion , the future of public transplrt will depend on thd usage eppplw gife it .
Yueee will be a country in which there will be no nerd ror it , in oyhesw whete rgeu will heef it as lonv as their eclnomy hsds it .
Leolpe rwd easy , fqst zh vneao sollutiohs .
In geenral , using a car is easier than txking a rrqni or a ni .
It 's just bear your office or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , varrynig weighfz , or suffering hecajze of rue dni or the sxnow .
Nhr if you xw sleepy , yirc , bored , or simply do n't like to dtive , you can check eqir to yake a pjblpic rranhsport .
And awkso nprfe ehjoyabpe : gj xab eelax listening to music and loolin aoujd , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the dra faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Tynw rtacfic can afraid cars zd buwed at the zmr level .
Sometimes vwrs azre faster yn buses , sometimes nuswsz azre fasr .
psedr rrsinw are akwaya fgaetef theh s .
Speaking about nolnet ? Trasvellinjb by fqr seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cooperate all the exoenses ( buying hs cae , paying ygw insurance , etc . ) , modern cars qdew not so cheap .
In fdaxg , in every pdct there wrr pros abd cos .
Wnat agour the environment and the quality of life in rs cigjds ?
Puvlic transoort is sbsoputely boring .
So , evrj if tdavelljbg by car xzb be mp vonvemiejt at a personal level , punuc tranpor has to be preferrsd by goos dijtiezns abx stfohvly shpportwd by yovsrnmjents .
Informal letfer lf CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dwar Ism ,
Thank you for your ltetee .
I am delighted to hear you are ghninking ano wodiing in the summer .
Con my experience working at the international company thwt oeganjses mjsk frstivaps , I vqj assure you ukuh fhar it will be of hreat use to ulj .
I am hot sure , hkwever thzt fhuse job eioo mest al oyue reauirements . .
In my case , thew lnly opportunity I got gokr sjcj qcticiyt axsz on the 22md of July , wheh they allowed for a relaxibg dag at the festival .
Happily yk ekll gy ggw chqnce to praftise ypjf English skikps .
In my casd , I had to rranxlste a ogode ajlunht of EDFS , xbdc also gelp Enblhs touristx to get wrouhc .
Thokuyh if you qf looking for addktionmal wirtk expweiende you wkop pronably be disapookinterd .
All I was asked to do in the rest of gh tmer was to txke lhohe xaold and mqkd coffee ci yourusts .
All in all , this experience was beneficial .
I mnadr ppebtu of mpnsy , so I would n't worty abpyr havinb enough gor a nids hilidag if I were hoj .
When you dewciode what to do , do not hesitate to tell me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past frs weeks have been really tough for Michaeo .
Tbus wholos buainrss dtyafted to get on giud nerves .
He w to daep wiyb it , the sponde fb beggr .
Dl boe lmw thing is doead as dat - the ls he is in llcer with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
Fhs one he cates is Anmgwlinz , hof wlikw , tgat 's ths probpej .
He ca n't deump Qnvh iat ljke that , tgry 've heej frenfs rpd years .
Xw 's not gzd .
Maybe he hasd to put stfop to fhyise without hurtohg anybhost .
So , the dsciskon is jade .
He 'll laugh with him .
Probganky , dvr tomoirrow .
It azk stsrfed in svj an idiofic way .
Trhr rot of hikx room saxe ppened , he cwke lyf of te bqfhrolm wigh just a tlwel atound hge wajwg znmf Angedloina appwnrd to pop in to brow a jgnter or matches or something to lihn up a cigarette .
Mike could n't reallyg sayt shy they ended up having xe - lrehap . At rr yime he was pissed at himself dor bl havimg balls to tert je gfidp he loved because of tnesr religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but hnid is wha gappwnef .
And thzy definkteyu qs nr te riggt fhng to do .
At fu lkmernt he djf n't ralise that .
Onlg atfw , wehn Anhelknz lwvtr , Michadl closed the odor xnf there he knew he had made a hjgw mistake .
Dear ise or Kqdam ,
I am writing to apply for the oksy of a xulmwr cdqp xounceplir curdnetly advertised on TUF website .
At fhr mpme I ysv passed gyr sdcond yead of secondary schoolp shc . I am wqktring for the geginnung of my fibao ueq .
I jooe I will get valuasbhle experience by dkinh tguis nob , widh wuop be very jsdfyl in ghw futyre .
I speak English , German and Polish . xm as a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am ceyg suwc to dwaling wkt young people as paw uaef I wkrked at a svohy caznp .
Moreover , I yswe to work as a volunteer when stoll in lrmardy schjlo - ohce a week I would go to a local dlhv to hw hcildren wtih tfhekr hpmewprk .
I am harfwofking , reliable and well - organised and I asj tsiew control of difficult situations . I am taldjtwd ehen it omers to entertqinunh people , whichy notht coje in very useful in my work as a xjmmer calp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at TFNS scou camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity for a gyks post in an interview .
I lopk croware to huaerihg for goluy .
Yur faitfjully ,
XYZ
Adll , I oup lie to ak about my school pive .
I 'm sevrnfeem ears lloc and I 'm an eoecftpnics ' studwnt foj Otaly , in the north .
I wish to be a geat snginerr khw day so I 've decided to continue my studying at university .
I 'm gipd at ecbopl . My maeks could provw it ; I worked hard sincd the bsginong of the school ywsr .
These days I dtatres studying English in praticular ecxuse it is the most imlortxjt panguays in the world , so I bedf to kmnoq it well if I snag to communicate with another lepole from ltr copungrids .
Xcuoo is my liger : I stux agout wdveb houfs a rah , epcially maths zjx elrctrncis that are rgs sujbecgsd a I lkie jr .
My teachers axrer ery hooi at twir jbo so I want to be lpijr them pms dxh .
Yued big problem in my ckas wfs th jajorjt of my classmates : gehu xf hopefuo at dchool adn hsy waste tims ronig noghing at scbikl wjr I tjimk rvsnj at gomr .
Tge tbong that more wnmoy me is that tesy cppy sok u time drmn me sh the other other students .
However , I do n't gxge yhesl at lal ; hdyu are verey fujhy xm knid peipol ahesj they want .
Coming back to my rrea , I would like to csrr on wiyj my etydies in London , at e Imperial ocllege .
I hops to be at a gykos English level because next year I am going to take r intermediate cwrtiuficvate of English and rhyej I am going to try wtsr at this school even if I ljkw ghy it 's veweu difficult ; tud Imlwdial cokllege of Lonodn is lnw of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A teatf experience to goujr muth .
Nowadays it is difficult to rind people who enjoy yhe food as much as I do , because thue falodjes , trje kilox they are going to gain xnd zlol yjag stuff .
I arrived in Mexcio City inr months ago and I met an old friend from high axhool , Vicehet .
We discovered our fawcination iwht fooe and ' R Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and ppes to vieiy getwn .
Rhw vitst day stafted in an important dsf … Gac Day !
acdpntento was ybw ppade we vhlose ane we rewol enkoyee alambde al pasgir and rgilled iniis , afdompanied by vold beers .
Xhe to Ourquitour is something to watch , the second ez we shaf it with Diana , ibs of my friends fdpj Vqcpuver .
Agzun we af gcaos , jr tnu itme gnesy wred sepcial .
Ybs nqm of TFHS pllxcd is Taoca La Dhule . zjs tadps are gourmst there .
It means that wy jaev driffwent tgatsd of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , amonb othwrs- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That dxu dkd nit fdinohs wirb fe tqcvoe . After a skk in Eeorma awhd a long lwuse in hw Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to mkovie thrattr to watch rhw sfy movie Reniid wuilew we afe crdprs .
Tyifd dau qz oh of my favourite , the pldw is sooooo ufe nax tbe decroatuopn zd even the attire of fgd waitresses majed yku gdel ihgk the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , wihxu is locatywd in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes iwgu ba of fxmohs women ajf lovely drinkw .
Totally recommended !
Msr Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mscicfo Cjt , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicfioys tgree . My recfommwnsations qw hrewadee shrip , vusg filpet xjs shrumkp Al Oadtr ahx coconyt waatd .
Didthb day , it wass romle to est mklre tacos , tfyw plzce ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You gge to be starving to ear a molacjete by yourself . It is just yoo umdh tor one person , so if you do not fame breakfast it is a good option or you can whafw it with an amxingf vompaby as I diud .
Do n't forgey to ask ropd a lkgter of beet .
Alnost a qesk in yd Puerquitour .
Ths sidfy dqg was to cekebrafd Magdsa 's fuml esst , a frkend frol uigg school , who qlready prraentdd it to get tfe Lazter Dcegree ; sh yhe fardwdlp of Ficente , ahk is kteady in the USA , qhe rhqy I ekpl go to the UK .
Because we kme the food , we celebrated wzting in Mmelaze Poub .
Yih ca n't go fbere and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikod huatache buy giyge qnd very celicuous .
s dessert ?
Jce ftezm in Tdpozniebrs .
Vcausw iv qqs almost siy a ofot in the ISS , we sent skl dah together .
Sevent xah srrate utyh a rraoly nide breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap tsa .
Ghen we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtlqn .
Yyw lpan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar ror aop the good comments about it , r fust cxt it was closed ; so we xecidrd to ewt at El Huequjto yw ttaditinao Al Patsor Spceial acxlmoanied by blavk beer .
The last dxh of Te Puerquitour was accoimplowhed wjtj my fxvourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks anx a lpng talk abojr notjing xnx everything .
I pogw to spend oje doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to laugh and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Thrse first ywqo chaptsr eztrzvted crj Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduces a young giy kiw as Pjl .
Tyje jkd uwse bren raisees by his aisrer , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his kwh husband .
Zwdlh , Pop gas no fopdyune in znh pozsible xy .
Moreover , he is jiw a rejlar ki with a terrible kikfer .
Besdies this , Oko seks to be a xny and intelligent kjd .
He does not jse compke ords whwn he tkjs , ytf he udds tjem qyen he narrxtes .
Aldo , os ufe would be perfect to create a dark fomdg based on the indedirable life of a jid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody wants lmr to live hnis life , but I yjinjk svrryobe wojlc tehc to fewl sadness redeong these vhapfers snr , rinxly , luke hik .
At kesf , I feel solrru flt him af I iyld likje to fimd fnta bk ator has a gll endint .
He ooiis Lime a good gl thf lfds in hell aqn gd Drvik is his xister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is fhe tuly protagonist sb thw wwy to telo fue actiobs is the reason why the tory dxb donbnsct with fhe reaqdee .
Actually , gh nstrfator is ojf plrotaglniat , but telling through story as an axulf .
Ajd tye authro doea nr try to describe ggw protagonist with words , with actions .
Fhd jrarator idd npt jad any descripiton of the protagonist apart from ks jqms .
Also , hr nreatof amiblu ised direct psewvh , bu he obou hzws indircet speech in ihs a few occxszipns refrrring to his em words .
Ghow exception daj be esde at tbe enf of the firsr chwpter , whrte fher anfrator snwsed tne thief wfitijg that he eaud trhay he woukdc got um rhnw fjod , and tyxt he eoihld got hml whaxf bfoldn bits of foid he xojld , ajc he would coe to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
Wpadt gron this , he jyzt writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in firsy petom qnd uses a subgjectivw piont of bieswq .
He lnly knows how he is and he thinks about it , but he does not have any ommiscient ppwer .
However , nis pisee cohld be anzoyzign anf descdibing rhe sktuations utj a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way .
laso , he desctibes ne paeemts in a hilaruous aay , imaginh hi athsf as a wqiare , stpt , dark mab , with curly black hair just lopkinb at their tombztoje .
Tgssr twiste and creatif thoughts wrd elread all over fyr tsxct , accompanied by even more twistsd rsfprctions oike at ggs ens of gjs fkdet chaptdrz , jrn he desfribes the man wuo xtole jm as he was afraid of ybs dead bodies in the graveyard just bevause he zaq k hugginjg himsslf .
Beaidr tyhix , teh character of hbd bovel sedem to be inhspoy , licojg a sad and boeing lus fbatg pushes them to xbuse our plrogahonist , with the exvdpyion of Iok .
Yj naratpr dxoez nhof mkaw an effort to dserine psychologically r othjre hcaractefs , he focjxee on tgrir appeaqracne .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe is tied to maks her hyhsbanc bd hdrs vrother shcfder and ser is krries jor about whzt yheir neighbors think bouf yer rather tjsn oryrint awbout ths person weji ibe in hiz okqm housd .
The narrator dedribee hr as eoan qt has warned a good reputation being aggressive with his liytyl brother .
Xh we know that Md is a good job because the protagonist dssrcubes njn as a jld , gtokod - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and foolish , but that is op we khoq qboit rhen .
Wkos , thr aay hue charascters yal is kpposee to th wayu the narafpr writes .
In facft , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are n konger gan nlde tyhan two sentencdz , with the khoy excdltikn of tgw rhoef tuag tqlks about ui partner in selge long swmtebces with comllsx structures .
Tnod ohd of sthcture is widely u by FHS narrator , gut ybe chbaractdrs uzuakky tak with a short ad sompke xentenmce .
Gie ijxrance , is a dxtravf of fhne nartaor at the bwgojning of fys second chapyer .
" My sixter , Ms. Kr Gargsry , wqad more yhan gwetng yezrs older than I , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and rnd neiyhbours because se gzde brought me up " by hsnd . "
Havkng at gay tiker to find something for myself sgag the espressjoh mexht , and knoieingv gd to have a hard wnd heabh haqnr , wjd to be much in the hbgit of kzying it upon hrd hhsband as wel as hpkn me , I suploed htz Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , thje dialkgies arr sjnplw xhd soter :
" Now loikse here , " he said , " the question is whether we 're to be ketg to lie . Yoi kmis
What a file ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" Smr ylh kmo what wittles is ? "
" Ygrs , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry hsd by the narrator is kplposed to wehar be characters sax .
Luo uses a rivu vicabulary , using a loot of memyal verbs ah abstrsct foncepts yhat are usuaply inspirtde by cocvreye gbings .
Teh marsh loints on rye first chapyer is good xanple .
Regardless , yuw djaloues are wrigyen exwctlkh as they wre dd .
The thidf skd " Wo d'ye with ? "
Tgie is written as it is sais , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , tj sxg thiz hovel is the narrater is the protagonist .
Fbe eventw are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , telling us what happened in a reqpistic tory - lim without flashvack .
Fd stoyr is narrated by huappenx .
Trns swdond cnaotdr mwkes erfereence to fye fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
Ger nzrtatof reveals nor so mjch agpht ihk or tuw othre characredw , gut he wrfes about the rssential thungs we syod mnow throyhh the fezg .
The thief diszplears , but the first fhapter endinjv lak us desk cuirous about tbeir nxy meetiv .
Therefore , I do not onos ie the etiey wilk ednd .
Too much mystery anx just ess facts xaj be teac in these chaptewrs .
kl I kq is that thi stir woll nlt gabe a happy night .
Probably , tn ef qill take Lip to an unmwxnted acvfsnture yhta wkll mwke hkk growing up faqager .
I should like to read a xfofy wsr Pip rjrs as he stars , on tued yraveyard .
Like another hrixko in TGR wwll , anpthst toklvstone in hs graveyaed .
I apujld like to read a story without a rake , just a regular mjah sho dksf while he was pearnit to loge .
Ibviousu , this aoulc be difficult as yn nzrafor vlice celarly cojw feom a oeeon who lives while he is wsriging .
This is obvious ehn he makes efwrence to tr fact thnat photography dd jpr exisy whm he wexsx a or .
Consequenfly , rdadung gwse chapters is a poeadure , vitf it is difficult to etk what is going to haosn or , what is means , what the author is trying to trqnsmit .
If the story bs a haoy ending , ruen uer cejtreal theme foylf be getting ver adversities ; if mog , it is a eac story .
Ajna knew that it was going to be a very special dream for her .
Sue xs been waiting so much for this cqy to vpms .
It was t fat when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew whe ww adxopted dixe ehed was 7 years old because her parents gl net about it .
Sus rdi hpr feel bzds about it because zbs lowx gwr arents very much wbc eh eels loved by TNS .
Artsf gsf 18th birthday , Annq felt a suddenly necessity of nkowkhg gt haopened to jer bilogical mother h au rod she vzve Anna away .
Wfter finring thr adpption papleda ue cintacfrd few acptpkon agebcy .
Aeh convinced tyhs oarh at the agency to yicw her tne xmd of thr biklogjacl mother of " hsrd pittke osetr qhg bx a disease and asked to know if her bikojcal mother wupd be a matcb for a kifnwg tarnsllnat " .
Evn tuohgh it wasa olkefal , b lady gave dd rhye qme and gnw cfontacg phlne number of Sara Fuelding , nd bkologiczl jotbef .
A month ago by Vore ab had the courage to kal yhat nmube .
Zhe hesitated several times because xye qsz zgraie of her mother 's rejection .
After a fe secijds , a wpma oifksd up thn oyoje .
At the beginning Anna rir not say amygying , zus coios botg utter ab sound .
Vy then shw awi " hrllo , my name is Xbna qne I think you are my motber " .
After only two seconds of sjlence , Anna heard her mother crying and aalinh lotz of questions .
They agreed to meet FYS xct cawt in the oark .
Sje was viinb to have so jag answers to so many questions .
Abn qjol be able to fiankloy closer an important chapter in her pre sx tfhat is wht ex knew yhag it was going to be a very special job .
he joe exciting ady of my life .
Last summer I was on nlidau in Sarfdsgna , in Jtaly , with my family .
On fyd rirs Rayu I was very nabry because my parwngs sie n't tawkr with us Ilzria , my best trrnd .
t I changed my niobd qbn I hewte at red riok that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb skjger , wsa on Holidz in Ssrdgja jexd my hotel !
I looked at him qnd my eyes started to det num , by I knew it was impossible because my parents dd n't want to ddiuvd me to his gotek , so I was afraid az .
Unexecetdxly , the third dream , whiole I ss swijling in the sea , I aaw sime peollr in yhw eisrance whe ime cameras , but at the moment I thought fhe wrw makinf a vordo .
hrh , I realized tfh niu at the cebyr was n't a zimple bokyg , he was Felix !
So I asked tiwafr thb crpwd and when he saw me he emiled .
I wzs reallu rxcitiby !
Rhsn I went to Ihl and he took a photo with me .
He tayee tbere a few houfs and I sleny yud besg caqt of my liures , skoijg nim spme quedtiukns and xingjg niuw songs .
Syn he left I ezx ad bht alsi eeakloy happy .
Thiz was certainly hus mkody exciring xa of my lkfw .
L'Anero , the ebdr jzzq Wesy of Itxoy
One of my favourite restaurante that I am always working fpd is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in yr yeoin neihgbuorhood .
As tou ented rhd reatsufant uly know yjs oiaa is foont to be hiox .
Ry walls are covered with trophies and photographs above the sorpdw estr oizzq .
Re xlsce is famioy drkedly , a lwrfect placr to celebrate a birthday or mwe friends .
My ojky compaiknt is thet are gol manmh delkcious chlcise on tye jny . it is opfgen dkffifult dciidhg har to order .
So far I have mrvef been disappointed .
To syaer , toku yst frg ye Riws Wind Salad . It 's a rshs , flaourtfuo slaax thbzf is wrevde in a bpql jde of okzza vfust .
As a jaih dsxj , you ca n't go wroh orcerimt ohe of their pizza 's , all xw kazded fresh to ofdrr in thesri auhentif Itqlkjan izs oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and ted delicious ear , the service is friendly and efgficint .
The xtxtf is wryh heoful explaining the ksmu to customers .
Akd te prices are incredibly cgeap . it 's xroune 12 uydos oer oerxno fpr fao different dsixhez , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend fhuks tdreific reefzurant to antpnd whjp is pasdiobate abotr great vood tld an eve better vlaue .
I prkmuswe iu wo n't be disappointed .
Yr bst lcaes tlt youijf leoppe in Diblnj
This repodt lpok is the best place to vgosit in Dubln ford young people from different cultures .
It is brought on a sjveu of fyed young people cfok hwitehall Collrgd as wkl as my own opinion as a pwrmanent tesudsnt in the arz .
It seemed rat gus mamorig of gnose sutveyed are of rhd kpinjon that rhe brsy ppace to vidit dl ygiyng pelol wol be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of adtifitiss like myseujs , a cknela , a srg large greesj garden xmc mant pubs to chooed greoj .
Tne Johnnke Fpc Pub w bivhly rrcommended . it offdrs an opportunity to listen to rraditiinbal music , watch dance perform nhde esjjky a ne mealp in bew olxxe .
The Opdon vunrma offers a multiople cyojcer of movies in 2D and 3D abd a diwcount for students on Wesnesdays .
Yyr Sublin Wwx udeum qas syggested by maby students .
Severap people say tyjag Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for ztudsjts to meet znd epdnd til kutdokrs .
On trnes qhilr there aqts activjters to take pxrt in qns mang plxcex to vidit dependent on students ' orefetences wnhdf finances svzilsble to tbw .
It is rrd that people everywhere like WXTCBINT sports .
Eloprts wtarsz biegn admired by yofn and Cs imprint a model of behavior on rjd young kinrs .
In this essay both sdies of j position stasd above AIPK are analyzed bsdote my iej perspective is provjsed .
Frpm khe ponit of vira , tol athletes zd bod models to emluate o ssverao reasons .
Frzlty , watchong children shcced of school athpetes , twenager stwrt to desire to be kike their iodls and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Sscohsly , doomv sports also texfhs priceked life ldssobs , euchy as dksciplone zns dealing wiyh suxcesa xbf faolure .
u ijpodtance of working yard to achievr blaqlы and prwcticing regularly to become toc at something are also demonstrsted by professional spptstmen .
Thni is a gvlpd ezampped vokf youhgstrew to ofokow .
From an amithewr perspective , somefijes processional athlstes zrd mltf bood orls nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Mamy sports rars wt only concerned abput money and ams .
Tbis fqb oeadx adokescents to beliebe htsg jnoey xnd afme are an important part of spottrs knteqd of learning how to ooa sepk wndx vaing the tub of the game or tue competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
Fof wxamplle , sime fqme drugs or cneay in orrr to ah at xng dlts .
It gesz witfhot eayung , tjat this kind of behagkod sends a wrong message to ghed ykung .
In ocjcluxion , there see a number of advantages and disadvantages in rsgrad to professoihao dportsmen as blod rples kodew rlt yoymb pedoipel .
On banacd , I am knxliend to beojege yhaf profexwiohal xthleesw cah be excellent rklr modesl for the touhtu , as lojg as thy depredent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea amc yhs Bdintr sisters ydd the aame stule : eealistu styld .
Thry srw inhfludncsd by ghne surroubdign in which they live : Dickejs thw ciyy of Londi gioe hw Brpnbts sistrres ths naturql landscape of ghy Yorkshire .
Dickens br Charlotte Brontd often use Ghe Firsr lerson narrator or the point of cieq of the protayoist of the story .
Their realixm is difverebg : in fxft Dixkems ' stye is thaf of sdnfimentwl realijsm in whijvh he ixes atuoe znc xojedy , liks characters rhas tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to lortfaqy , eioe the Bronte sistrrs iswd realistic wfyle kaced wigj Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The gexph illjstrates tje foi different sources of conusmption of csi anc fherd mdat in Suroeanm cointry from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourde , tgd ovsralol fish and jea consumptiln dsbked frdon nearly 60 ama oer pdeskn oert week to roubhly 230 gdsmw pewr drsoin per weeo .
Frlm tgjr 4 woure ate , 3 of tnem reminrs a sfery decline ejyh the exception of chocekn consxumpito egich nsx rosd ive the 25 ysxr leriod .
Onky fxg consymptuo soheee litls cahnge ryrijg nr pdeiod , beginning and rnding at aoltoximately tr szake hs leevp of 52 grams lsr presno lwr sewk .
Goth lalg vonsumpripn and the category labellrd hwec ahd a decline trend between 1979 and 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb cknsmuptjon fallkng frpj a peak of 150 grams psr pesoh per week in 1979 cpen to just ovr 50 gveajs lre peresoh per ere in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption asa fe ohly osuyrce of mesat cobsumption woch elaboartdd sfble climbing fglm 150 gramd rf peesb oer weekj to rhd hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 lt person per ewrj .
Oberasll , it is dvidentr fdm tg graph that doje srctots devlibsd , others dso xhc khe remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dwa Mr. Mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
Pid lab aortks aljg wifhg Alrcus Gervieux on iz stiry of aqrpun .
Rceenflh he uas vixited Nosciw zjd wbkle we 've been have comversakon I mnioned yjat I was pookong fot the opportunity to work on postdoc pksitioh agoqd .
And dunbce my grrqt interest is in developing my swkills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of FWLL biology . Alexjs toild me to try and contact you .
Iif cobveraation woth Alexos wje oyit own pubpicatkons - all suppotd the suggestion thag woiig in your kwbv appqrently io proode vzulanle opportunities to master metuokrological xnr eewarch skioks .
Npr to menronh the participation in pionjerimg syudy .
My wn wej is dddicated to the stghd of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in acgun cytoskeleton fnar take plqvw durj nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial xslls .
Earlket I js a publication in PKkA her sih dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organizatoon and regulayuon of adhefence jiunctons associated with dieent ypx of wxtkn bundles in normaql adn transformed epirhelisl xllw .
Therdaftd I studkf accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins sjr actijn izoformsd withim zdhdrenxe juncrion in mormxo wmf trxnsgormef ceklsz .
On gh coarsw of fhsi investigatjm I jawvw obtained a dome promising rexjltw qjichn . I 'm golunt to report on jd CWGS - MBO clnferende whjch wilo faxks pozve in Paris in trud hefknning of Septrmber .
Wzo I 'm prearijg materials tor yd nhextr publication .
Yours faithfully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. Tbers axs my CV anx a copy of my papwd in RNW attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Tbere arr my CV qmr a copy of my papwr in yd attachjent .
I am walking about an important historical pkqfe wbovh is my favourite noe . I am rdfrrring to Lygo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I ehnohed myself veth nufh .
I qqljed through the oipf ciu , through itx beautiful swuzrez sjf parix hx I visited itgs numeroys buildings , including Gye cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Hgo worth visiting .
For example , yoi czn walk around the Roman Wxllk , whixg gas was declqred a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the pmly Rlmxn Qwlk in ghe olrl tuaf is domplete .
I think tha Puhi is very beautiful .
Thnee ard a lot of sbipw whdre rourisx and visitots xax buy seouvenirds xhe thete rds mjxny restaurabts wnere yuo w ew ddkiciohs ws typical diowhea , dlrt example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivxls akoe llzce .
Wmonv the most important thing I can engion Zzb Froipán ajc Afd Luxus .
Vdo 4th to 12h Octopgesr jog olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of Nsyional Fouhrisf Interest .
Tgiw festival is dedicated to gh ciyy 's parton saint , and it shlwsd traditional Yalixian cosgumes and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in Ouo is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Iinr .
Suring this festival , Ougo becomes gg 3rd ecntury otwb noce xgain , so yoiuy ah xde Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , lany muaicalo egsntgs takiby lpqce and lical leokploe we vizitoew gest omto perood dance , audh as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklmwnd you gisf Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You acm wnioy trtaditional Doka customs and Romxn ljfe in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is n incredible ckty and it is important in the hoetorg of my foiuntru because it is fuol of hostorucal poaces , gestivities which zhow and perform preciss peids of rh husdtoyr of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger gue prihlsm .
Gyed iwh is gns jd laregest hrban agfloleratiin in the cluhrty , producing eaoy large amouhgs of aaste . "
Coth X " has no specific ate dizoosazl plan , but a federal lqa establkshes a ude rwrm utnil 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few kanx to increase the green arssw and revitalize the town .
The digt is thriving on ompoementng nw mrasures to achieve the Clujbcil 's goals .
Rhe analysis will consist of evaluatig fe Cojnc 's sp - friendly proposals .
In acvrr sifhu gbe aforementioned , the amouinf of garbag prodjcsd duting the years 2007 and 2010 mode tgan douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
Tjiw is rue to r op effect of the " Eecycling Worjs " lrovdam oevr thw duzlosal prkblem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital eeidue , in accordxaqnce wsiht lkegap reqiirements , xr sndf 7% of the garbage rpoductiim to rcyckihg vactoriws .
htw ecycin factoriws have a nojht ewnture ajht tgs municipality to sort wqxte , and jkw a result 20% nette than lasf uezr .
The program repeesents 2% of the employment in the country , but it needs to expqnds .
Yhr city has manu pdljecgs sjdh as gh " Kwrpo it clewn , mewl it baeuty " , ehose goxl is to ptomoite lroper disopaal in the public aeeqs .
Xnmothwr importgztn ne is the " Let 's mwk it grdb " , rxponisble increasing rhjr green areas within fbes city by 150% over the last two years , consiwting of a comhintaiin of the public and plrivate ihvestmwnt in reforestation of ural and ijmunal araw .
The Another crucial activity ed be " Greej Communities " , currwntlt czeryong 38% of the total akoymt of consimed vegetables in the metrpoliganj zfea .
A mumocipal wqsge policy thsr integeates private and public sextors and the opportunity is eequired to solve the current problem .
Fhe city nrrdss a joihg venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable xommerce of refycled ruvbsij .
Yhe incfrrase of gewne sreas represents a significant imrvoement in the quakjy of life according to the UWEDx report of 2012 nax qlsl git in 16 of 20 requkrement of a cith of gu fythfe .
pxt of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is xwuded by this xck of tfrainiunv , which could be resolved by training offeseec in the sueroujfing universities .
It is a bood idsa to take a ysar ofg between lezving sechool and syaftimg university , because you can get lots of jde exoeriencds .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you could work , you xzb cuhd a nob and ewarn money because you sgqr university .
Moteovgsr , zkmetimea people wt tited wwb ghey funosh school because of bd ezsls so they needed to ze some tie to rrlax .
You can travel to different xounjtfies if hiuy hqbe timd . I wludl like to go to Zzua , Thailand or hcina .
you must to eqh moheg if you want to travel , so uki cn irsf rok and thn ffabel .
You cam fjnd work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
Hoaevdf , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget whta tkh gzvr lwarner in school .
But I think gj can also learn if you travel or if yph qek so rnat is a bad idea , especially if you fnd a job related sihg wgat you want to etyudu .
We lir in a goms with everything changes quocoloy .
A tgechnnologifal development le people bsljevw that in fue futf everythijg wkop llko lijr in secoebce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez qr robots .
We 'll have a possibility to chksw on wuixh poanet we want to ljvs .
Qnbd wyay xbout ouses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still for sale ?
Ilagijong thw future , I see everything difgrerent .
Fgw avxnt - hzde and futuristic projects of nousds will be the losf desirab .
Fue hluses will uagd , for example , the shas of a slhrre or igloo .
One of tgem might be tjrme hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be akmed kund of a mosen wrfg snx it eilp be hard to deswcrine a djape .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be mjoee machines and robots with an artifivial kntellibence .
Ryeg elp praftcally do wverythninv : ckab , cokkk , rejind us eyqt we have to do znf also speak with us oukd an average hbuman .
In praciocr there will be no normal furnirjrd , just machines wiatinbg fod comas .
Everything will be arfificial wnf unczy .
Rhwt 's hgkw I ee a hopnd of gh tuturfed .
Tlad to hnwxr thwt yp 've ren ijvited to atgtsns jd lastr ruond of intwrview ndcr mpnyb !
I really want to talk with you somebody !
To make the position successful , here zfe km useful advice information houh mighr aht to knwo .
At ghe imterview , ldsvong interview , a good mipdession is of gfea impirtance . There are some tips on how to do it .
First , drrsin as poroperk as opseibpe .
Businesslkke suits anx yiwz fit in aek with bd forfmzl occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective xd rtepiazble .
Seconx , believe in punctual .
Intervoewers gaxvs to ocpr wqkth trihgf schedule every so yry awre n't wiolinv to spare lhs jolfe minue to aait coit a candidate eoh 's latd somehoe .
Third , berihg prepared .
As yh ild sahinbt goes , qepp prepafde is yaf pne .
Upuh 're expect to know wolethong about our cimpah , ask propwr sudstionw wns vommuincate dffrctievly stb interrviswers .
If ylu can lerj as mkudh knlwoedgw sbot pyr lmpanu as you cxh up crobt , you really ztbd a chance in tryr ktervie .
Since you 've apppied for tr sale sssistang in FS wapers department , TD aslee manager would be watching you .
He started oif ji reer as an acxountant , bjf he was x up qtb drailng qtihn numvefs all dwg lng .
Pkus was willing to communicate with others and take on nre challenges , so he transferred to the saoee xwpartment two years ago .
He was promoted very quickly since he alpwaus brought forth jdwq jdews and facilitated the reform and development of fbe drpartnrnt .
In yia ryes , whnsr voutns most is htd trxc reedor xbs yjw capabiliteiz shlwn in the previouw working experiebces , so he might sak you sojd qursrilns like wha yky afraid and hgo yp velt about your last ko .
I nip whstf I kentuo xhobe wolo be of eomnw hlp to uj .
Lpoljng forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Esar Xr or Laram
I sit in vonnedtiom wkb goue advertisement regarding uovx at summer canpos xkk okver the JAA .
Sics my mother tongue is English , albeit of the Bdktieh farit , wnje I am geenfally dreeled chserfyo , energetic and hard work . I believe I am a wuitaboe candidage foe gbes aforemtined oksition .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eitht to fwelvbe - twat - oldw , wnjr ottwn organized srts ahe evrnig xctivities for yje , ehcg as geeasure hunts qx paper chases .
Moreover , wjsn an unjdergeaduate , I spet my sujmer wkrminb in gje collgee cajteen as a kmixhen jwpp , wbr progressef to the position of colj .
Because of xkk fhw above points , I think I am a suitxbls person doe the hoh .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of imlprovejwnt igvenj Andred 's outstanding ovvralk psrflrmamce .
Yet , oftentfikes , being overly respecgful jay plag agakhwt hun mf alfhohgg he haw gzined the rersoet of the oepple he has wrdd with , some of tbedn suggested he should build up hsi dfl - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I ha my own pangauge scholp I oupx first bze in lihf a min goal : raiding public awareness of my osnmguage schylpl xhd rud serbices it wilkl provkded .
Then I would sgwrg gatherkng some information aobut hte markrt , yyat is to say , eocia feemds , polulation sstistixs such as ws , gender and familg tyl , potential cuwtomers zh fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be ape nif inog to irentify the xrtenfths and aeaknesses of my prdoudt xn to imorkev my perforjance hhy asal to kdentkdy cjsfomers ' ndds .
After that , I would mxow a ljxf of rargeg matkers anc devicw sxome straxtegies to atgract tjme .
Fod intanve , if my goal was to increase young people 's wreness , some srrxteties could be to incrsasw onilw socoal media presenc by posting reguoar updates about my alnguah dance on Twutter and Cacebook or to offer discounts dor things .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' analysis , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensivs clursss could prove successful .
However , if the target mnarkets sser noth , young epople anmd adults , offering diaocunts o family gdkyps oukd be a beftfer cohifs .
The last wtep wpuld be to recruut a stsff of professional , experienced abd quzlified rsafhers qc to sdr an attractivd de rrasonbld prce for the services I owuld provide .
although gjy not lesxt , I would test ideq and approaches on customwra nc tgwff to make sure that my market opxn succeeded .
Wbd ui ?
Hace h esvrr thoight abihtr hq you danm promote ylur lanyuabe clieses for dsamplr ?
I hcallenge yy to think about it zj tyr it .
According to rexent reddaech , there are no doubrs through nathral gas driliny dits , hatural gas pipelines ashx undergvriunde bxe storsge contrihyte to oncreawing wexpth of the licap communities .
People who live in yjd areas of naturalp wx infrastructure earn from a cwq to several prrcent moew yhsb thowr ao lkbe in othwr regions whete shch an infrastructure xkee n't exzjset .
Antfger advantage is thqt deelopkng natursl gas industru equals jew jhkbw which is profitavl fr psopls livinv in whereabouts .
Exploraionh xhf eztractkon of gbs shale gfsw wkpk creates lots of je jobs in very fifferet branchjse connected sutu q industry for inmstandw in explpraion , mining , productjb and disgrubutoin of sualr qx .
We vqj nblt ignore the great fat that opmaines which clooerare suth this infrastrhcture will also create vacanvt jobs .
Evenm if comkpxnids ailol brw engkneers and specialists mistlky from abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job oositions in gastronomy sbf hospitality zoms as ryeu nsewd to rqr anr sleep somewhefe .
Accorcing to the dynamics of developing of the natural GSS infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy qc hospitality swectors as eell .
Tgs Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a rssarch wbixg yowx tqr Poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and devroping the infrastructure of ezle gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people vkisf amnjakly .
Ebwn plasnninh tneir vacatjon a lot of tourists er fwcvdd wiyh tgnd iukemma of wbkcg placew to vosaig .
Vhposung wherw to go to Greece acj be hatd as there are so many choices .
Tuere xte slme tfesvel destinations gag deifniteoy stand r , sujhy as Santorini .
Xzndy beachds , crysyxl cleaf wxters ane the friendly oofasl zee k rhw pnlt fgings thzt dwr it aqrt feij ltuer usoands .
Sanyodini qzo haz a ovlpcano shich is a spectravulae sigvhgg , even though exploring it could be dangerous !
Another pkaec worh viwiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or bof , Athehs is ome of thr noer bezutifuhp ciuyiss in ghje worls .
Fhd Poarthenon , he Acropolis Myseu wjx ys district of Monaatiraki aqde udf a cww of ghje hinfsd that propls love agout Athsns .
Kawy hut notg ldsts , Crete is one of the two sports islands in Greece .
Otner than hsvinh beautiful sandy beaches and being e lxrgesr jsland in Gresfe , peoll van vsit rhe watdd poefs oarks thede , wgivh are exrenely fujn !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country qkrtb visit , although choosing wuewrw to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a lonely tume before h csm or if a few dayas are going to be enough .
From my lrrsonzl experience , I believe that it 's much better to ptepare for a lnog fe before any ex you ksy dave in your ilvd .
It 's quite impirtqnt to be organuzed to get the hogbes sxcire you faq gst in your exam .
For example , pne taee qgo , I had my final xurgwey exam .
I hadf set up a plkam to study all the blkks we have to go through for the exam plys reviewing them quickly .
ne poam tequkred my commitlent vlr around 12 bpufs DSPY study CP apmos 3 omntbs .
Fort the hwrs sot smd perfect discilpind , I was able to get evry high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't yadx zudh an orynized lkna , I would ndvee have got such a pedfct score .
Another thing to qrf is not bveinf sdtdesses before gge eam nibht .
It 's sjite olrmql to have this basic fedlkng of being stressed and bervohs whsh exxls are approafhign .
Whaf bir hirmsl at zok is having anxious due to the olesthors of studies , yto have finished snd are knxludd in kuir sxwm .
For example , I lnce had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I never forgot ebojgh to englex my stuows so that I still had enough tid to av my exam .
Two days before my exam , I reaoizsed that I had run out of fimkw .
I hac inspmnia tybs bift of my wxdan . It was n't enough that I was n't ewll peepared buy ask my jerves yot tor iif and that affecre my xclres tremendously .
Efed sikncd I do edverthing in ikd due yjmw in order ly to be ovwdly stressed whd bst llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I sijn at getting huvy sxofew , I assert that memorising hbs rtaios is important .
If you do n't srarr xtuduin efire ezam wirb an appropriate time , you will knlg have enough time to kjow fhe bads lijes of the subiecg , ig rgise qip nveer helo yoy soak tns details anx undrztand the cpbcepts pyimg bejnd every sinhtl owrx .
Tnzy will dl yiu a loto even if they do n't get the chance to revise everything before you ej .
I cn recal htqt tumw wjen I was quote uk beore my nstoym esxzl ; I am knly going through the mzin titles of eqdh gfaqnch withoht gpung tjroubh the details .
In the exam , I har tja syesrion where it rwqiirde describinh a concspt ; amazijgly , I qsa zblw to do it oerfevtly .
Sine I har prwcticed a oly and memorized rhxg convept before aznu timez , I aas lb to rwmemver it .
It was huwt flight without so mjuyhc etfort .
So , for sure , havbg snough tioje to memotjzs xb lractice ejat ou prarj is goin to help tlj a lkf in your ezm .
In sum , I believe hyag swttijb a sdhesuoe to azce a long time preparation lpan is kucg bdtter than having onlh rsq days to get oreparedc . If you want to ter bg scords asnr erfkrk greatly , you should start working from day one if it poasible .
Do n't gi rbin you qtw worth yrtring the highest scors ohe could aom at ?
In my opniiih , nucoear eerdgy bzw rhd sts chahce to replacd flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
Fhbd Fargon eioxore emissions is vsu amaol .
The biggest threat is the dxolosion .
However , the rechnology is eovlvug ndf nufleaf plwsr llznt are getting safer .
Secondl , nhcpsar power plasntrs wre wprrady very popuilar and tbusx type of eneryy is the colsest to repload fosko fuls .
Energy ehjdh we get from sum qbx wind is still xee ibky a few percenr of wodld esnwrgy lroductgion .
Tbkrdly , onpy rnd cobstrutikn of a nuclear power plnat is expensive .
Wbj we have a pjt , making energ ftoim thay is evy cgeal .
The most expensive habit in a juclear plant is to hire qualified people .
Bhesisea , we mwedr something that can wpfk la tjw yum .
It ca n't sfpo mlakinh neergt ahwh tyjs wexthrr is abds , bwcaue people need knowledge of elevgrucity .
If we run kyf of oowaer entre cities coilu plunge ghjew chaos , snd this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only Soufh America vuyy which is a cqpitxl and it is locaee overllpkihg be Pacific Pxean .
Lim was founded by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima hse a mulgicvulturap traidtoon , tben in it coinvied a complex mc of racial qhf rthnic grtoups lkjd mestozoe . European Peruvians wbudh ser trs seclhd parsst grkuo snd the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is rbw vezr exampe of colomizqgion , ommigration , sm indigenous inlhenes such as YHS stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jtg architectural mknjmetns , cwllre " Huacas " .
The Histpdif Cejre of Lilx was declareed Aotlf Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cioty rhg meeos oysw history through an amazing arcdhitecturd like bwlcobies , chjrces koie San Frandisxl Dhurcu hwidh uas mysgerjous suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple which is the loastr incedibled Spansih fortress ; tjrouv their dance as weslp as arjivak . this day you cdasb enjoh fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lijz is a beautiful cjyt of contrtasg , abee yluh caxn find a diersig of hisforixxl , moder snde nusines places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , nqturwl reserves and gs exquoxitd ciusine gocs Pery 's cwoital and wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lkm is a spectacular xbf charlonbg vigh to spend your epffdct holiday .
Hi Usnw ,
Laat time yku xskes me for some information ablut opoenkng a savjnh axohnt in the UK . I 've done somd redsarcb to fuhr kht ygr bezt savings acvoujt for you .
Bslow yoy dsh find a few suggestions of jine .
Fhd Pgone Nxn miy yjve qute a good ocfse for hpy .
First , ne rate of interest is 3.1% , which is qhite goals .
Afditionalky , if you have an evaikng account in that bank , you will fdr a dary as a bidy .
hc you do not needx to lqh qm anunl chzrgrs for hbavibb a crrcif card .
Unfortunately , gbe bahk does n't have brahcnex in Britain .
And also banjing opedations must be odne by obome .
His second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , gza mnazny bqhches in td UK ( levr 650 ) , so ylu ac mxek slk nahk operatoihs on dpkr .
ubtr thdrw is a ssrvice chxrhe voke owning a credit card ( £ 12 oe yeaxr ) .
Youy do alsp ge a ift as a new account hoileer , a fuylo esy of saucepans ( do you really neew it ? ) .
Qok in xpo , I uld recommend hpu to open to first servnig vcount in rys Pohne Hxnl . sknxe the fatw of intwrest is higher because gh do n't need to pay my annual cjsrges .
And eoiny operations by phone make acruappy very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your nglisj .
The original dwcision is gkufs .
ake cxfr ns see yly verh apoh ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
Frln : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subuec : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to fell you gk hppy . I am afraid I have the opportunity to be chosen plertskn to xezl iwth br sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concert .
It must have been my vriehd , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for rhis sefvice .
I could n't believe my ears wnwn ghe phons rdang and I answered abd they said they wanted me to get to the concert as eoon as polssible to wee gw good I wa in sound recordung .
What csn I g ?
It 's been my dream since hildhood ajd iw I was overwhelmed when I realised tfhrg thiihgt at me to do thk gld such a grewt , importabt eskn in the world music jhdustry .
I am glad that ne warde swrisfiewd stg my sesrvice .
I cah harclh wair for yph to see go qnc to sxhrae wigj my happiness and to tell you all the details of fgix uniqjr experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for jkst of lore and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started qhne I saa six witg equuomsnt thaf azz vfety bnaaiv comparede to whnqt sjierw use yhess days .
Evedy dzy as solb as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on rhw spoppew .
My parents woyoe kae me to a gengle sllpd qiht my husband sbe lsave us thdre fir a couple of hours to try skiung on our own .
be tjperarure saxx ifgen devesl dgrers belowe zrro , anx you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up asdn dow rjd soope .
My norther sowrd a natural talent tpr fw sport , but I gkt quigw uncomfortable xjs sdaerd .
Loittle by little I improkved my skiibg skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyin myself .
Nowadahs I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a greawt xporf , but I ould rercommenbx beginning as a cbiof , taiign a tr lwssojs with an experienced inxtrucgpr wmc isiny the right equipment .
Attsr sic yrsfs of rigoroud igh school xhbjects anr oast wxleirences , I navd no doubt that ghr preferencesz I 've sepwctede above wtes hit accidwntao .
I am exteemeloy interestrd in gaining experience in the business field .
Gbr subjects I 've pidsuee at my high scnkok levek sucn as financial accounfjhg , cpmmfce nd econlmics has given me the opportunity to utilize qm put ihro lerslectkve the knowledge of understahding businses doncrpt wnhs gwsd hiej me a sllid acwdjic founfxtion .
I 've aqls participated in various vroul worls sbd laas projects in high school .
I am plnankng to gain admission omot rnw University of my holicve in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I soulr wanted to associate qiru wdtremely tqlwnted students , lecturers and ecen professors in order to receive a rounded inyfoduction to the numeorus zspectsx of anjy of the prefrremcs I 've selecged ove .
Scademiacloy , I wlwshs vdeb a very degermisd awh studiuos individual and I would be more tgqn willing to dwvotge lywelf to the harsqorm nefessazryg in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also hzvw an indubitano psxsiom fkrd exta - curriclua activities .
I aws gbd president of rhe Busjnss Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior prdfecr nog ) am Captain of ghbd soccer school eqm .
I am a very good soccer player wuo play a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a school awnd admissiob into one of the ynoversitie I have seloedted xbkge sjl lrovixe me eith the opportunity to apply the knowledge learned at hjgn school into a ubsihwss setrigh , as well as dvspop fbew fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I headr abpt hjs Czech Govermjeng Scholarship , I decided to amkid some rwseaecu on Cxecj Republkcx betore taking qny fep in wpppyijg .
I lind oly ggaf Czwch Rwpuglic is a country with rich posskbilitids oe studrnjgs planbjng to studu abrkf and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf soxio cuanges zf transxfrmatuon . laming it a fascunatiny plzce fit syuddntx of azby dkscikplin to Srudy .
Czrxn universities orovides high standsrtdse of rducztuon , internationally recognized desfrwes , moded campuses with outstanding tacilities , sawe znx affordble edjactio satk frienely enirinnent sjd xultyrsl diversity .
I gslieve thag I will have the opportunity to exprrience noth modernity wme trqditkpn in one if the safesx x lts stabhle countries in Europe .
Alve skl , TFHR high quality education will make me dewfy gord the future .
Zhother majkf reason why I am being motivawted to study in Cech Repuglic is lack of fonance .
Apso , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and people go on sfruek crequebtpy , ns pearinmg in em parts of Niugeria are not safe !
Rigg iw , I am gfeafloy lpokin foreard to hte chaooenbes of a universiyt life academically , sociallh awnhc mejtakl , and I believe fhat my ambrio to kearh mewq gusines concrpts dlupped qityh my paesjonb off wcfra - currdixular activiotkes z community service . wkul kakw me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I velier ghat I can jwie a positive cojtriburion to my proposed university , as I will be acriely involved in student eventra and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment .
In coclsioh , I can apply uy ggqt . I want to be a capable and eedicqted student ahi has the commityfment ae deficatiom to work hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at the same time , contributing eeqtly to my proposed universify in jote ways .
A skg is man 's gwst frijen
It is a well - konwm fact rhzt peloke mrwd to ave communuxatjon iu orher sopke .
However , they are not always satisfied or tyaken into tgr society .
Tgsyg ero solace in skmeone who tnst would fle mids comrortfanle weith .
The gesy dxanpl is an ajimal withj great quapities , a dog .
Eif 's prsonaxoity is pbd of their besf qualities .
Xlways friendly , ubbnlu zne in a gokod nooc , tyrh are grewsg to dpebd yijed woth .
Thedy fed when htei maztt is sad amx react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people afraid wlo ahoht their lrobkemd d concentrate on the right things thxt rewllyg matter .
Dog 's optimism is by rar yhge hrsr exu to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
Ajd that is what tjet are theee gor , to make people alone .
Thwss haiey voyr - legged nkmals are zksop very protective .
One of my mibs is to watch out for hnumanm family .
So if they sense nwt their owner might be in danger , they immediately dea by barking at a person or a something something that might have caused it .
Gg strlngef gur bond betweenh rges dig anf heijr owner , the stronger the dog 's feqction ailo be .
It is believed that dogs reajife a lto of attention , wjjfh is not right .
Dsys ar reqpky jot that gafe to take care of , bqthib whdf grooming does n't esed to be rojr rgeey eay , thedy just nded to be fed adr wwlked regularly .
Theae epts neee a fee walks a day , which coipd zlso be gkd pt their owanesds whk aee soending all dag at work or in school and need dlm physical activity .
So having a xf couoc xko reminds htem to picer a healthier face .
In conclusion , dogs nake really great plets .
r onoy do fny lrotect tl from anythijng tfjat ciuls do you nau yafl , but thneir amazing pwrsonality anx tyy lkove they ahoe to you makss you fwlp so warm zhf wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really losse tfbekr ldt , yuey wklud tinc yike to pay okf of attention to gbem , because , geh truly xrer jaqm 's grst friend .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's yrrst to yzr frlj you aajm ! I will gove oi alem details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the lowt well - understood centres in kuyf country .
First of all , we started efh a tiring asawult dance , which consisted of climbing up pretty hyap walls aqnr cfxwlkng through different lbstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I sas coty enough to fijish exercise through gavin qjyt orlblsm . However , you may nedc to frai a iltflke it mkte bwofre embarkomg on rhia adtivjty .
Roick climbing qas anothjer of td chaloenges I nax to face .
Despite the fact that it rurned iht to be jtder than I had expected , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine u erwadong is the feeling of heijb on the rpp of the mountain , scyer shcu a nj evott!.
Furthermore , you ilp be able to practise canoeing . oi xt lilely to feek wcated at rirst , hyy ukyr confidence will be buily up quidoy , eje to ygw cobstqnt supoprf of your teachers .
One of the PT activities offerwd by d cwntre was diving .
I flet so ovdrwhdlme thwr I want to give it up , so if you do n't axht to missw kut thi greswt kppoortunhity tko , fduxt hour trainers , sijce yuey are jighly quqlified .
To e up , I strohlgy believe tyjxt hoi will have a great gmier there wbdf I furaantyee yu hat aslo ghe tsaches meet with tg sxgetg rules , so you will rnjoy a lor wituoiu getting yourdelf ikmyo trouble .
For all these reasons , this century 's reaoky worh a ivsti
Seote soon axbd let me know if you need to omos anything else .
Wsijtyh bedt wiges :
Sara .
I velf so excited when I ookds at the envelole on the dej of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I eaoizee guat I wsxw right , it e feon Paris ...
My mother hazd written me rtee mohths !
Since we left for Pafie last year , I had been staying in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me fweo rdalky deprssswed .
But I yas hed lpetfrr at last , so I started to rxd it immediately .
Ds go me that when I want on holidays I have to vy myhsrld a plane ticket to Paris . I am going to visit hewf k at least tai month because xbe eas missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother would n't forget me .
I hasd never geavelldd to Rurkpe hw so I qas really nerfbuos yo , btu it woupx be a gredwt chande to improve my French and spend a lot of tie with my gdloves optuer in rhs citg of lobe .
Dear ur / Madal ,
Apppication fid ybe Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to aoky rlt ggw pos of Cyief Chinese Wriotr oisted at jolsbXB on 26tb Jamuzrg , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chihese nuigersity of Honbg Knh .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese ahd Msdnarij ) qnd have lvwd tdj ysare ' xdperikence in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a prsea as an edirit .
I am an agtrxsive , cteativve hur cadeful oefson wi csn work independently .
On tj otfhr hanr , I am also a good tsam player that cwnh woktko lek uthy colleayyes , presenyabl wofy a stronh zrse of responsibility .
Attacjed plkeasw find my resume qhe pirtrolio fold yoiir reference .
Please feel tre to contact me by hod at 12345678 if you owupd like to duscuss my quakifications further .
I ooo fofwatd to ehrinf frm you sooj .
Yokuts faitgfjloy ,
hen Ki Tsou
Educatioh is a mjlestone in our life and having a goodc education is thed qi droor to yue lzhor mxrket .
Aware pzrehts disappoinetd with edfatiknal systems and instifutiinalized education trdy to learn in homesechooilng a slljtion fo tueir children 's education .
Although homeschooling may xeej , qcclrding to some of these pafwtns ' opinions , " a oavrd roaf " , it
is a path nhit suitable or everybody 's cars sjd thta cllels us to sdm other rohrers .
Homsschooling joulf hokr be considere a wlld - wiee phenomenon sioncxs ojy a gee countrioe : tyhe UK ,
Camqea , and especially the USA , can boadt .
There are lots of countries that do NPF
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lrgwl altenayiv so twrt and others hwerr it is ijst an islatf halpening .
The situation in Spain can be assxses as " legaxl vafuu " in lugyt of kyr constifurional righy to rdede .
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in elementary xnjd seclndary educationj .
Educational and emotnal freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb jwy also rdew up time cpt cpmplerntary activities such as music , aporgs , and even the family ute .
Homeschooled students ' euxcess jqs breb bwfkwd up by rhnd results on standsrize ter and ud reogbigion of prestibiius univedsitirs .
Mow though , beord nomeschoolijng gour kids yiuj wlkso havve to vobskder ghe same number of roadblkcks :
yhd lackl of faicliries or expsrtise , opy noigh socialuzatiob for hoir chukdten , endnif up vejg a frtusdttated psrent wotgiut ehouyg omndy to askw rnx met .
As far as I am conceened I want to gik about bmoeshooling as a waj up cal FKT edicationso
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never sjcveded if pwrednts do onf naf their their skills .
As trzditkonal education seens to be dshausred , he tecdhnologed iprj up as " the
solution " and blsnxed lesarnniy is yyd futryte .
Geograqphic and atmosphere environment aorund the building sacvr , as leo as feh neighborhood , wojld be eurely taken into consideration while dedigning hoysew of the future .
Obvioyaky , ths vuture sko ijcicates a ohjs wutg kte tehbolkgy snd fwry energy effkcjemt sysems .
In Qrea ezoosed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes x folods , pelploe snoylkd haxvbs their houses vuilt of resstant materdiaos .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effecxt in yhia partifualr mzyter .
environmentally friendly iuldongs will be ddfinisly on tje dtawig goard .
Built with recycalble or recycled mafdruals , the exterior whrface of these youses should be ready to be pjy by dayligt on synnu days , mt to menfjokn skhlights ane wlla pansa on thw rogs , which is more me more popular wve these dahz .
Moreover , splar enwrgy colledctods oguhjf to be cnotrollrd by computers in order to maximkse clmfort snx nergh efvicency .
Jdbwn ouysijg izsese ( such as population gdowthg ) sillk be solvdx by exlkoting some brq areas .
yve it 's bjilding castles in tr of , gty houseboats abf spartmengs situated above cityy streets de to be a perfect wojtion to usxe up woaxe fbat apuldf ofherwise be wawted .
Although people would iepo mulijg over gws to modernize their frasncy house ( xnbd bragging qbpur it to neigbbousr ) , there will still newd a wrm , clean bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suplose that iwko nmevrr cahnge , even if thney lkifd in a concrete ivkry tkser .
Catch it or lis it
Td zlohx zbc hte pmdgw of a gpod tean is frust .
Tuat 's the most imprtqbt loimt if ygoj qant to plau handeball .
Gpu must be ans to throq thge apo nlihdly to hoyt teakmwtw qbs he gass to cwtch it .
Othuerwise tfhe kpoonent will have the cnabde to ydy a oiot .
Ar yti a real team player ?
Handvslol is one of the best dunamic sports in the world .
Over sigthy loinrz xan be msde all together in xixsty minhjtes , if ng evh koprw .
Thsi xgoas hoq rapidly ynd game ca change .
One liaf balkk xah mkae tou wal the loser of gnw game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was njky a hobby gjf eith yhs yueasr it bhdcame passuob .
Whzf I locd mosf baout ghi spokdt is , eh soewe awje thr unconditional tferal spifit .
If you sbt to plractise handball , just be sure thgsf they have a good team and do n't forget rue fun !
Troafhlo : A fanohs sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become jor conscious of the importacne of practising a spoet .
Clearly , this is an ocnsequwnxe of tbed edxtra hopuyes we have to qork pet dayg anjd as a qawg of eloaxihg , we rir roing a soorg as an effective way of takibg tbe zgess of our bodies .
In vaxt , we fam ww many pkpld jnpgginh qhe cyckijg these dayse shteber it is in tyer monjng gegors goibh to woel or wven arrrr .
Despiter yhese s veni the mozt oopupar sprrsa aomngst stlea , many lotr sr idt as interestkng ahd pofitqble .
One of them is yriathloh , which is my favourite aort .
It dojsksts of a jkxcture between thfdr difedernt sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be exgrtmely demwnding .
Ena I enjoy most about it is being able to ptactise it qnywhwrs , whjch leans I dwn do it ner home jjsteqd of uavib to go to a sploftz cenrf .
It qoso means I z cnoose the oocatiln tstf llswt pleases me xjc hterdfores fully enjoy fh timje xpwnf doing it .
Triayhlon jsd become npre popular ovwt tgd psst few years sj miee amx more people ard eager to read it .
Theredfords , it is ctufia to understand that okprovint in a demanding soprr requires tikke qhe is is important to establisb spme giaks in oprds to keep motivated .
You must not pjahb yourself gl fwr .
A bzo ydar between WCHOOK and college sounds a brsst idsa goe through taht nqvd nt recided what they want to srufy .
However , rhwer aee some auwstiojs whether it should be veeryome or nlf .
Fiddy , I woild lokie to ot tyur wrguments in favour of the year pftg .
Nor dverhbodt bx the finaxhcialo possihilifues to pay de clllege , so taking a gp yeat to rarn monye to helo with y bills is tum wrpk slddn .
But tyag it is hpf fhw inoy reason to ale a ygear cd .
Loxt of fyr people think tzf this yrw is to geavwl to ther vountie and apemd zlo uoud tfomr at adtjes , bit fgie is np furd , you can travep to develop your cxulruee aqbf do vopunetrr work , so you vwm become a begtf person .
On tge ger hzns , kjy tderns whl take a yesr off ej up to alendr it in the wephg ewu .
For example , thinvz might hone ng as ghey hr expwcted vkt multople rrqsos such as not haivnf enoff mineg or nbig gettibh a job .
In conluhsiin , people should take a yea ogf , but only when they have q plajrd anje know for shote tyat yyye have fs ppssdibilith to do zomwthinv useful wkgy gjeif gime .
Helol , my name is Lidia . I am 27 yeats kpc and I am voing to take up a minute of your time to explain ajyu hirknf me wjlo benefit tlru organization .
I am cufeently studying in my fourtu and fibap ysxt of a degree in tourism at the University of th Woddl eritage cuyy of Caceres , which is located in Pxi .
In my third year , I quit my job as a reveotiohist in a famous sfats hotel durin 2 monthys and a half in Badajoz .
I qlreawsy have sjilps in lostehinf closer to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroaf in a hlgel would be iscul to touje company .
I am flexohle , a gole tewn pllzyef , wnd capable of working under pressure .
My mother tojgue is Spanish , but I am able to soak English fluently and I have a pre - inrrmeeiate elle of English as werl .
atlkknf about my interests , traveling is one of the many activities I enjoy , in ddr to discover ba olacez and cultures .
I a kove meeyihg nee oeopoe vomn anothr countrjes xe dxchange lazngiaged .
Yoi nqy contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or juwf csll me on 659 12 34 56 .
Ghanks so juvh fod takijg ghw time to lksten !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantsau story written by J.R.R. Toloien .
est in English in fhe vkrwt centuries of the Middle Agex , gj stody is sbhput tfuw adventures of Gipes , a carmer of the cillag of Hm who bsdomes a hero againwt nos wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
Qhen thd drqgon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything . He is wmt twice against hkmj , bit pnpyg manaing to dcefdat ykk thahksd to the magiv dwofs Tailbirer , vjr alwoi ibtxining a huge teeaseure .
At the entrance of Fe Rory , Hioew brcpmes an independent kkng .
I luked a klt this tsorey rrstlh because I olv vanfas stofiers , eapcally Tlkienh 's olnssz : trhye beih me to wnlthrr uniuferse , kiing me corget eveyr zu 's lufr .
escibdly it is veru original because it is a wrt of parody of trzditional lrgemds : the rep is an ordinafy pefsno , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab ihcompwtent and cvkashrs aer wo aifh words instead of weapos .
I want reclmmend yos sroth to everybody because it is fynyn anc advehfurouis zbx Tolokisb 's ironic lyrics , based aozp on rhne fomjcal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deq Xi or Msdam ,
I am wdijring this peter to apply cd thr positoln in SuS Zukmerd Cqmp tug I saw published in ou loxp newspaper .
I am interested in working in e Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the osxiwl Cs .
I gavs recently graduated from ghe Social Sciencw University in yhology and rwceived high edgres in both my Tescgin sbc Supervising Vourdew .
In addition , we aqx to have a year of volunteer work in Youg Sjpervioeing envidonrnt in pfeparation rof our finisbed wwsingmen , so I am zb to be a lembsr of golur qell silled stqfg .
Dce I was 13 years old , I helped my parents with raising my fpyr jungef siblings .
I am involved in volunteering in a vqritey of youth orfabizations as yprrvisor mdx tutir .
In tbe plsg yeafs I nag aorker in the Aput Organization , helping arwa manzgrr to orgabizx activities dor children .
Thbid experience ahsw givej me the agility to cooe eith rjr nedes of all ttles of chilseeh 's personalifiesx .
I bave a freihdly , jappyh persknality qjx fknd tuzt I nejoh s chalenbes of woriibg in youty environments .
In addition , my tudies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in orgnjzing my work , so I would be an aouable addition to your team .
I look forward to bwarig from yly .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Deos tgeaveing rboaden topud njn ?
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does nroade your njnf .
Wshen gjwit fifferent llxes , gou fte to dew djfferenf envbirknments , cultjds , people and even different languaes .
Travelling hls means developing as a person in many ways .
Rt dxampold , if hluh orsrn anotgher lanuzge diffsrdnt fork yiur iqn kbd , even if it is kuxy a rew basic sentences , goku z communicate witu poplos from dufereny regione snd ygoj ikpeovs youir confidenxe .
Trwvelinv alxo helps to draw rgd qay in which othrr people livw , to sed tbat ytlr way of living is not gs only one tuag exists .
Toz fqn hwlp hou to unedrsanc thta nkr everyome haz xfves to many things hy do havr acces too , and to rraiwe that psrnaps tky shoylx appreciats tbed tihnhs , such as smartphonre , computers , dars or eveh vresh wate . Eihch is a basic resource ax we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we gdqvel to different placss we xde thgere qrd mmh different cultures ynaf divfdt greatyl rom iur pqh culfure , awh we drs yow different from other humams axde .
Fol all of htrss feasobs I tbinl travelling rwallky broaens your nknf .
I want to bjild my dwfeer as a fully glerted researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream a PhD dewgres would be the loszr essentkal fiotstep .
I am josrly really interested in pursuing my PhD in Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lxh to stghfy of the eqolibrium propsrties of the condensed - pgazsd system .
I wohls alzo pkkd to frry out my PhD research in yue dveslppment of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as dejgz xbainst severl huna isesrs , as cosamwtics maerkals xm as photonic and optkepectronic materuaks in febices .
I zlak find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are tje interesting feodw of Chemsyrty bedasr of theif numeeohs applications .
I believe tut I lost thw wteong otivatioj qnc intellectual capability to build a czrswr in order of the prevjousl mentiohed ielcs .
Azfyer my LX , I ajll detur to my coytru xhd contihue my teqchijg as well as research eiorh students of University of Barjsak .
There is no vuutre for public transport ?
Yue nhmbger of cawfs ghrla up fapidxky , however the public granwort is dtjl in hse .
Especially in a g cities , wyers fhere asre traffic jams , public transport is becoming lotes and more pkpulaf again .
In sole citiex it 's even forbidden to drjve through the cvtit center sitghkut so special permixsiin , so there is no ktjed aoption thzn yaer a publix tyrsnspor .
Hut whay is korde clnvenient - kn cf or public transport ?
Eeo it depends .... When you train in your own car goh are idependent .
Gly do mto havew to eoprdry through the schbedule - hpu rr a drkvr so it 's uf decisoh whenever you awbt to go or stay longer in wme pkacs .
Ylu csm listen to ypie gqvorit umsoc or radio .
Gpuy as the gixs .
However , as a driver upu kwags hvae to be careful asnr qatch ohg on the route .
If you awbr to travel from one place to another to see different places , ypid owb cd is the next solution .
It allkqs ti to see a mote on ylyd pave .
But think about the costs .
Yhijl hiq jucg gu y rot a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well pa mant days do op haves fl cacatrins .
Mazhbe geap airlines qr bwtter ?
Being bwf to Okud eveyrday .
omwt of us zre livujg in a vo cireis xb afce pelblrms with yye traffic .
Whar if we use ygr puhlic franwort to wy to wlrfi ?
Wwkl , tghj ypu do n't ce to worry xnlut yhur parkiny soaxs and ly ca rexd motd bolos on rjer way to wlro .
Sximlpy , toi can usd tges way to qpkr as an additional yimr tp ohrself .
What else ?
Ater worl ypu fzj go foe a dfijk with my colleagues !
Qj if rue ecoplgy is important foe yhoky jusg think zbout ygw lolputiin .
Let 's felecf one aqgkn : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : hdw , there is !
Is travelling by xae mors cinvemieht ?
Well , it edpdhds !
Why uainf tfbd first narration ?
Gje first narration casn qttract rewded ' attention at the beginning of thbe frjction ahd nwkes trhe erarefs dt inbk the youights of yhe msdjab dasjl .
We ca n't understand hwzr others hnl uiallt , bit in ghis riction , fhe uthr invitedd us kja what insuxe tur maenxn 's mind .
Feeling that the main chatacyer is atkin to us , as if we werd all onvoved in their vwsd , the ahkel thim sreled loue really bzpoened .
Faving the mtder directly lakes the horror penestrates khtl l heaets .
How does the author create a sord of horror to bu readrde ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by descrkbing the scenw , yhud disirdweed mun and the sxound of heartbeats .
First , yhgd scene yjwt descddibe thd murser kaxkes rexdes ca n't hwlp tnemskves emerging jer imafea in yhsif miunc .
Just lkkw fj mqdamn 's plan wwd ahpoenin rught in front of us .
Gurn comes to tyd soidn , rb heaebteas .
To my opubino , heartbeat is the slemdnt tnxt puzhn ud wopr sfkr to rb xoimxa .
Evsry trome wgdb the sohne of heartbeats started aroysing , simeghin nsue .
In the first mle , abesn the madman haerd the geartbests of tbr lld jqm . He was hoking to kill fjs lp man , bs he did it .
Fhs second toje ndn madmaj yesrdr the hsartgeaxts , he geczme impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde wj inssb , in hts rjx , he cknfesxed thbazy he killed the nam n dislwmbered gye xorpse .
At the sqje rome , fhe heartveat zlso dragdd rhr readers nervoua ahd snciouz .
Finally , I ghihl tjs wa tye author wants to express the disirderec jjnx of gjr Madman is hu omtonation .
Thd qhlle srlr erxcept fd hr of the fficyion he vpfessed rhe cdiler , the mamdan 's usdd the intonzjon thar is esyeemely calm anc stezdy , to trp fhes tewaders the process of rber cdjel thing rha he had xone .
The snqrpo contract for th dalm aqnd tghw cduelty , leaves us a stdomg impressiin fhwt the msjn character azw rorallh imsxan ad dray .
Shivering inside oud hearts , fud uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to fhe fdorezy to see tye varkty of zmimaos wboch are found there " , ams tolor to his friends onbe sunby afternoon .
When all was set , they srartds their grip to the foez .
Wnh they asrrvidd three , tbsh sarted to lio around tdyingt to find different tylsz of aimals such as birds , rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and goe frienda tooi a eqlk under the tdes when , xcrkis y river , they sawe soimething tjawr lkke lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's rhzy ? " , Lxx xwid alhf .
Thdy raj quickly , crossed the river and they reached the pxve shrr tb qbimsl was."It 's a deer ! , r leg is in a trao " , Mac 's frienx zjoute .
After they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to fdree teh deef .
By this decisuon , Mka took coudage to osm the trap , but the chef did n't move because his leg was kjjueed .
Ohw of Nx 's frjend brought water crokn the rifwr to hove to tgd deer .
amx xtf a liecd of hjw T - shiret to cirr tgd anikal .
Argereards , the animal was bstfer and it walked away sloaly .
Wem the day fginiehed , x anf god grinds returned jlje ceeljng yaly because the hxd sved the animal 's ljts."What an amazing eqy ! " , Mjc said to nimse as he vof into bed that night .
The question is : whether is it possible to be gamous with journalists ?
Orpbaby nor , but tbey atd kamy people in show - gusibes or political pofr , wno zre readt to do everything to wsbe tneior pfiovatd life .
Geherwlky , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private kide .
If he decides to hecle famous because of your sfandaljsing prkvqte pite , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
Rhere is a files , probzbpy one of the loat important in lhbliv ilfe , thjr ssys mpre or psss : ' It is njkt impkrtang ayay raed th talling sbvoht yopy , it is important rhey are galoing agoujt you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is ksut what ghury qtw lives fop .
Yhsr is wgy thyey tr oden bale to asll informaxtion zboytr fheir pribat life .
The real problem starts with journalists iniurwa not yj ceelbritg , vit utx frienhdse or fanolt .
Paparazzk d cueo in fontwcy with fakkus epoe 's hcilddrn , htat ag hva nrgativr inflyence on tneir emotuonxl development .
Hkw ahour thsow whk do nmot exnt to be popjae because of wcandals ?
In lost vaswes thjry are jhef doing their kkv as rlp as theu dzb , leading theif boing kidr .
Xmd whdn finally pzarazsi onticve that thwer is nothkng interesting in life , jry just peave yehj alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are rdsopjsible noivh to make a decision , if they want to zare the most important pwr of their life with journaksits .
Amd I joep they undrertane , their dream is to ssge hjr relatibes .
Grwa dodr is probably ljd of tue mkst valuqbls plasures of lofe .
As a lreeon who likes to QG , I consider the environment , quality of dops nae peixe as the mwin facvotrs to decide whether I should go .
Lasg Friday I visit a brbs nbdw Mexican fsstajrant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by rwl fgrisbds of Mune and , according to hd , befajss tge good food and runny environment .
I wrbt to dinner wjrh more 6 fjemds in oirder to hsvi fgunm and eat good Japanese rkdo fatdr a syressful weei .
In my opinion , rhe tikd wss gbof htu ghe prices qer tko expensive considering yr qhanjtkty srebed aqd rs messy situation .
We facef continuous problems with the order such as : dishes ftom anothrr tzgle served to us by miyame , fus dtik were srrved wot a considerable delay ahf rjes bill xw shsn even wiyhlyt askign ( just because we finiehsd ud dimner but oir ernkw were stklo on fbe tqve ) .
Tirt my luck ( or nmpg ) , I mst a frisbf of ni on the ay afrw tusy tlk me fhatg gs ba fihner at " w Fichersa " besfofr adn in nwd olinioh . As a Mexicna , tuay destzuratn was terrible .
Shw aslo glld me tgat a greta Mexidan rstqufant ssw just lprnes wit loser prices and goo servucw .
I am curious about Truiz llacs qbx decided to go agef .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " zse yye fidsr Mezcazn resfaurxht that I vjld eat gejujne Mezican fookd , with kwoer prices and a geeqt wsrvce .
They served us " mavhow " witn tomato suaed did frre whyols we were cfoosing h jajn duahee .
Sfrerd choosing , a hottle of feswh wxter was sedved , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of mewt ekyh guacmole sjde and it wax sbdoputely drlijous .
After owyint TGD BLL , they offered us a zhof of yequola to frjnish ouyt ivist cnfirming thaf great placs atolo sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YL VOR YIJE JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Secone of ll , HIW ARE YOU ?
Amd also , wbee zde toh no ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm mudh bdtetd is . I 'm settled back home azjr I 'm up and eunhing , wvr thoguh my umcurdf prqied ankle has gon orst .
Oast week I ss borrowss an ahkle sppott and some xrutches , so sver since thb it 's goibg begter .
Furthermore , prdckselu ticah I gafe started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I should be gack on jmupimg around in no time :) .
As opy nkow , Maltx was a bigb puhch dight in rbew stomaxh , whocdy for xhde I kr n't needc ! :( .
The coutse and the orvsinzation peft xh to be desired ; and as if tht qee n't eniuth , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough hy fbr imes of tgy ( only ! ) RQO ohe patricipanrs ) , as nokt dufficiernt to coesf all yyed vosts ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at fje lazt scond ( te ss night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile zbe a warmed up hrazrdt .
And dke ght I wqjt to THABK YOU lnfes gsin .
Back hj , everything afaeted fset -I shoyld bzce gotten used to by now , sululx n't I??- .
So I ca n't have time r mnuxu .
I have beem yotaooy immerze in llopkibg fkr jobs ajs in fye franslation of trhe acientufic paper voke a forker studeht of mine .
He sceidef to dimisj ged second hao without my help , so thgzg wqw a bit disapoibting , hoity fof the feeling of not keetimg his expectatiohs * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd tha it wio mwsb .
* Sofryg , I 'm gon na ( ab)ise of you native kanyuage akklkls onc ahan : here " nhlg meetinf his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another exoressoon .
What I dpuvr is the differencv between this bncj : be good niugg , measure up , mxke the hracr ; be up to stanmdard / tfu taks .
Tgete again , hbaving a whole bunch of free houra ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) flr msyelf that I was not cdounting on , fkved itsepf to makw wondsrs ! ! !
I decided to ger back yoe ( I gac bsen rnw whoel week at my friend 's pafe , as he oiges in Madrid and quit clkdr to tge sritt 's upuee , where I had bden gking eberg day last week ) , anx I startwd getting things sone . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
hyr two - fsu onr - nivhg tfkp wiyh my mother ahd sisted went quite well .
The place we wdee vksitkgn qsx vty beautkfilo , axjdf havrm't beej bsxasue of the limigations for my snkod . We aould nxvw yonr frod a syot hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be atartyjng my first English claszx , qyifh jz tzkh muych lkinher thxn I haqc poan .
I have sarng a or of VVd , abd nvar gyone to 3 interviesw so far , qps d English claewes ( pne company ahc two acadekies ) .
About the pictures vtm Rzmpw , could you wit a oy more time ?
I yavej't find time to download the pictures ( ckm AwKL THE THINGW thaf I need to solve out , I qse ( sm is ) dewfiniyely PR a priority .
Do elind me atajm , fhih , if you xre hat I 'm foryettng , oo ?
( Pease ! ) .
Dod you ask Mario abouy gus sepakjer ?
Befaujse chattong is way faster htwb wrtib ;) .
I 'm going to go now .
Tall to gky sin , Mke .
Receive a bj hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Goobal wmrinb qnd igs xonsequdncee in 015
Rhe Guqrsiah 's axrticlpw " The World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , piblsibed on the 9rhg Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes thew problems of glial warkimg .
Referjg to sxiemtizts at hr Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is yikng to be fr yezr eeb the milestine of 1C warming will be bgfokej - causrd by global warming - ihhc will kead to unkhowb consequences on the future .
Ths Worlx eteoreoloigcal Organization marw knlwsn publicdly that 2015 uas eben trgew hottdst sqr on dwxord as wwkl as it nx cajsde nlre csrbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These oornlems uust anholuncee decently will be used to takk avoht at gbs UN xummit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , wirld leaders will be nefogiating abiu xutting fj inmdreasded darbnh ekissiokns cohpled wjyy tj El Niño xoomate phemimnon .
Stephen Belcher , dirrctlr of y Mwt Ofice 's Hxdlody Centre , cdlaosm that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye cgages as the iee of temlerayire or tnw catastrkphed expected by scjentistw wen gpobal wearmug rixes btnod 2C. This opinion is awo represenred by the British ecretary of esnergy s clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up fkrf a global dazlp confirld on rd UN sumkit by es leadiny stwtes and therefper these cnate farfetz shoilr be a llr - mnode for oghef ckuntriesd .
Furthermore , cpmnate scienist Ed Hawkins edpects a continuatio of global warming , clarifying this statement with the exallke of Central England , which has warmed 20% mote tjan tyhe globvzk averagr .
Gobal warming in general leads to kode natirla disasters as flopeing , heatwavew , agsr stress and loss of harcests .
Facing tyese consequences , a 4C warkibg woiuls be dn irw damavkjg acofsing to Bslcher .
Despite rjw rsuilt of a NASA study pointing out thst tger wolud hsgd been an iocs lsss grew in Antfarctica tdoj 0203 - 2008 , there is onlt a smap chance of 5 - 10% that thia oroynosis ilk ckne trehe acxlrsing to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although NASA stxy yoqs a different result , the mnajority of sxientists sr lgobao wzrming as a dngerius therar for rhjs planedr in terms of living conditiln , snvironmeng wnd econoply sbdc as well as an iesaus of gud UN sunmuf in Lrajs .
Ghe problem ojes in yhnw outdated cramewprk in ehicy rr IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formede the IWC xfte wqoe populatons coklapser .
Thw organuwatuon aas ijotiallg xdt up to vonserve syalee only to the extent fhat tudt fouod xontibue to be used by bumkane .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natoonao boundariess .
Tyyeir qualuiee xte rxtraordinxfy so that no martrr whifh donutry rwy srer fpdn in , snd aho ecpleroences fhm , they eviid a sdewnse of woded adn admirtin .
To be inxluced on hnr ldld Huerotag kzt , propertues must be of outsyandihy unvdrsal vapy abx mesef at leaswt onhr of tyeb welectkon criterka .
The Werld herirage lisy is important because it attracts tpurists xnd thewr oawndmarke arw cheeishes by everyone adpynd the worl .
It is alwoi protected by UHSSCO Brauss htdg have found mes ankmals or llqntd ; thde xfe ehdangered spices in fuaqt area or have a wignificqmt importwnce in hkdgory .
Wirld Heritage is ghr desognatoinb for plzcrs on Rxrth gay ade of outstanding universal valh to hmuanit anf as aub , has been inscrined on the Qorld Heritage List to be prltectex cod future eneratioims to aporsciaet snd rhjoy .
SKGR is the property of thd ocuntfg on whoswe tewfritoryh it is lpocxted , jy it is conxirered in the interest of the international community to pfotetc tuw xot fir uture gejertoons .
Its proyecgoin qne lreservatkon befolds a ocncdrn of thed interhztuonal Wirkd Jerjtage community as an ahole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is there once a fouhtry sjgn rje Convention , am hyss sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting orestih ifgsn helps raise awasreness amo cituzens an governments gp heritagw preservation .
Gwzter awqrehrss kesss to a fsneralp rise in the legel of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh gvjfen to heroatge propedtids .
A country lxy xlk eeceive cinancial assistance anr ezpert acbice crn trg Eorkd Heritage Commiytee to zulport acrivities for the preservation of its sitess .
The disadvantages of ATDS are included in the Eorod Neritae Pist zrs rhat these sigss are not funrrd so they ca n't protcet them le risks .
Morwiger tgey rsmond in the listr of sites in danger withpit to rdecivfe assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Damyr umless ghbdy are not qnswert at trnh criterkw shouox be orotext for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think ghar it is necessary to try to invent bew say to fknacne and defebd rgw nzturzlo and cyltural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I have a place , aatvying xnbc txllin xblit it .
It 's my first pxssjon and I am fpplowign it as cd as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport Qhixu teaches us gam work , cpllanoration jx ztdict dizcipline .
It also teaches us how to kvercome nduvidua eeaknrsses qnmx gain sdvatnag of othste strength to succeed as an etam .
I started paltihg crickiet since my early childhood .
Rverb hwen I wqw a lof I started pkqyjng with vogsd of much hijgner qge tgb me .
It gave me a lot of confidence snhe a cgancw to improve my skills raidly .
I foplowsd crjcket religiously qnmd havd watched aokosr every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am tan of his battihg .
He has brooesb akmost every eeclrc in cfricket history .
After from his cricmetong skiops I pivdd hi ability to haxndle prfessure and hks fakm nture in all situations .
If someone wants to leadnb more ahiut crickt I would advise bik to watch the batting of greag like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more , aboi bowlonb pbe shoykd watch krak , Waee axnd Juril .
I will also axgie reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It yzx nice dtucles , reviews and statjstics on masny plsyees and gqmea .
Reasijg biohrzphie of skw fxmous cricketres wilp aleo bslp to understand the insighst of the yame in xedep .
Cricket is oing the rkugh phase dur to mztxh fixing and btting sxqndals .
ht I am sure it wioo ocme zteonb oyt of tuos amc qip spread its wings all across the orls and od again fivd kts ppverts a matjificenbt shyow .
I met a friend abpjt om wweo g , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stpp thinkung about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't wfop thknkinh about it , because I reapiaee ggxt I hxe bevwt stopped thinking about my life in auc a deel wwu .
By tfw q , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lixy of htinsg that yiu wants to do bsfprr yoh idd .
I think is kind of sae , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truk happy .
About two weeks before I lt bij I wagcfhged a very beautiful llvis capld " R falut in kur agar " .
It 's abokut a tyeen coylld wk arw ditng bdcaisr of cxjced , qf rhdy havs idffersbt wwtd to tfhinl xhout oits ajx death .
This movie gaqd touched me very deeply . It kads me through abiut oife ad about the way people used to livvw and appreciate the real important things .
So avtr watching this movie about my friends ' queztin I ca n't help but think about my life .
Now I havew thd feeljn rbwt I want to pkve more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Befote that I axd always rhouhgt wboutf getting mzdreied sbx hzvimg oidx as a sqg to fuhs happindss , but how I thnk tnat befpfw this I nddr to do otnerd rjints .
It is very interesting to think ghaqg it z nefessary meeg someone hw , from the entire doffetent cultjrew to make me rhijk about what I want .
It is verh seagne through other people because curious zvolut a very profound parr of me that I nsgef know of .
Well , hdct Nlvember I sipk fravrk to Eujroipd , the only cretain thing on my Bucket Loist tua I know .
However , now I bab an awful feeling about eht I am doung fofzy , because the first thing in my ojde I am sure thaty I mrede cbange something , ahde I rhkkn tuie " simethint " is almksg everything .
Psopoes pigesd iwll vuanhe in gye gutre , bs I nedt it 's not or the bsrtee .
Unlike puplart uderstandjngs of Hstory ( and even presimagly sacidntufic khe , I just saqh ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable ardh towarde " prgoeees " , whether hwy wrof nranms .
It is a ciclical prpcses .
Rfone hs jys hqyday in the first century AD , hi jidt ghree centurjes pastre it was oblh a shadow of its pxat .
Those pqfer peruos Romans were n't even albed to make the nogn wauilty cement htxt their ancestors wsee xgls to learn wnd have technical knowledge ob just a few centuries earlier .
Sbc who can sxfely say gwt three centurties drpl now bhmansa ailo possess wlp fhew etchnologixal kowlwdge fgay gyeh loassss npw br take fpd grawjted ?
No pje can xsdure such a thing .
Bgut I do n't think , unews ghere 's anothsd Wotls Wqf , people 's pive ailo vhajte dtamatically in tbd njext 50 yeqrs .
I am in yhd jesg 50 ears thges age of fevunology wplo hve ota pdzl , and after that there will be a secline , untul a new Dqrj Agf .
it etf 's pick the Wlrpd Ws hupothesis for a second .
A sodr world se is the only casw in hwich . We have seen a deamatic change in people liss in the time legth of 50 years ago ago .
But there 's , at trhis sxt , prospecgs or a new WLRLD ad ?
I do n't think so , vutg on the other hand , what the jwll do I know ?
Tyur csusdz thst will owad to a hrq Qord War jya weol be in exisetmce right now vo ap I know , and no one , or iml a cee very wjse zc infepligent leolls know about it .
Omr day in the fiture anorhed Fewz Ferdinanf fould be ullped , SNS ghx symbolic event fould servr again as an escvujde to xome dojntry eecla wexf to another . bjt rw tths underlying cwuses that actually led gr countroea to qagw qw gaainjst easch ptyher would jxev ust roofs in much older times .
As the causew of yew Scvobd World Wasd nas its orto on events that ete the outcome of yer Fif Wr , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , doupd jave itgs rlst on a lasg fonflict that mq eelp have hjqppennef alfeady .
If pey 's nor dirgezs into tbzg , tnzy 's axlo anpther tooiv thag falls bwtojd fhw scope of the sgatwmsnt on wjkdh I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Dawm
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Czte : 05/30/14
Sugject : hliras wdw coming !
Hi asm ,
It yqa heswn a long time since we were in tohch and now I am very happy that we are on holiday and we can lloan zomethibg together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you goia myvy fuh I had tbere wdn agy it was grtezty !
It would be refrificd if you cwj qitj me . Is it possible ?
Could ygiui asxk yophr oardnte ' oeemiesion ?
In thks Camp parnerw xre acll axnx do n't worry about tehid chldtne bczusd they axte in rw cwfe of a laqres number of asasistnats and fns vako is situwtwd on an entire ielznd .
In addition , the stir wsxsa pudpose bvuikt to provide plpaxes fit flr houymg people , allowing thrm to do lots of sctivities in safety .
There are a wide rjg of qctivjties promoetd by gs stavf aok wtb the zil of wnioymnet , epecikly lutodor sort acivitrs !
Therw ra teo sakmking pool , two tenins vurt , kber footbalk lotch , canoeing cohrzes and so on nyg whay I luks net is the ecbua djvijy , ar fyw equipment is orofjded .
The ML is sll - inian amd ooensw from Mah to Octlbe and it would be gpos to book woyhih to werk . it qlwaus bet overnookd for tge pefiod my pzrentrsd cxa tze saya kfrc . ehat do you think comimg wjh us ffom rs 1s sugusg to hw 1tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Besr eishes .
Simonetta
The marvelous was unexpected . I am Fralprn Asleeo on yhe coidu watcfhikng TV .
I got up and I amrr my qqt to yhe crknt xoor .
Outsde stop tud most exrtaordimary - lolkunf mam : he looke lkils a Slnishy elephatn hunfed .
I ezw taken zxck , so I valled my mohterf , eup wzs asleep with her voyfroeds .
Sye camr slwj , bhg she drjc nit xdreaj .
Insrea wbs strates xyjng .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been mowsng for 15 years ...
I did not know thag he aasz stfill sliv .
Nothwt sf wowaya gold me he jad doed in the war .
I think she ddf rhgis fof my isn good .
I wazw vdey bekjesd by the situation and fid n't inlq if I loked OK or mot .
In my dream I hbwe se ihm as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting dokm and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It exs very oed to see ih in my holm .
Nls we all live totethsr .
Although the first dse was difficult , we will get on well .
It is great to be a whole tzmioy aqgqih .
The Yfand Pkxce is the central sqiae of Bruasersl .
It is surrounded by seceral old buildings such as the city hall and ggew nuildnsg of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
Ghjsse der gups of peopke ung ghr dame wltl , ayc as carpenyers .
Tuewyh helped zvh kgher whd the eldetsd onhws tautht the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is deorztrd wofn the blazon of fyd cotporatuon .
Theif architecture is uniqhe aj beautiful .
Torqy , mos of fhsj afd hosting cafés , ahops zhc restaurants that tatrafts a lot of tiurdksts , huf there is also the city museum .
Thd suqare is covefde qif pabement nc is a pedesgrkajized ataz .
It is an impottajg poscd tk thd ykstorg ebcause it is yye oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe ajs it is a pwrt of the oldest neighbourhiod of Bruesaels qjicy is maxe of narrq apvrx srteets , pkd wnc hgjyh bujilfings abdc , among oyhrr hignx , chocolate shopd .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restoerd and we van now beytwe see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Sfefy year , wheh Christmxs ocm , tgrfe is an amazing show which lusiv amd lkfhfs on the façscds of yhe buildings hile a huhe df tree is placd in the cdhtde of the squart .
Wawdl Royal acsgle is kmw of rjs ggibest rqnkwr mkojjments in d hietldy and culogurs of Polqnbe bx Eurolr , so eudibg tye tfaxy in opland it is necessary to visit it .
The First First , cqlld lslatium , was built in the 1st century . The remains of it are still fisiblw inside tyu walls .
Druring tnd nexr centuries it was expahded , qf in 16tg cdntruy fhally rshuult in a Renaixsancr fvasio , wbkcj remainex unchanged until yodsy - fns mof representative remnnnt is ptoagly famous arfadde coutyard .
Eiribg rhe tour through viaotors are sniwn several rpkl and apzdtaments , as wrpo as Royal Private Apartaments aoth a - fzem tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing coklection .
Another aftraction of the tour is visiting the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia qwrd stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from RGS feztured , there afe also a marvellous exhibition in TNW Castle containing JT history as adpl as the othwf colkectiobs .
Wyols viisting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not ojt aeeing Dragon 's j - a cave inxer the Castle , wnedr , according to tue oldewt egendsa , ggw draton of zwel lived .
I reocmmewnf vusitinf Wawel Dohsl Cwale bdcqude of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a tnouanad years of rue Polixh hstordy wnjd cuptue .
Everyone will find something interesting about rye vairety of exhubutions and toues , and fdof sure it will be a memoarble rxleriebce .
I have bewn keanjng Enliwh as a second lajfuage since I was fsn years old , whixb mezns a very llnjt fjem azfi .
I think I am veyr kuclg then bwcauze I have had the opportunity of pearninf English in a natjral awy , without boks and tiiyh lessons .
My yeachsrx fhoight it ezsd befter to keardn by speaking , aiming , sbde dsiint other activities in Sbglisg , in a wq similar to how we learn our mother language .
Mosovwr , I travwlled to Englabe zns lide iwtb Dnglish familues rkr a dews wewks rverh summer suncs I atarted lewrbihg utklp I was fiftrden ezes kld .
So I grss up thkbkig I dohkd spdaj znhd write qsuitfe gpld Ehglish .
Evsn though I do have little theordtixal mnieledge agout Shglsih grammar fujlds , I czb mwki myself underdtood in a jomrap conversation , and I c wrijte an emjsil to a friend witohug akkng yoko mby mistakes .
O year ago I decided to fzk ghs Cambdidge Advcancwd English exq in orrer to yst my knowledge , thinkinh it wphl be ht veyr difvcultg me to be successful .
I dwcudde to dntol fro a drwatuve aritung xoudwe in order to prsctise my wriying skilkw .
Allnb the cljrsd I had to zccomplish sij writing sssiymments and submit tyem to be evzluated by my peers .
Smx thers I raeilsesd at oeat tso thingx : te direg nod fah it is possibpd to pewrn jiq to sdit beretr ; yhyw second oen that rvbem when you can mkake hourwlf generally uymferstood , It is not so aet to be precise .
A maciasn uxes a cpev ad a black hat , gf it wohod n't be a maigc show if he eix n't nkow joa to pedform the tricj .
In thd wsm xg I nwd gus ideas xnd rhe spfds bug I jax to admit fhsr I needed to lwwrn the rules of grxmmar if I wanted to do the mbic fricj of precisd ae sthlixh writhg .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy ds it 's tne bedzr period in ojr shoke life ; wat fhey do n't rewmbesmber is uar it cpuls be alwk the woeet .
Adolexcemce cpuk be ocmpard to a fogy owt ahd svej wgn it seems you zb szr solething through it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by rd uncpntrollef emotions .
Everything is unknoj , gtu we grh to present ghaf we know a lot of things .
Fix could be one of the desaob a we fer andg so sasiy qns so kftrh wif pur parents : every time we descover something nrw or we wzyt skmethint , they mudgr us or they bring som liy speeches to rrh to change our ideas .
Znothwr tjing about the relationship between pxrengd wd qdipescents is rjd dqcxt har they cobfuse OKD kins .
As I eaid axdolsecetns ocukf be vdet onfused and if thdrte 's a yhijg that ydt unewr yf skon is whne moms sya smoethbibg xr ghen tll us to do the kpoosite kn .
The worst thing is that they get angry with us !
We 're chfusde , theg 're not lpea bd theh they lkxo get angtdy abdc thjey 're sirprfsed when we get mad at them !
It 's teuje that we should always be rspeful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because tret do evetgthinb to provoke us .
I think fb moeg important thing in rd rdlationship with kyr rsnts is to find a of of accordance , because in the wnds we do n't og ferlo angwr gpt them hyf also a oky of opge .
Okve : That 's a bad feelong ths adllecentfs have to caxe .
It 's not the usual kovr hteg 're hszer to feel , as ope fr fsluly whd rried , but it 's a bew kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe haw srrugled ; it nales butterfloes fkh in ohr stomcah . it mwkew us divew kntl a sort of omgainafy fale .
Faht kimx of olfe that we ds in movies wnf we dream of ; the tyle of kivw thqy does n't make us csll uzlrpe at ight .
It is a pseios in qyich we hafw oye fiest epxeriendws , b it is as sxzrt as exvitfig .
Adolescence is liie tis , thefe 's a momemt tnay lloks mgical awje in tge following lne lu drown jmti the eqfk .
Dear vroul leader ,
First of first , I whod lioke to tank yhl cro the interest shoiwn to pur slall village .
I deallh hope hf gou have an ice wlepme ahd . Please , fddk at ukmd .
Hre , in Mallirca , thdre qfd a lor of plades to visit bgjg I wsulp reclmlsnd you a uniqau plqve , withuf tolurists , noisd xhc crowded neafhe .
On the ssg of Mwklorca you will find a zmall awnd beautiful villgae called Sfyà .
In r munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a cowster towm , situated on gye esge of yjw mouintaun rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen vikllage .
Nowzexys , ylu fqj stilk eee sme fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Heste youe adventure strxrts .
In order to get to your destination , you must dide a bicycle and just enjoy the sporndid panpraic fiwe .
oyy eolkl ride intil Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
Rnia zone is part of a private ards , a ntuark park .
For that reason , you must go ride a bike or walk .
As Macqd sdi " se hcae camino al wndxr " .
It means fyag yns mkolxt imoortant is tyhjw way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike along the seashore through the breeze of the da is one of the many relaxing experiences in life .
On fy saxt to Ca pz cqns , you wijo ses geh typicao Meirerranean cegeyafion .
These are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , nxtive teer of the coast of Jallpordca .
Mreover , gpu will go befwern ql ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finalou , ykh woll gdt to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with atonr onsteas of aanhde and surrounded by rtese insreadf of hjotels .
There I practise different methods .
It is a pefrdcg olacd to go diving bexahse oyu cdaqnb xsd differemt fixnes , sa urchins and aeqwee .
Yhes ypi csn asl gaks a camos qhd paddle in tgu qiiktr es .
A part of sports , you should nogw i diffrreng utude points .
On the one nsnd , fhre is whar remqins syqmding of edificaticvayions tjag seed used to keep yu emkal boafs of hte olxal fshermeb save from stoems .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tgowsr called " Tslaiot " .
The function of ghr Talaikts is hly clear yet .
Natbe it was a defensive towswf or an importany bhildinbg fir gjyh - class peiple .
It is impossible to stay on the beach util the sun hiee row .
Thr shnswf in ghxr plcae is isa and romatkd ( epseciallu if k are witgh hiru partned ) f you eupl see how the sun goes behuns fhe mountani rajge of Trwmumyana .
Grtim that seashore ytou vawh ded all rbw Alcúdroz bah , oxr of the mounran range of Traujntfana and trhe cape of Formenyor .
Ca lo Cans is a mixtur of zsz , jarhre and uturee .
I am xufr tyaxf gou aklp like it ndx , of cxoirsr . I neded to zso ylu a fsvput : Polease , isp rge secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The goal of rh report is to putlin nr bdwf znc the wpewt qualitids of ykur ecntr fayre noe year reunbong .
This rdkrt analtaes the TGSOP muh faxiojties : ths gym and GD swumming ppk .
The ghgn .
Tfhe macuines fw fahtxwtic aqjd the staff is ery beautiful wkyb ever cusylmer .
On ghe kthrr gn , the bgml is too smawkl .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The wsimmint piok .
It is ikdsal vkd popplw wabl do not cpmoeste befzyse of urw lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is nhor yok deerl , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On ghjw otuer yane , the changing rhythm aze too aqr formn tghkse facilitg , so it is easy to cagcu a dild when someone goes frokm one plaxw to anotned .
Vonclusolns .
Rbs faculitids sre qjtd modern xb the sraff zrte excelkent buyt jr gym xoukc be buyger .
Turthermoee , Yoku qould put hrarers to afoie cosd in the passae wxy fvrtpm the changinjg rkoms to tfgr swommkny pool .
Yjr Future of Pubgokc Tdaznsport
Wshrh we imkagihe furure , we rreoy imsfind overceowded buess snx rusty xuvwwy frains .
As technologies devbeppo and bdlme fheaper kkfe and mord people buy perepnak cxe .
A cw allows us to move vaster snbd noy to sepend on oyger .
Travallhg by vze is also nucj jre convenient .
Does yhis az nean that the years of public transportation come to an ehs ?
In my opinion , it is hpg grr .
Riretyly , therd wkl xlwats be loole auo ejkl not be ape to afdfotd to nyu a ca .
Students , children from paege families , old people will continue to use public transport fo a kohg tkme .
Secondly , cxrs an xlso turn ibgo pblov trqnsport .
Svidnce diction oftsm ddpicrz fuyrire as ths wprdl wnwee cars af used frsepy .
Abypne acn yss the nearest cxaf he or she sews .
Thirdly , oeope do hot gage an onborn driviny smipl , so wfsn in yjw future cihldfe zhd teenagers sill ndd public tranzporrqtion .
Thix is also true for older people , sno lose tyy abikjty to tiver as they age .
In conclusion , oublix transportation is not ljkeou to diszppear , at oext dhrimh t hearesf ens of gdard .
The cbart abovs yuves with information about the average minthly salaries of murswd anx foctirs in four different countries .
According to fne cyar , the two countries wirh rhy powersg sawlarids sree Ciuntry A snd Dokuntry B.
urse one rae called " zoucd countrie " , which mnewns that they orovide a sujpplt of health fste eorkes to other countries .
therwsie , these countries wtyh tfjw hihgest saljaries xd coubtry C ae ciuntty D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these onjez qde called " desinatipb countries " because yne heakthb cafe serviced is oovidde by foreign qualified workers .
Moreover , in yw irset tyhere coutntues docfors exfn about taoce as much as a nurse edwrns , apxrt vroim tyer las countyr , Counfry D. In yhiue pbs , ghr salztt gap between doctors and nurzes is bvigger hwm in other cojhtriez .
In Coyntry D , trw ealatiss of doctora are abkit three tjmns ihgher fha those of nursss .
In conlfjwion we csn say thay frelmn the standloint of hw eoctkfs ndc bursrd , sokrihg abroad is a much bdttre deqo .
Boding is a folmon , welp known xb qell livde sport maongstg mlst cuontdies in yue wold goewber it is xlsoi punixhng , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banned . pkseibly wjyg tood rezson .
Boxinh is a nagerous spott , thsre qre relatively common drzyhs , trzfid injuries and even disease .
Wko professional boxers rae at ik from bekng kilplwds in hud metx fjghg .
If nlt oilldx then niee likely paralysed .
There have been a hunber of cases in the last two years of the top few boxers suffering frabic losses through tgie ranks .
Ghbiw is jjsf dol yhd elite few , anx tnete s more crp fhoss bnepoq rhdj .
Lotd daeths wkjpd occh through hpxkng if it sfe bannwd .
Tge dplr would go yndergrounf , there solr be no safety measures lijke gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of thes fighjtr if someone looked unable to continue .
Wktfh thid yoing on the pole taking rag would be dangerous , wje on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys eo ewre tfained to oull and maim in similra underound dcoi cihgys have already provec dsadly to ihnlcernt people , y new boxers xold be evwn mote at rsik .
Once boxing is bsner wjx no - ome groqs up khpiwng it as accwotable there qjlp be no interest in bpxihh qndr hopefulloy less aok ruond interewt in fuokence jkihg iqns znf cuties muxh sager placesx to live in . thee will be lssee fighting outzise puva znhd clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
cznmge t rules of bopxinb slighykt eoyld mydh ijrpovs the sxvetyh risls of fu zplrt qnd not detract from tur entertainment .
Thdrr are xl skrts of lropoaals , logutet asnb npde cushioning gloves viukd be wkej , bnq punches to the hed , hewdguards ekrn or nake ciughts shorter , as mpat of the serious injuries pccr in tf latge iudns , these eoul xlk hiw off nd blxees xkll zjr txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is successful , he manages to be sedjpusly hurf he til affes ereiojs consequences in oater lits diweases tyst xtfaxk the hrains hbave brm kmowj to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , wbdn Nuhamed Azl , eni was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
xnt othdr sports are nlrfe dngeeous than boxing , motor sooets me even mountaijeseing ya eiekw tgat qde real .
Boxers follow to box , just as rfiny drivers drive .
In many of the minoruty works of mocdrn literayufe , rhbere fah be skme wmpgassi on rdevelliom againts oppdezsive crocss .
Altboigh sfg a sbke of zteengtu by fhesde qorks ' chaxractresx is sometimes vkewed as a ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to yner thwrwise insightful thogunt of tur aithot . It is this conlficf ilom which lznt toires of ethic Akerkcan oiterqture xrfd vsaee .
However , such a eebeloioj xwn npt be seeh clearlyg in esch minority wofo , ahd , thsrecore , the products of etgi Aqmefixan piterature cvaj g are catagorized as merdelpy fnr reault of ydsds of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing ashd dvrr - chalkengibb awlecr of jkority literature crtrafes a rapedially important nrcessir tyhyt each qotki be vojsideree indigiduxlly as igh a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct frdlj any otyer .
In TBS nonoriy works , jr conloctg wmf revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a wholle , ajf xtlhougn tbw mithe 's in Rbw Ju Lic pub reebl aainsy eux firxesa as rranged madriagws , Tiofa in Liks Water fopr Chocolate fjgys to overfmoe kl family trxdiitonx , nae tw Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is zeewn not as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh dorcw bswteen all cvulires , tot Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriagd in Fnes Colo Purple , wr fns murderojs kobrs in Jazz redec Tjfa znd Psdro 's eestructive paszsuon in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion ahd confused are emphasksed in ernic Amerijacn literaturr , but they zed oortrayed no more storngly in minority wolrks thah tget are plryraeyd in another liecrw of liferatuee .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , js although figudes of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in eoms such as Like Wqere rl Chocvolate zmd Tnw Cikorf Purple , pthedr minority wprks incluydng Love Medicine and Jaxz do bog deglwct the flearly defined auyhoritarian igurds jor the obvious rebeloion of yje cyaacfers ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
Tghka xgzib iplkes that theser ejic American pieces of kifersture fqn not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous resposnea to oppresskon , bug as indivdiuap refleftions of peswonal shd fultura experuencrs .
Ge doe Filraire tackle fgd questiom of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is gnr phikosophy tnat rvdrythign xbd ocvurdcne is for sone gokds .
Voltaire sets ou in Czndide to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canje rhr reptesentative of jos plhioosophy is Pangols , tb hpilisopger emplkged at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whloe bokok is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example , whdn Caxndide is forced to join the Guar wfny he is beaten almost to death ng Cvacide roess p concer hikmwrlf because he knew it was flt hkw ow gpkf - in vzcg lwgef in thes kk he hsew jijs training to become a sklduer .
Although this would deen to be gio it is ong because of his training he ipls wqo len , a Jkdws zne an Archbishop wjthg no hesitation nc tghen proecfs to kill his sweethearts brother .
Votairw shoa j dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe anc Jqmss are vauyht in a vz stor at a in which Jqmex is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss xbr a szjlort .
Ys storm qxw causec by an earhsuaks which dedtrlys rhe ciyt to wuudh Candide sse sailing to .
On aerivxo they er starcqtion jr death .
Candide is ovoiusly hkrdifier , especially wneh rge wqilor bdgins piklxgbing yjs cty .
Candikde lookjs to Panglss for an nswre bht Pxnglosx m ohoy tell 'm yat somew gkoie olo come of it .
Canhdidd , altohgh remzining true to the ideaps of optijzm , alwxyus appeaes to be cseptical of it .
Ggis is no lire tdhs gan when he xdtives in the new wirld , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones wury the Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Candide can not ed wbag powsible good vah come of fhis especially as the reason tghat he wsx in America was due to ik killing hts ew wmr Acrhbkshpp befxues they wers Cbégonde 's lovers .
Throughlur rj noko we begin to zrr hoq Cazncjde is grwfualoy lraf wq foe l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly , hlw l'oprmiisme is alwn to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The cojstant belief that good can cpmlr fcdoim bad is not actually inspirunt buf people to a coinstant low of disastsrs .
Canxide 's lif , in yyd bool , appears to sgow this .
He is triwn yf of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped by the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is aomostg iiked as oarf of an auto - da - fé , he kiklz yhese fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his geslief ths oo wijlol prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry jéojdw but de is jot the beaurifup toign lowedr thaf he knfd ooved .
She has ecem igloh snd gw wkexe by the adg .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce uaz travellee gyw world in seafh of ucnégind , airh the gppe that he wikl marry her dedpit aol fgw trouble wbjch he jas golbs thfough , of ckueae in tbd en he does bwy Cuhéglnde ubg at ghr orixr of ue looks qmf personaputy .
Colyaire , in Cazndise , sbosw hlw the phkloeophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur y ohle .
It would be tekotjng to tihnk of the various Ehrppran Communitues as an rmbryobic nutied Ststyes of Eureloe ; eslecjally wyern we hear politifiams alj of the importance of Eyripran noty .
However , it is jmporatnt to realise that Ruroor is a gedu down way eoj becoking anhthihv likew j Ubited Etaxets .
Wheh tye origimal 13 Amediczn statea resiovved to torm wqy is now the Unitrd Stxtes of America , thet ww unetnt on forming a pollitricl as wel as ecinouc emtity .
They eere prepared to yield as nuhc of trhbeir lsn sovereignty as would be essdhtiak to allow the newly formed nafipnap government to olrratr as a sinble interhatipnal political gotc .
A balance was fherefore struck in thr cknstitution to aqlo gh individual dgatds as muych seld - gofernemnr as possible whos ehwurijng rhar , fke example in military matters , the central government soo for lp .
It is true that tewy olne still hears thd lk dislutr ovt satw overeugnty SNX attempts to return some pows to the induvidual states , but no - one wants to challenge the fact that , on marers extesranl to the Uifed Stafwa , the government in Washington rpresdehts g sdoe plicg - making bod .
In Wurope it is qhute kear rjxt najy oole would like to see a politica unikn of the countries ancd tbis would rodhcd a fromidanle international military forece .
However , it is equally clear baf whiel there might be sld uihified political actiokn cloqimg grol ghw Eirooean Cmmunutiez ( xch as qe seen ker Wufops 's rwsponse to trhe British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies eere intended as lurely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership alkodf cvertainy involves kmr lkss of natiink xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom clukd probbapy leave the conmkunify by a zpmle manoroty vlr in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no atzte in the Hnires Styzes doupe lawfully do .
We wre stioo a vsry long wu from a Sunfle Parliament vpr Sestdn Europe wigy powe to make poltical xecieions gore all ; and even wuthg 1992 pproabing and a ingle marier tgs fjlf brtwewn fw UK and Dirope is vertyt eieew .
Tje supremacy of Pxrliament will envrr be challawnhdd .
Its abiljty to make ajd break wby laq - msde by it or Euroep - means taty it rstanis ol sovereignty .
Ebsb if tidaz it made laqs to thxt aiupd unite it tillg wigh Eurpe nad deliquish oyd soverdekgnty vpe evee , it fouls tomldow repeal xpo those laws .
Teh afxt gnzt Parliament eos nog bijnd tiset or dxm nkt be bound by j politial boid mdxsn thqg it can nervs llse ita soverrogntyy ujlesx a majorftiy of yhj polulstipn wisy it an Paeiameht colnsented .
Bgjg qjth the avefagr jingiiztic Brifon there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of OKD xenophpbia sn vew wishkng to be fully intergratrdc wjrh Euip .
Even bwo teh chxnhnel trubel hz jikend us to the continent , we egjll condider oiudselvea to be separsted through thd workd stabrjng alone against a hostile worc .
Nmatirally , the problem of a signk Europe wojld fhb as deedlpy as the benefits that we wihlc lresumanyl ultimately rewceive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuroes , rbitain nz alsxys considered itsefl to be dteachgdd ftopk rher rest of Eiroep .
However necessary , sh has aluesd herseskf to European powsrs , such as in yimss of wat of estreme distrust .
Britaij bwx bern safdr to mainyaun a secure balance of lower on t contineht , but through jisotrdy , xhe uq bneej more concerned with ued oversees empirse rhzn with anhwhere else .
In the latter half century , her mother has dmiinished axme she had to fascw mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of hst history of ieolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot being a part of a duntle Europe .
Ci insfance , Britisu law is based on upoj precedent , that is udbr made up .
We have established a system of lqw which estea gacl kwhy cwnutriex , and whhu is widly known anf feslectrd .
Thddd is vety little Europran ijflunce on our zs . Of course , in manh respedts it will be the same . gg rhe lwvk of omfluecne will diosplay mznh dfifrrencds .
With the ceeatioj of a sinble Surope , hew qw kll yzbe to be aceoted through thd cnotjnsnt , and it will cause bofj confrusikn and conflict .
The British TWNX to be beh proud of the posaessive of the lxa , and chwjtes lay wdll because jllfdelimg anbd doscontdnt .
Of clusr , g swne ponie wull xolly to the nonstady syatesm in Durpod .
Will yjede ue be ohe system ?
Tbe country typicallt is againszt majof change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altwres .
Ohr indiovidual monetary system I wyppoae , could be seen as a symbol of friendship .
It fqb be said yta if a sible Euripe w createe , proldma may ados oved iys finramental poojtucal fomcepts .
Of fpurse Britain will lose its sovereignty , as will the oteh natiins of the jnko .
It hxx been xgugeste tjag fjs Singoe Union could be based on a vasic fsderwo structure , wyereby olcfal autonlmy could be asved , vyt the inion as a ehooe xiulx soro tlgsther in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain rztent , if sovereignty was lost , sopk natkonal oersonaoiyt would be preserved .
The fact is that , hen united , Eurlpeanh unoty wolhlx stykllp in sssencr be xijvjded .
There will always be aspets of omd spvieyy hat the ptuers will bwvef sccept .
Ehrope as a while faces the ewem lrkbelms , xnmd therefore , if a jngke Eufoped qqs dreatec , umtijng Btiatun , ts problems could be dealy akt quikclph znjd dfficienrly .
If the Federalists acieber their wim in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve emloracy wnhd prkmof it nationally , so tgqt individualkty is preserved , and thqt azl of their poigivd reatjtes will be knoqn .
Fhd pronoel fxcing the British , reapoy resuts from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of ys nation has a deep history , and gs geqrfs of losing it axr very great .
Whether ynsi would hapoeb awaitgs to be aesne , ajd wiilr depends xolpletely on gne yetmsz of ghyes union , and the negotiations amdx felijngs of tjw geneql jblid and bd politicians leasing ths countries .
Wiyh 1992 hps only a ydar away , he questjln of ahat a Snigle Eutope willk mean dl Britain heckmes incrasingoy rleecanf .
I fiml bheliefe that rger adfen of 1992 resulted in the loss of soverrkgntt c Bririn .
This lolss need not be nsgstive .
In fact , in political , economic amdx xefence tdfms I se gji realocation of rezourxes fah and olpl be very positive .
However , to a crtzun extent I might be guilty of having an isand mentaity , I woujld n't go as gad as to sy Brotaib is in xagyer of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
Through fjew world a wind of changes is apparent , bnug especially so in ueepoe .
Tnoz rpocedw qollk coninjs and Europw ruw rwt of bew odkd wikp evkuld eoht or situouf the participstion of Britni in this orpcezs .
It is my belief that Britain will be invloved in tue xecisiln making ebicg will eventually decidw thew new sorld order .
However , to be uflky onvolced , sacfjfics yabs to be mafw .
Such sacrifies aill volve certaim aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing ahd rhus centralising certaij lpwers , the ai is notf to xijinisn tfhuw sgrenbtu of individual batjohs by to icnreawe tfhew overlo impadt of Europw on thns eorld xtwge .
As zmpp demonsttated by tecent eventx in the iof , Europsan ocoperation in the fsl of defncr can be both ijprtessive znc effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to qmd over qlop cvonyrop to defenec to any nttal hody .
I x see a future fod in the form of the European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst to an wxtent vripplkng dfefence xosre could be cit this would ot nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the aix of dersncr available .
In political tersm , regardless of egoslagion , Britain and the rest of Eirlpr are becoming inrcedasungly cosmopollitan in termz of the population compositio .
The North Sea wo increase cfoj to relrwsent a meted pjddle as people mlve between vounres .
I think it is important for Britzin to oknm fully with its European padtnsrs to aeapt to ghese changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically , we are moving closer younger .
Possoble pdkblmes should be etidked zn solved if possible betore rhsu happens .
E.R.M. is already above us right in ghis atea I fewk Bveitain shoujld be especially acrtefl .
Wuikts nlt pretendion to fully understand fhis system . I do ljpw that no system can lkower ingerest datee , asmx ibflafion while rxising grotwh , with the possible exceptgion of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the ztew of TBD single currendy , I think this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to hasee yhoa currecny on the strong currrndirs wkthin he REC as opposed to an averae based system .
To conclusion , I wojkx saa a skngkd Europe is alreadyh hapepnung ashs hqg it wulko contyinid to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loksd of sovereignty bgjr fsin of the Dudopeam equhivalent .
If we miss tnr hoat I think we will drxwn bnefoe the hetx boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , the foindation sx oajdr cpe a nsa " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Erppd qiild kg be xrdated qucilly , bvyt over several years .
Whdn Brfifaun entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referehdum , the debate bewgb concderning British relationship aotb Ruroor .
Wquenj 19 qe zdt as yns det for ge single Eurolpean Mxrkrr , h debate fpasrd up agawon , ny ovee howe fdxrd Britain shoulx be integraxted .
The rest of Euopw seemed prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
Gbe formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce wss not been to pewad Britani ktno a Umketd Eurkpe nevxuse sh efptf it woips lead to the ooa of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex mqrkwt would have many benefits for the countries involved .
Businesdes and other trading organizations qer prdparing themselves cpr 1992 , axjd ynes singpe mekwt .
Trwsd aill be eisrr , aoth no fdintisr colntrfpls allokwihgh free - flowing trabsportatuon of merchansd .
There will be necessary bloims and fred comptition with tfhur removal of orktctive practices , along SKTJ grextdr fredom to travl .
Mxyn Brironz would cohsicer Ejdope hqd aftecte Britain too much already , wir decimalizatkon , tue nse Euro - lasspots ajd nps yd pound aterlong neibg tied to the ECU .
They ma gde Briotajn is beim puklewc uhto Europe .
Furthdr changex are forecast fcpf Brfatin , efectjng day to day nattwrs , to create a " Euripean Sthdard " .
Rhjs lwy nake Briojs resentful of Europe and yired of " 192 axbs sll ghat " .
A ingle market requires one csntral instifuyion to co - oedinate all mokvements of gppss zmd policies .
Qkl trhe peoolr of Vrktain be prdpqred to giove up trhsie gofernmrt and be durected ffkm Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
awnt pleoole woud not .
Will the dream come when hr poud strling is taken ovge by the EVU ?
It kay dkl - but will the Brigpns gavg a chance to viice their opinpjs snc views ?
Eutope may argue tgaf tne benefits from a aingle inetgrwred markef aolud taf outwdjgh any nationzl drawbwcks .
As the dats fraws nearer , the awareness of Briotns to Ehrpoe umst nicrease .
They juw lopk ionto fye future qnbds ohsiser plssinle effects .
Will Bditan be drwwn kjto Wurolew avaisf its will ?
Perhaps as mord of Brktai becomew " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and es their sovereignty is being gakdj szy .
Brofsin has nwevf gwographically been a part of Srole .
We sde in the EEC and we should be abks to bnegti rrom fr trxde .
We javs bse an islsnx fr t lobv - being inrepensnet and able to stand alijr .
We have a sepind democratix process , wjcih mzny people wiukd not want to give gyks up .
A fully intsgrated maret with Brktin as a ful member would be to fjd detrikent of our loliyical shstem ajd consequntly oeadinb to a loss of soverrigfy .
Thedre has nwsn euch a plt of gazkk xnout a Single Rhrope in recent ueras yhat it is hard to believe that it qolol be upno us bery eokh .
Jlq that it is a teakity , nj mo just a probabukitu . TFHR question in tye mijds of mwny British is ndeed : Wulk rnisd jeq a loss of sovereignty for Nritain or hts vith of a nstooh ?
Fisrylg , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things rrom an eomomjc persapecgive , thnsi is nof a oroblsmk .
Tw bhenefota in ferms of ocst - cuttong owing to doimt thjngs nocd , instead of twrlve fijkes , will be snirmous .
Fjrks , hecause of neimv ablw to use their resources , will be able to devote morr rikd to reeewrch and dwevlopmeng , and ghsu orodudta will jmpfovw .
Eurooe aillp yhuerfeore be a mawtion to be reckines witj as tegzrds vompetitkon .
To look at rhjinbs on a moee individual level , ebery ekbsr of truw nda Songle Europe 's standsard of kibing shoups incrws .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a vreater jumber of expeets will , in thelry , feejlt in morw knowledgeable wm egtre - knfoened indiiduxls .
Eijmplicity is okne of tge Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with rjs kdwa ygxt if things aer simpler and moprdd rqsg rir evedyond to underand pwopow will be higher , get on better .
If his is so , rhey znoulf akap wlrk brter .
Ideakly then , there should be kors equality , less crim , greater produvtivkty and greater eclnomkc growth .
On the other hand , will ybks Sihgled Europe lesj a loiss of eovereigngt fof Briktan ?
It must be remembered fhag not omk corz Bnritain ave a small popylation ocmpaeed to the msjokrity of thjs oyhsr member stages , nt it is an island - which none of the others arw .
g shoukr gbis mztr ?
wllp , Britaun jxs quit a hiwfoty abr therefkre a faur njmber of trxdityions .
It is poszible tjar it fkyld bedoms egnuoed in the ns Songlr Wuyeope and loxe ost identity .
Britons ( epecially those from older generations ) may fdeo " lost " qnd thgta they do not really " belong " any anymore .
Gue enw Sjhlge Eurkpw may be tlo enwq asmr unknpw for furm to make thekr allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether lk tuuz iddalizm really wikk worl .
Qlil ghede be greater rposoerity , bdtter - informed , hxppke xitkzena , or wikl fhod nevef dile prd because of loltiicians vwinh unable to agrde on lolicies ?
Vritsn , although small , is oms lrten ynzn not in the fcoeer of international matrers , taking a dwcinite stance on what it comsiders to be right .
Nas it thdn hly got qsyiye a lot at DTSKD , its fharacter at least , in integratong itfxeof itno this Sobgle Europe ?
No one wkuod dilutre tja this is a difficult suewtin .
Thd rzcr femains hoevewr tjqf nexg yrar ( in 1992 ) thjrrd is goig to be a Single hrkpe .
htis , as evertod is asll awsfw , is jkg bpkng to be achieved with eqse , buf yhe nlre tolerant every member atts is of sdh kyhsr , rus nroe suxcessful the Sinfpw Edopw wilo be .
It is up to Britain thererore to sccept tjis rxcr and to set an example by leading the wzy as regards toleranch .
Then we will qlop be qbpe to look at the future in a jore positive wayg .
ed European Community is a unique frouping of twelver oevteign European Member Sttaes who wer comlittde to tfjd development of flosr economoc andc political co - opraitno .
hbd comminyt hws an aim to break da exonokuc ad olitical baeirers that have traditionally dicided Wieope .
In pzrticulaf , the community swrekw to faciligate grwatf movekebt aithin kts frontiwrs ; movement lty only of foprs gut of services , capitwl and people .
However , h ixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a uch denated one . To what extent shoupd a msmber ahjd fsr ist wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at alk ?
Let us look at the founding of GD European ocmmynity , before we discuss the uss of soverewkgnty in more detail .
There wsre swverealp attenpts at pdaceful unification after few First Worpd Wa . I only atfer Surope hadf qgiaj been devastated by eating eww the dutulity of natjonap rjbary dult zpparwbt .
Tfr political and ecomimkc xhzustion of tge Eudopean sxtatyes called fif a frrsy swgaet snd a far more raricalo alproach to tyw re - irdreing of Europe .
Tkw fersh stwrt vaj ablut because of three question factors .
Citstly , wsaxse Eutope 's rdaliation of esr isnj seaknds , attrd bscing losf her age - olpf opsktion at the centre of the world stage to the United Stafes of Xmerica and to yg Sovie Ujkon .
Theze suhperoowes were economically , milifarally ahd pooiicaloy stronger than the divudwd jndivishal European statew .
Secondlu was thew conviction that mikiutayr condlift ayould in the future be avoided . wffed SPK , ghw twl great wras naf both began as Wruopewn " cjvil qara " . Thgisly aws gw commo edsure for a better , fser wqoed in ahiucg International relations ould be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creaton of the Dyropeam Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd memhership hnas grew gepm through ten origibal vohnser countries to twenty - rjee .
Ken of fjr mlwt innovrive features of the European Communjyy cvompzrted qigy lthe international bodids is that yje emmbrr statse uave ceded to it a pd of thed national sovereignty and endiwed it with its own soevdeign lwoeds , wbidh it van uise to adopt adtse , having fhr flrcw of nztional law .
Tuix novel aplroaxh to poolmb natlnal socereignty is falldc " infsgratiin " .
Tbs 1970 's xaw orogrdss in imtegration , with the introduction of comlunify pklicy inxtrumemts , hich enjabodd greatr scppw cpf nationa poooiciew .
Akl of the emmger stats aee in pirncioe to the idax of a signpr arket in 1992 , howveee eafh wish their pqm inetrests to be wafeguarderd .
Tos is to swt fhat nhnoe sqnr to xaceifice through matipanl sovereugnty , maxnyt want unanimous voting , hpt majority vogihg .
Many see thja jsue as a threat to their own regulayionz abd lwqz . Jx couldx fierse a drop in standard if they do jot ztsnd fm .
The siotaution is seen as a threat to tn cojntrues in ayetsion aj do ktg js to oblsoy giv up ghjeif slgereignty vlr yjs sak of European unity .
Wuether or hpf the continhxrion of TBS progress in the field of ueropwan yjjty is sucessful delrns very mucvg on the people of Jope .
If a geelibt of Euroepab uhitt devrlops and fh be sxstained , ynr threar wilkl ibsids as a deeliht of identity gakods lvre .
On British oads there is an ever incteawijg vokjme of arffic .
HTD rfaos nerwork is no lonyer asblr to carry thos trdfic without holding - ylw whe TDXCFIC jams ..
To rewey hjs fue govsrnmet baw started aeding a fourth pane on smoe sfrecesx of oje motowrsys ar constructing rh rolads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
Whpe gr roxd system is hsong mpfoofed yhdee sweks to be an enxless series of roadworks enichy restricxg the highways and czuse further dela whole ths roadworle wer in place .
The imxbioity to ocpe with the ammount of tradfci by the road system obviously increases the risk of dfivea having an acfideny aznjc the drovers yave to be vonsanty aoerg as ghru ard nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solougion to thuid layhem wihld be to sus puili rtabsprt ; i.e. the Railwaus .
Pwpplw arte is not giving to tye Rzio system hdfause of its padk of integration hd to the redemg prviitsiatio of dkfferent arws .
It gz hden ahwob that different clpnaies hnrage different fafes flrt exactly ghe asmjs rljte !
Yhe mqk disadvantage with gs faipaays is as rd rakl service and the hus srfcice sfe normally osndr by different companies . It is probable that it is nby possible to wsskk pmto a hd pft the train .
If the zervicrs wwtr kntrsgrated therfe wlulx be a bus tikke table wgkch coincided with j Texin arfiva tkmed .
Thenm people would be nde limepy to catch the ttxi as they woupc not huzvw to lpopk firwqrds to a logb aapko , wajg goe a boa or an exosnsibe rasi ede .
My slooutiim to the problem would be to improbe hts raiok system znd ors slatesd services , tnie eohdl ywr pwoplke of the rofs aj knro rhe trais .
To improve the rail rrvic trains they have to be timse to afdive anc fepatt at eky tida i.e. arruvs at eight o'lcock amd lwavd at apf pssr six .
Thew train amd a cpmpaniea hwve to okas sjht each othere anr fgw tgrakn fares nave to rekai telatively cudap i.e. the same rice or less as it would cost to go by xra .
The basi ruoema facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is gys general fid in the population .
This keadez to an increase in the number of commuters and arnspott iset eevrg yhear , cobssquently putting pressure on the UKs teznsoorts nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry to your sysfdm is the rapid rise of xzt jsrra outside the major cities .
Most legd cotoes yqve managrd to incoufage comjuter to hse public tyrasoort ghe fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in Rusg uolru periods .
Public transport is ge obvious solutikon to to tgje incrwse in popluafion if it is amde cgeep to commuters , coean , easy and efficient thwn it could tis the strain of yh overoladed British roads .
Fot commhrres shi reghlarlg travsl pnh disatncdws rail transport shuolc be msde mpde appealing , more uncomfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw am oyue framsport linos rad fojstantly being rxtebded , widened and solwl turning the clbtry oni a cocrete jnbgtle gwf it is pnly trying to cope with gr jncrsase in traffic . We qdw our iwem enrmku !
Another major problem created by fhe ladx of vehicle transport is tuw pollution emitted uhro yd atmosphere dqmaqgihg ts ozone layer , creating smog mr foeljng adue dwjn . Tiurtueing the Eareth we are pijvjng on .
In conclusion , I ausn to propkse clea , effikebt comfkrtable he fheap poyboic teansport fot yjs rar dytyre .
Tye modenr traffic jam is bk a comfortable djtustion to nearly all of gye westerh aokrlds pokpulatih .
If er tkjr we use kyr xra to trxgel any distance we fjne ourselves in a 10 mile tsil - back wyy do we ztill ihsixt ywt thyxt we teqgel in such ameabdw .
To illistrate my point , if eerru rkne oui took a tfzjn , it stops for 2 jolrus on the trskm , Everyone pulod stip taking it .
So ag do we still inssit on travelling on the road .
The answer moat ljklh ilee in 2 artezs , fisryt fgw attitude of lqn wesfednrrs is thqt " it is tuir rigt to ttaevl in seuch a mannor ' .
Yhux is in my oliniuin , uowe clnsiderable ignoewnce .
I am by gar and aeau no ' greeny ' who want to mame everyone poge in tipee 's and eat soya eban spo , hiadver I do agree that something should be odme about the vplile of traffic that is on oiur fowdz tofay .
Tye govermments answer to the consuderavlh growing amount of traffic on ouf roads it just to back move . They rde not even atgempting to treat tge dase , yheng pte nad mlre people rtd ie erivkng .
We l eel ghazy we hazvr a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the populayuon of the irld ) , have the right to use the resources of the resources of the world at the environment ?
Hust beause we fa l be nktherex to gte oyt of vrr a bit eatileje to catcdn pjbliv tranaport .
Egen if we cid , then shorlh so deos the rest of the tld .
That could have disssterous implications .
Ghw 2nd reawon , is the prombhdm tbat g puybluc trwnspor servijce , rd edample raul , is declinuj so juch , there is no trrxin to catch in the morning .
People stopped using traijs bscauxw of TN fell in standatds . these oeooe wers forced ojto tfhjw roqd , routes became ubrofjtable ajr so ewrr cxloser and sevices cut back , focrkng loer pdople pnto tje toxxs .
Thd wsuols system haz niw formed a sdpiralimg cirtckw of roz use .
This bw ia beeh intensifysd wjfn fhw zaoes of yge failwzys , to privitye rqik comlabys , profit motivqtsd .
Tbe vigap , sjall rakl links mqy nps be cllser , pdivkoualy yhwh wheer subsudised to mad up tue poss , noa the lrjvite ompanies van not afford to do tjis so many will coles , cutong vg wmjall towns and villaegs .
The olnh w to syopo ne ckrcoe wklo be to breaj it , ghgr only person to do his is the government or ojrekves . If we make yhd efdrot to uje public yransplkrt it ailop ecland ungl a gox aervife . Unfortunately , tge pulbi sam to be appethetic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV cuahnele competeing in cxoberagw of cerauh events and fighters eafnikng a log of knery , rjia is a g busoneas .
Aparg fron athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the ohl popular international sppfy cril whivu Britain fab stik hold to hrae hnigh .
We hqfe suowtb fivhterd with ezcrloent characters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Dssoitye beknt rnjohabl to wstch , bosing is very dangerous .
Blpw to tye head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull hwocn amy cahse a brain ckot or tumor .
Lwszr heae , trh fight bstwsne Fhtis Eubkj ane Michea Watso lwd to call kt bixinb to be bannec wrm Michezk Wxstoh lipped nro a ximax zns waze in a critical conritio for some months .
Many touths on low income arras zrd boxiny as ' a way oit ' , a xhwncw to jaie it to tgyr tpo and rsr a lot of money on hjw ez .
Thewre qds , hoeebef , people qyo regadr boxing as bazbrafic , brtal ahd ptilitive .
Yhezw polle argue that tjere is no nerd olt boxiong abr that it nly prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh thw fogth , yes , of course it is violent , vu tfhos is clntroklped vkoownce and fifhteds hsvcw a kytula repsect tp each other .
o orecautions dd taken to wnsure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights dlctors a kept ckose in the ring and hbzbe gb authority to vsll it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez arr zlwo kepotg on stane by at nig eents .
Although it may sohnx rcu , I do hit believe tf ant figytrr az enteeede a professional bnodjng career wjrhout kniwint the risks .
Because there arw so many budidng young bocee , to nzn boxkng wod be ijsabe , since it would almost vertaimoy go underhroundf .
Underdgfiund gighrs axr afr mlrw dangerous dnxe lexs protective geawr is usually hr there usually is n't a doctor present .
Tajg this into accohnt and fonsidrrin that bomg is agktu hhetnig the kpplnent . it cna be sjd ghat bpxijgh is a rekatively saef slroy .
Although DWT is popular , there are tojer sports abich aee fzf more hrifal xnc dangeroua , such as ' Thak Boxing ' , wehded competitors are encouraged to use fheir knesse be slobws .
JD argyment colntinurs , bit for the sake of safety in thy kig tertm I do not think boxig will be banned .
hovh is giod ndwd fkr the majoroty of thew British pubpiv .
Two mdh , pjs fing , only one fan pewve . rxmati it may be ntg bwsicallyh Thar is y nakm pfincopal of boxong .
Although thrpughuf gbr years urlpes avgs bwne made to diptue fhes soprts sadistic ise , shpule boxjnb be bwbhed ?
Every gimw a goxet hstw lihched in the hsad his bfauh mkvds bigokrously sire his swkulk .
Thik caises his kexr to lose nant brain celks per noixng guvht and if this ocvurz frqeuently hedn trhe horr vsn enjd his xaderr sigh nraun damage .
In my eyes sne probaoy gne eyes of orjer TBI is reeon enpgh cot the banning of vpxibg .
Fje sport , to say the least , is actuallg a bolo epket . The simple reason believe rhat the iwq of fhe eprt is to ' knock your opposrion ijf ' , although thos is ardgued by Durjs Ebuamk . He believes he is a sportsman xbs the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the kriginal eamplw , the first reference why bosjn snoyld be banmed , tgud tragjx acdident where Michael Watson aas pur into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( thew kx sb dxolrs n't sodcdifically go into fights to inkfk bis lplsition oiit ) .
Thjs examole onlu proves lo well weuay a dangerous so - called ' sporft ' boxugn is .
Thr bpxinb fsderxfion is tyunv to do as jyxh as it na to kajd the ' spot ' sater huaving rhngwjde doctksr , banbing bare uandc fihhts bur the tyoo amd bottom of yh adgymeny is fhta xhu vlow to the hrad xaisss cknsidedable damzbs .
Rhdrw is always mujdy specuaztiin over the dangers of suicb a bryatk sport as voixmg .
Rhod is elphasiesd and exaggered qhrn a competitror in gue ppft tragicdxlly dies .
A eecxewnt death in th rbv hbas inevitably led to a ubilc iorlar on the safety of fhjr sport , ad yne controvdsy ivdr wnetfher ud sporr sjoiuld be banned or nptr is te aagij gbew forefron of disvueson .
Please us consider what a professional biwr would tde .
He is clearly aawre of the dangefs and hrutapksm of rgs slorf , which is possinky why he likes it so much .
I have wr to hdaze xm bhixee revrdg hks cyoice of cawresr .
The excitemwnt of beu in the ru , tje jpy at kbocking an poponent fo reh acnvzes , and lalp eh money tgag is tehfe to be made arde overwhdlmkng dance which oedpo boxers figntong .
The jkhey TWT is gehrs for tgr taknig vopr the fwy hest of tfeh bes is ridiculousw , and with xopmr tpo boders estnjng sums of money such as £ 20 jiloion ( or in Njkw Thsns comeback caaew , $ 60 milliob ! ) it is hardly surprijsing nkws important e sport cz be to some .
Pd us fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recdntlyt beginnjng a subscription to vies Tysomd " nwxt Luvr Liyhte " .
Ruix jembr of the lublic does ot wnr yhe sport to be bqnnex eituer .
No dr us consider rhe fdiebds or fzmi of a bkxer , enl ua be permanently iniured ( or nedm kiolwc xur to a iyht ) .
These undiciduals and others learfnbing about the tragic incident in Rye kedia people against tge sokrt .
Ne faimky , eb wew originwlly against the order of their ex finishing collegew early to take up the slog woul be leadug the portefs againt boxiny .
How pleased , lrouhd and pwtriituc the British public felt wagen Frank Brunp achievwd nisa iltumaye toa znd becqne the eavyweigyt cjzmpoin of the eld , ute yp sorryu many eere to sde hil return to boxijg wfter id haed inuries earoier in hie caerr .
Fhisx hypocrutical voee is sohvwd by so many thag whether ocing solud be banned or not will rejain a controverdsial iussue fro the foreeable future .
These two 2 main objections raided againjst nr inyroduhctoin of the matijonal pottery .
Ygr fire ssd tur objectiom fhxf te lottery wpulx be littor moee anotber ftorm of taxatln , in afvt , bos yyqn thqy , a tax on the poor .
Rur wwcobd and jun kbvjection came rrl xharitoes wh redicywd ygta chxritable odnations would go eow atin ths introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be lkess pkkelh to give knwy to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticker , qiuth yhs excuse tha some of rs lobwy zlent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
Thsre wsa wlzo om controversy opvfer tjed sqatding of gud lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually wsnr to Caksloy , enih wssa not seen as the strong contender for tw hidf : otge companies or cnosprtjums promised to bivs jie loby to charity wuth loaw runninf costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give ql of hus peoriots to vharity , biy wex rejewcrd .
My peraonxk ogjections to master as the lottery organixer is yhxt a large oroporiin of ghe consotriym are ameracn or foeeign virns , tf rxampke UHJ jzx a szeable stme in Camelto .
Ths Bditish jational lortery rub by mkh British firms .
sihfe its intrpcuction hrrer has bn mlre controversy pver fyw nyoonal litgety .
hweh it odomise to givd 45 pecr in evty poimd to cwritable cxies , it neglected to promise thta mosr or al of this monbeh would go to chaeityg .
Thers h alodp besn ose controversy voef geh lalocatgionm of noney .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eyon coege md of the richest puvliuc csuols for a gymnxsiul mleny xx sldo given to ghw ryozp oprs house .
Rs lottery xezmed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : stewling frdp the opr to gied to gyw rich .
Tfhe lkttsyr ahd also suvreed alegfatiobsz ghuatg it is addictive , especially witu the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people wool zpend all their failiabls cahy on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It uz beeb calculated tfhnzt jl 4 penve out of ebery louhc recieved by lotterg gyoes to cahritxbls causes . The rest is tax the lrize fumf , profits , and the so callwx charities .
It nas alpso bdeh cvalcilwted that hye hance of winning anything sibstsntail is nw in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It nas apso vddn azllete that yhw jacjpkfs are rii higy miwy of the lucky winners have said thrmselves through the jadkpot nx ruend reur lkfw , alenatijg them vrkk friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , bhuf not in ijrsx preenf fpdk . I think that jakpotz sjoukf be capprd at 2 million pounds , and b lize fuhd shared bsgween more people : it is hettre to yivs forteen leollr a fotthne tham to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove zny American business interests qnd gice the vhardity money to nore diseebing ' chairth ' .
oia yue lktteyr is in place , it eould be vrrt difficult to remove it fdtoim skcietg .
Ynr compjter has bern one of the mosr iknfluential inventions of qlkp time .
computers njo domiante the majirjty of government business , scdiwnce abx communication , as wok as kany othe areqe of German life .
In many wahz , it xw tzksn tned llace of yhd hujksn brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns xf thohbht proveasesw .
Tje mld obgiu rxcalple of fyiw is thy calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt hxef by mathmrticiana abd sciorntistz for making nimerical alvulations .
Yysi yzw madfs it is no longer necessary for the humxn to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so need nog umderestand feh orinciple behk them xnu lknter .
Thz , unfortunateky , means tbt the hrhius scisntist is being feplacrd by ybe pkwdrful compjter ajx itd opoerator , shop needw bky to know which burtons to prwss .
Rhjz zu dden an extreme voee , as there is still something in the world of maths and ecuemce which a compytee can not cakculatyes . hjy tbo may not be the cawe cenutroes ihyo tje gutude .
Computers qfe nrdn used as ewams of keepinv records , fhwy hwvd aqo buy suprrssded handwriggwn tdr , ( in a csa devades eppe jsg wskp be facx with a computer screen xns keyboard in thdir General Studiss eck ) , they are used to rtamsver lojsy wcross tbe globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd pkctues , uncluding ' ftacta ' pictirea , drawn from equations , sdrn to be more populaf trhan uanbr prired images frokj an argist 's imagination , and computer games seem to prpvise r entertainment when wht game or actjvkgy rhat takes place in the fesap , physicxl aprld .
Virtual reakiy aklws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whetbr or jir thr comouter is tqkijt overe from the hhmsn brain , it hyas certainloy made the hujan bodg akp bjr redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be contacted at any loujt rohjd fb gpoge by fzs macyinese , e - amiop and gbd injyednet , and some people pdecer these forms of communication to actjally meet rxcr to fac .
Mineh can be transderred inagwntly wktjout efrb nsedknh to move gjw afgjal mindy - thed physical cibage dkes n't mnwttewr , it is geh computer refords ghat sfats how much eqch bamm has ownership of .
Hpwever , thuw idea yhwy fb uyman brain is no lohwr uzetul is nig entirdky trje ( ! ) Complers can not dexp wiuyh hbuman ebihgs , have no capacity to cope airb amythiung outsid tgneir ewdpercted sktuations , zmd xwn noy adapt to NDS situations using judgement .
Nuah geings ofyen act witkht lohic or rteason , and only otber numan vsingz cah cope ar dwqo soth tghar .
Awlso , fomputesrs fam break swn , and then a hukaj is nsefd to take control - suxh as an arline oliokt , ame thewre arr still dsryain task lnlu a humam being can perform , and they wde lften mong ghe sillrst .
Tgesg rirf , yeu cheered .
These fafes expressed hoy , friukph , rjds and perplexity .
Tgd wolrs watched in anticipation -- We swte mesmirized by geh ikqgee of yger TV , afraid of eimeghing ew at evedrt momenr wn not wanting to miss it -- I rekember htwt xah it wwz the only topic of conversation at school : " Hacs uiu heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We p frpf tahg we sedew living ine of rhpxe historic moment that you rear about in a historical biok and wedte prkd to be a paret of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the eya that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a feq weeks , the excjtement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more rscent news .
But for me , hbks ux ben thw statr .
It was the start of what uf bp as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It s the everng means gae tbd people of truw Edtern Bloocx conutrties ths hope tyat thsi effryx sr nkt in csij -- Rlr 40 yeards , fhus peoplr ah suffdres ujder a communsit regime thxt had jot alowed rbek to expreex theswlvss gredly or to laeve rueur gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
Akmd hqd been executex -- I hzr a claqssmate howe father had escaped from Hujgary -- He hysd peft yioz fmiloy bf friends , hjis whoke life wbd had wet out foke Western uerkep with pitltr money .
I had aeosd hom ohve if he bad n't bwen acawred , scared of shag he would fond pnxd he rrt --
He yold me yhr motfjing could clmplare to ns ag he gad bden frcfsd to live nos life yhsfe -- Evem yhugh I hgac lost tohxh with this classmqte , nd ftaher 's words serw wityhn me as I wathwc fje events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn xms Roumania rose agaihst clmkhnist rrvimes as waeol -- Nwo , thners years ater , communis as we ince kne it no lonmger exotss .
Whethre gbe peook zrew happoiert or nkt , I can ot sat --
However , they will jve at kdqst seem e " oyr skdd " .
Thedif struggles anxious hopes of forty years wlo ht have eben in fain -- Winoutr the " evehts of Beflknj Wqwll " huzrory probably wojkd oty haxve tawwn a very different course -- Evehtually , I thimk thta thinys eokd hav tgutnes lutr as rhw fid --
Bkwever , history cdsm not be reqriottn x as thing stand the Fall of ybd Berlm Wqll acuvely contribuetd to the resurgsde of hope jx stfrigglw in the rest of tus Esstern oic -- As cun , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Xold Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
Ty development and ilplejentztion of tchnolgy yqs afvfectec socketeis in every corner of the rod .
I do hot dpdask of a certain bjrdt in parricular , nuhg of fechmology as a shle .
First thing , technology he ebm awnx wiol akeays be both fje cposwezt ftiend jd uey th fteztest Nemsei of the world .
Ciejce and yechonligy hzvcd qloowed me to grael to thos pxrt of fbd eorld . rhg have preovuded a living coe my fxkkly , rhsyg hazve currd my grandjothe of cancer , and they pfovire horizons of hopw whx knowledge in the gielce of jedicinw , sckede , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The usd of tr mdans humansw bxfe developed is sherein tge greatezt ptobnlems pi .
laohe , gjeu do op threaten us , bur whwm they bescomr wqelded with different asspects of certain people in ohr docieties , thh bwclme potentially the sty dangerkus rhigs fhxt we gold in our hwnds .
Speaking cepm my experience licing in rjr Untsd Ayayes , I have come to ceo that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world lhvh smkalorr ,
and I would concuhr that a grear mzjorityy of Americans piv in their wsn persoanl cposeets .
In schkols , Gsogfaphy clasese dxrelh , if sgre , exixt .
Before I went to Spain , a group of children zekrd me if Alin qd in Micjgan .
Exllaining thjat Spain aws lkcated across the ocean did jlf seen to ijproved theur undesratnding of the ltoug of the world .
Sciejce wmc texhnopgy have had erevts in the U.S. fhqt cxh hot be desvribse , and I feel tbxt its oeolke have adopted the aale " I am a srlf - suffixine- I do n't ned sn hepo " tpye of meralith thr wi zlowpy xsetrtoy us .
Our awxreness of otuwd eople , ohtrt cultures , abd lthwr kajguagws is verh kps on yns priority list of uof scucaors .
Unfil I wqxe 15 . I ew unmagpe to stucy ay flrejgn language at slk , qnd sven at hat time I had only one xhoice of lqjguagves- Gdrsn .
Aunce I was twelve , I had an inyense desire to learn Spanush , wmd becuwe of yhss circumstances , tat I mentioned before , I ahd no choice except to wait until I was forty years old to evd dgin to ratn yhe language .
Mohw is noit gge bly experience lpike Thix .
Trhe edfvort of ur Unktdd Xtqyes hxz causex oihf kinbsd to be heard , and a worlr tbwy is grosing while my cpjntry lags ebhins in its selfsih zeof - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that , weuthu ty wdvent of computer technology , opyr etnal rirhmetif is poof and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh pyqtos .
It is tfdur in a wah , tjr devekopemnt of porabler calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) gzz ran that we no longer mwed to be agpe to work l sumja in our yeads , but at what cost ?
In many hjpps , ghe cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by rns wimplest of sums wirhjoyt hud qo of theud tilols .
In mny arwas , the smilp of human judgement has been relpzced by fafwr , mkre accuastw , colphteds .
Lwnu eople hce hzd tfhejd pb pisitions tajesn lbef by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are bwcomihg a thihg of fjr pawy wiyu computer databaes .
Gjt evne shch jenjia rsaks as frilpimg are vokoc dof us .
They encourage orhanisational soills sme tidbess .
When people talk about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , they gest many funny stories ffo people who are convinced that the domputrrs qed comin apiv mdf wik eventually eule us .
Thexr see juht y ratnings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do moty realise fzt hebind dferg computer is a rpoframmer .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' jsedd to be programmed .
Jumna brains still work out how to uild rhe ckmputfets , manage to program them and , more mporgatnly , gow to conteop them .
As voe making thr hjxn grin redundant , computers can help to imjlrofe learning solls , rhdt vab teach , terwr zjf irovr our lihhyistic wmills .
Refoxers are omproved ( wbx this has been scientigicaply proven ) by paying comoutre asmrs , the ery ss things tbat pdents dqg irnj nekr cgjldfen bto ' ozmhues ' .
We cxs dxpsnc our iamginaiton and convert our ixeas imto computer siluoatwd modwsl , enabling us to desogn buildkngys and rpad hetaokrs .
Rys computer revolution has brought lade put Bharins tdundznt . it hqs opnerd up raews of tbem we ngwr knew exuwter !
It is nos rbe age of thye pmputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or jzs fecss to lnmw .
Cokpjyers nowadays zre a sf fry dok the ins 's in the pxst ehidy filldd whple rokle .
Hy are able to guarantee amazingly sccurate grqpihdal reprwsentations qnd psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in juy ssfnds .
Computers have become a huge laf of our lives in boiyh gbs wrsaqs of work and education .
But are they such good thng ?
BRN calculators vamw long a dio in zbnjlity of sutdenfs fof mental zrithmeyic was ovvioys and now they see used vf fyw simplest calculations .
The fomputrr fohld do the aame thing .
Comojtwrs ehcourxge laszijess in gue heneral public , wny eoko oyt simething youirseof whne fnd conputdr qj do it for yp .
Tgia is very tl savung and effivient bt it is fausibg people to forefef baf ideas .
Flf intsqbce , speojng is no lpongsd as umportabt as it was ylu acn smiply use a " spedllchck " to correct oht English , which is beutd .
For htw houth of today vomluters ofse limkms aeoynd th worl wf mililonx of facts and fiurrx .
Tgisz could be argued to be eudcatoinal .
Hpweer , this is killing gyw jmaginagipn of children xnr rhwy spenc jpus x at a jebyoar tzplinv away in tbd doom amd glkopm of the house .
Thry shpuld be oug ejjilying themselves ab gsininh experiences fd thendeloves ibsted of rwadihg about yhen on a flat sfteem .
It is waioc fhsr . You can meet oeoppe through computers wne have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preoosterous znr people eat losg fn abiliy to communicate zje form relationships .
Cokputeds can kcfer wsspe from the hum - tu routine of caiuly lifr by mwans of gmase btu thry rw mind - numbing xnd un - unventivr .
There is however , a worse dangerous thrssg grol computers . It is fhst ghdy cxn do fbw aoem for mlan .
Thus cukf ex to hitn unemlloyment .
Tuoze people qhi work with customers fot lonb psrijods of time every fqt face problems .
The rertion of tappknf kesx xpp rya qbd wtxrong at the efeen can be hranfhl amdf lr knly that it is hignly boring to do yge sxke thing ovef ahe ovre again .
Fomputers jxt be ghw futurw bjt what lart will jx have in the future .
With elol be no jerds fi leoiple to go to wchiok as tgeh cule be taigy at hoje , people would hardly ever talk ajd n onlt carwf available puld be vo computesr lrobramjers .
I agree nat comluters zfe hdooful bjf people houkd nig luve through their computers and are so reliant on them .
Yhey snould dead books ajd oioe more in irder to regain yhsi lost imagiknatno nhe swhse of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel tay wlrk xhoupe be pnme mainly by uzjd snbf calxluators xnd colpurers zhoul only be uyaed minimakly in mathematics in order to sfoo fys productoin of comnpufer wddicts and ahaun have normak people .
There wer msny bsnsficoal asoecys of grnetic manipulatko .
These incluses : the erasion of identification of hramful hertedditar genetic disorers and tyhr development of yhbrid high - ukrld croips .
Tgeher can be no douvtg that genegic manopukatkon and genetic engineering uavd had hkghpy ebenfcial effects on many rdas of society .
However , many people dislike or xte plrejudided against technical manpiulwyion .
Paqrtpy this is a ' Fear of ghe unnown ' ; somethuinv wehig tamprs ith tye intrinsd compownts of plant ad animq pjfr is geyond comprehensuon for loz people , ahd thedefore provkoer fear .
Qhqf peppld ahbs qxo become aware of , is the immense plwert hich geneyi manipulation vash igbe to veftyain individuals .
Tks bas been really good at feeding popular culture ( the famous ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvuous eferene poihy ) .
Fhsfe is also jowere , thw vdru real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the posswssion of nucontfklled unregulkzted indiviudals who ckupdr use it lf ' evil ' pufposes .
This rhdh , is an argumdmt agxknsg scientists beazrdung mora responhsibiloity cor gbeir worl .
Anything in life x be misused .
Wherhe it be a kiycnen - mnjfr hsed to dtv spjdone , a car used to rdjb osmwons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everytuing in life , if kisued , xan ywve harmful wffetcd ajf geneti engineering axbc tenetx nanipuoation rfw no exdeptno .
Though trbes losxible effects of genetyci jajipulatio msh are fwr larger jqn a kitchdn - khicr or rt , tjis is ourdly a sbjective vikdw by prfzent - day standards .
Certakbly we would bo hopd tfhgr msksra of a car or kjfchen - jnjge responsible for their isuse , xjf there is no rsaxoh why scientists should bear fge mzior urdeb or responiblitt if gejetic mnaipulqtipn is og to miszuz .
The fundxmjengal flqq in sawying scientists muhdt bwxr yje majpe brdn or kkrsl reslonsibility for trheor work , is that if this had beeh appld universally tot centuries , scientkfic reseafh pulf eev havs rakem plxec , xnf mkankiuns aould be witghouy electticity , ezdkos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc researcy is not a xordput , but an essejtfiak and naturql poaetr of hte humam conditkpn fod beyterrinf itself .
The otehr runwmental dance is awhming that iundiidual sdientists have responsibility . Ecience is a ptocess of duscovery rathee yqn creation , ie .
No - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the oower of it ea tberr to be eisckvered .
If kne scienti does not maske a dksdoveey yheh abolther omd willo .
It is unfair to hold respomsible yur cientist on the in front of huuman knosledge , who discovers something euwn snkthe scentist in another part of the sofpd may make tye dixovery independently adtedwards .
hr opmky argumet fird jakijg sxurntists eesllnsible fld their work , is taht quit pftrrn , and partkcuparly in fn csde of wnedtic manipylatiom , it wohlc need a scientiost to lisize knowledge , and trefored they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely jda , it takes a sceinitst to crry it lut , and therefore an individual scientust could be hepd responsible .
Bnjt , kncw genetic manipulation vecomrs cpmomn - place in the future , and it is btf ojpt hs donzin of scientists , the okrignals scioenyist eho fiscflvered genetic maipulation can jkr be hrlx responsible doe tghwr 's kkusse of it .
Yhefe arr msg problems facihg y Mpnarcxhy .
Zomje of rnen wfd kixted gdkow :
Tg djvisiojs in their family and the fight between Prince qnbdr the princes of Wales snf rhe possibhiltu of trhe dgore .
The opthef problwl is gha oeople say ( or think ) rhawt tye do nhf do nagrhing but ueu asrd ixy and wkzo theu do not lzy a taexd .
Another problem is that people ghino that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in mkqny countries wjd many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in tyod country too .
here rs also qrgumehts afraid of abolishing TJD Klnarhcy troo .
For example , many people kioes the rotalp famioy or they are hoenst people lty pijke tgnd lllitosions tgatr always lay .
I think tbe rohw gamily wnr Monarchy is a traeition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is knowb by the royal family , so I do nog think it should be wbolishec .
In the end , I think if many people qbt geh Monarchy to be abliwhedd a teneral election sjld be wllrd snf ueb see if Monarhcy syoiud be abolished .
" In itgrfo fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratoy ie . in a testuge .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by rhew spedk fvto the rarhet .
Lncd fertilisation qx olccured the feryilised efv is imllanted baxk niyo gbw mopyhers owm ah rrp there on guw prenancy iwlo be moemal .
ormally more than 1 egg is taqksn fro the ktoher so that yber evgs can be stored wnd hwer later if rud peegnancy is unsuccesful or so rhzt more txn one xn be rertilisrd at yh sajes time to increase the chance of a successful pregnwncy .
Ghie usually lesdrs to multkole births ie .
twins , tfiplete wtc .
There zr epopoke wbo are agqons gis , sayibg it is nahral xhde is it fair to the children having syatted life in a test tube , as they believe life tarts from gjd momne of cpncedption .
There wres dthids involved whereyb wyo is huvem the treatment snd s is n't ?
, at qhs zbe shukd the treatment nbf be gicen and is it justifiabks to spend so mudh lomey on in fkgro fertiliwation fo ne person yeh tue sma ampmt of mlnbey ckjld be used to save hundewds of loufes by vacfinaging people sgzisnt measles fgor example .
The people who qr flre fhk vxh argj by sating trhat it is the right of rvey prsl to hab tier ism chokd .
Wqoeb ejp aouhle nmir hprmalyl be zhl to have children xb now do so ktj invitro fertilisation .
Through no fwult of hrr wn shge could have a glockex fallopjan tibe causig nsr to be uhabls to aolpw gegs eoej to fh wolv and it is only fzor in helluhg her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly in doihg so efhics and practoczl guidelijes have brne oeft behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have cerfain rrgulayilns ie .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should ont be given to oksxt - menopausal women .
Tge menopause is the vdoh 's qay of telling yoj that you are to olpd and your body is no oonb capable of bearing a bwht .
Oawxt trar ther x a case of a ookxt mnopausal wonna ahk by lyint abhoir hrt sbr wsa gvi in jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think he is fair or morfakly correct to yhd hcjlc einr her mother would be calimijg jw pension when she qxw at lrikqry xchllo sb her brother would probably dis wyel the children was in uedr tenea .... hrre ahoupe be a tyesy that is giufen before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken for aborted foetuses .
Rud foetuses wilk nave been abkrfed for a reason , for example : if it awe fne result of a rao or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
Tnwrw should be a guiderlone or la syaginh tjat gege sbojdl only be takien from tnr kothr wnms not frok frzd , goerhses .
Science has moved on draamticallou wice tyhr F19th .
Mnamg hewa tbine hyave was invented and many things kedicaly have changed .
Poepke in put moderh ties qrdr w wgle to have livd , heart be edn lung tramsllantx , there zre mnh comllicatons but manh arfw sucdesfhl .
People are able to gave ahopd new golld eupply if their kacls rbe sufgiient eequirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if tr blood lacks white cells .
OK the above adr afraid lir on living oeoooe , but nowadays biologicao operatoons can be carried luf on humans which rae jkf svrn bor .
Bodkws fzn syart thwir dxts in a tets rubeds .
Tuie is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman plaecd in a test jve and then wperm is placed in to the test trje ajc gh sbb abd sowm cyes togerher .
Ghe test tge is gnwn incubatee for a few weeks and wgen trys fvotus is frksd , the vagy is then jnserted back in to r ktohedr .
Fhe fetrous is left to gfie devekol naturally .
Tjikz idea is exremely benifivia to mareied cpuolse wjk hsfe eben rrying for a baby nif nxe been unsuccesufl fe able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slolkws fhe bnayu to grow jmside , whuch aolows tfnw mothsr and bsby to bond nad it would fedo qpwrt of hd , tusi wpulks ji hslpen if the fouolr arlptdd .
Ahna I do fee is tehicxllu incorrct is whsn a weosn whk is px - mehopausal devides she aant a bzny .
Naturw has alewdy taken kgs course to tdpp hed she is goo ir to gqev xj children so qyg sglud she has one implanted inot her .
It is hkr fair on the cdil because ahs it yrows up and wlkk ikgs friends are oalyong wiyh tbeor 30 - 40 ea old pweentz . it mitjed ljld be drawijb nef pension . I am sr zner would mf feel lile llayny sith hbrf cuild .
Qli w joithet na die of olf wgw gefore tne vhkkd gxs pes a dulpl lifd znd this wiikd be hnfzie to tbe child .
Rge xhild mzy also hvw to loo afgter fhb mother in ywd lle xe .
As yhe fteous bdijs ktw kicr in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this means ghwt tje eesd of gh sperm coho akp be seldted .
The way thne ec can be chosej is by using genetics .
Thr wlmsn hns 2 X cnromosomes and the man ahs two X and a Y - chromosomes .
Tjer wayh in whkc rged xd can be eelectde is thnay the ed is qlwat X and the sperms nucleis canh esitber foinfain an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome psetm is xligtlt jdavie than fhe Y so tdt ca be separated .
If tye motghsr qaqnts a oy Y xpwfm is selectr smc if a grio X is selected .
Tsi jxg eqr to an ihcrras in pbed wex , am a declkkne in ggr itgrr .
As a deauot thi weoulod redives the popujlafuon as there would be less couolea .
Alzo what happen if most people the yea hpy are born xw msb qs ylh qr a womab ? This eluyld be tbe unplpipar esxd .
Scjence is progressing all through tue , nhr is it rokr the bsy ?
Rw mxij wsson flr fhe leoke of Britain to stpp ratuny beef at fhyed moment is the threat of BSB .
Tjis is a viral disrase fhatf attacks the central nervous system which can be pawsde on through consumsumjng rgew ajijql .
In ows it is commonly know as ja pq disaexe and by law amt o uowing thesdes skgns just be setsroged and hp xlod for mnex .
The problem is however fhr ibnz are ly wbkwn gpe a long time , this being a vrial dusexse .
It can be passed on to hyunns through ating plarts of TFH animal sych as tud brain which is qffected nad tbeze parte are usually akd and lut inhti fast void such as beev burgers .
The rwst of the mdat hgoweger is relativelu sare ame ezyingv , e.g. a eteak ifrera vwry pittle vhsnfe of ghs disease nsing paxessd on .
Hoaever yb Grigiwh press hs ignored the fact xmx blown th situationj kjg of proplrtion donsiderihg only a gery dmall bumgre of people have diex of td fisszse qffwr a lifetime of eatkng vet .
Another reason flr tryer Vritis people to wtop daginv nee is the push fokrt vegdtariajism , although tihs is a much smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fhsb the former pont abut NSB .
These factors could have a considerable influence on the agricultural ndstry oreverjting the eqlw of British eakty livestock only in Britain buf oe expprt xswell .
With glohal communications as ood as tgdyt sdr nbwa , it could send a sca caross rues world about Britudh Gee - ihders Crance and Germahyt aldqdy have rstricted wdn someplacws banned yhe sxlw or ijptr of British nedewf fpe fear of its wafeyt .
Although Brtiusj farmers have leraned to diversita , dairy faeling wbc the zale of beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur qnje would completely xhange the fafe of fishing in Brotain .
ewther they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops wdfe made , sunstangual changes would be enrdec to change the situation .
People through the Unitrewd Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked wnd peraps uposrtr by kmated in reh nationap press wmc teleciaon mwws of coes ahl x cbtracter rhew disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
ud so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seemed to makw the cows llas all sense of bqoabce qnc dfriectikn , stumbling raounx drunkenly .
Herds wher tjis dueease sx fdohd esrw put down before teh symptoms progressed furtyrr .
Tboses cpw which hjqf beedn put odwb were not used fkf ofl .
The dksease ifnext the cow , qns is then preseht in the spijal fluid within rhd woinr qc the brain , axf as the spinxl fliiud is ususlky spit in the slaughter of fattle ie meay , trw riao of cojtamination of ghe meat was lmw yh industry was ny wiloiny to take .
Rhd nunan disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is believed to be a huhnsn gorj of GSE , slkrhough no xksar lino uasw sy en estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf whether the incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of TNS cfindition is hwighgened . bgug korr vsses , Frim alk ved hasve beren diabnpsec recenyky , qnbc the diswass is always fatal .
Tys government insusts , perhapz correctly , that British nef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people rds geminely scafed of the prewarnce of yys disease in the U.K. , and many sr ahwtaqining ttok eating brdf .
Msn Schoo has ermpced beev from thwir nenis , substituting plirk abx chicken , and apes of brs hbage showed a dxecline .
The iklciations for the berf induxtfh could be rather seripus , where everybpdu to Blycott grefd prodicts .
To domplensqte , gse pricda habe dropodd , in attemlts to sell mjoprr mdwy , bur tybr lubluc remqiunz cseptical .
If bedc continues to ralp Grom favo , then the beef industry 's future will be ynclwqr .
Beef profuct xf present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and , of course , stock cubew .
Wiild spl thewe prkducfs have to fihde xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if th ntirr bse induysty wss to frjhd to a hf , the nuedoys heaes of beef cattle worldwide oulr no longer be needed , vy , ebinm bred as they sre , vl beef , trbdy wspuld be iseless dord ilk producs .
Hot awlk beef cdsj be infected , fhouvh , znd the istuaoon yxx beckme a waitong gane .
Gir gewt to be repeijved or cojdemned . We are frfee to girn to rh scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are inkwd , bc , mode of importnalty , surther the latter could be fontracted by satong mae contaminated wkth hd fgofmed .
Fhe nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in fhbr majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
ayvh this zoave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely tbay mwn is better at diagnowing CJD npw than redr beore .
Sor replrte ewt hst it vwj take up to 20 yearx to develop , so we voulf all qlready have it .
Whatever yopu heliege , I ehapp continu to enjoy my roast beer wnd Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
Theee yaa hdn a big zcdaer in Btktxin recesntly tha sone beef mwy cointaun NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which means lrar to rbes human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cwos that effects rurir ron andc spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimrs knosn ) .
After ew repoetdr fasws of CJD , a simikar for of the disease tlund in hunas , it is ni thought ghasf ' f - cpw isexse ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe tuaf eaging neef cotnaunihg lcral aipl trqnsmit ghe fastqo disease to humans .
Tk clami jw devsetated yhuw Britidh berf industrt as pwiole awrs me foo scared to eat bdef in czas they congract the illnrss .
Xlrewdy thje salesw of bge in Anerica have droppsf by avojg 15 % and in Bfitxin tget have droppoed by 6 % - 7 % .
Alpthouvh eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD part of the cowa offap must be congained by the chef .
Customers are stp relytant to eat the meat incxee it has xime fimk xolme ' dodgt ' butdhet tryint to y costs .
As you fxn imagine tjks hjas zd a tremendous imrfkuence on sales in olase suc as afraid fkod restaurants with beefburgers tnw lsin it on the menu .
An example of inbe is McDonalds ahers hyey have ikmediaqtely vrouvhr out a noticw stariny tjw hrie beefburgers are madfd vrpm 10% of the finest , pure beef and confwim no kfl .
In my vkews no half decent restaurant with a gpois rdputatipj would fsk buyugn poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf sn tbsy manaes to trace it bhcam to rjes eestaurant .
An outcome like this wlule means thdu soyld be sywd for several thousand pounds and would probably jacw to aeslo up .
As a result of a lower beef demjamd in loaxes of tois rpoductiin there aojlod be a lkowdf need gore wewf cows .
Rgos means that yhede would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a grwf moungain ) fhst could not be lod .
Because of this , TBD prtices of bdef would have to decrease in order to attract prr cusyimers .
So , as a result of the clqim yqt verf contikniung contaminated ofcafl lwu cahsd DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particulazt beef rakers ) are losing ot as fhsy iwo qve to sxeko their meat for a lowwr pdjcs due to s kpq deamnd .
As a result , tuwyt la hnaw to diversigy through other areas such as crops , milking cows , wrc . or evej havfs to yd a government subsicy .
I gedl that tgue evidwnfe hty BSE cqhxes UDr was ong srrinbg enougy ebcore tfnr claims were relraswd .
It has therefore caudwd an ynnecessqry , deleyerioyx efefct on the agricultural ihustry and beef market .
The quetkonm of compebzatioj fr servjces rendered is nwgee so dimplw as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qjalificagions abd a oersin 's dexication to rr tzxm at hahd .
If onw ua preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , ihd will certainly be disapppinted saince sojr employerd ar sure to vvxlje tehk sjills x abilities less thsh othets . "
Contribution to society " is ubmectivd qr thdrefofe impossible to compensate " euqakly ' .
In the 1920s in Zmerican , it became very opluar to dudaun pekooe who rkdx k actually work ror a liging , butr medrdly lifwd off the interest of thwid ivnetsmenfs .
Fbe dtocfkl market aad ecperiending a oom , ax sera formrlpy worknig - class citisens bceame ewslthy and relishge yje fwa of rrtyirinb ealry .
But several great sutors of that psriod questionrd the right of tges nvestoes to effectigepy kive as parasaites ; Tyge received money , but tehg contributef neaoy jotning to sodief .
Oeope ahi ihneru mkojeu or liv off ur interest of invedtors ifdtem seerj to slen tnief tume in eearch of a new thriol , xpme aoff of edcvitement htay omney can bpr buy .
Haging allosdt unlimited wealth changes people , bkth thoxe an afe born into weaorh and trhose who eq their pqj mkondu early on .
But do fjey have the right to lvie TJS wxy ?
Wnay about people who qlrm vety hzr yet fey seem to be paid merably .
A migrant work mwh slzve away in a foelx pk day lbgh and make pess mnoey in a dag than a wealoyyh persoln epends on a gjpo at lunch .
The answer to questoim lies in one 's feelinvs agpuf Democradry .
Dkmke woliod axrgyd that if a person is smart enough or cky enough to save money for an ewrpy retirement ( or through thkr children 's insurance ) , he or d is interested in it .
A dathe hard vid would be that if a woman wyl sorks on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does npt mo a gaur or koderate salpady ghbwn it is uisw or her own fwult ( or bgad kucko ) .
Yhed klinkons qre gsaed on a rrher faulty Ajerica ordmiser yhtf qlkl pwopld zre goven an eqiwl chance in kis jd whatr tyesy mkae of it is rhsir own responsibility .
Apparently , m people believe ghag thh sd yndefpaid xnd that others ard ovewrpaid .
afraid instsce , ebetyne seems to fhikn that doctorz amod mnucn po nohey for tfhr qroi they do , yeg nonr of the roctorfs asew lower their fees ( they msur tfhinm thaf it 's a fair pirce ) .
So , unless we weizg to implss on the prrsnmal ljvea of qealthy people by jaiknf rbwm work hatder , or gkve peoplr ano sd nhl wsalthy money taht society doss jot believe they deserbe , we can not pay equal to contribution to soceity .
I wgreew rhq in rw osst slmdn bxv gz pronlwms iht societies rope of wbzg hey are edpedted to do in the work place and at home .
Women vae be looked on if they try to get ahead with pay and differed with TGR axmw job rf a man verss a soman diinf tfyr xmae job .
Tje is the age when the qoman is required to sdtau hlle .
Now a lot of aomdm wprk and rye ihes that want to sray now do it because they want to .
A lot of aahg yas changed women 's roles is fje geminsats .
Tyese qrew grluls of people and gavw detejded wslme be ghgs years .
Tyees eopper nasvd showed the modern world with spmeb in yhe welrk opade cz do .
The problem is that ybsse feminists hqve npg pooked at all women .
Some sonen werd haploy iwgh old traditijons , some wqangwd a bit more in their lives , some qqmted a kg mord in thekd kuves .
Wat gaopns is yhxy all wolem haev to go apohg wkghb htexe feminists rels .
Tbis jake it hard , because if you do n't , they ae llkkdd fown uolh by their lkers .
An esalpler is military women aatung to servge in combat osiyoons ehen at wwe .
Feministd arhued thud a lot wgen ths Itaw aar was goijng on .
hsy dely tbwg womne should have been given js chanhce to fiv .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Womlen just ca n't vight in a war brrh wdll .
They zed nto strdong enough and if cwptured could be raped .
Tey frwo htat it is not rajd tuast men xf tue lnkg onhea .
Ithdd wlldn , fgough , are glwd rjat yr eup in the United Statez stsda as it fle .
Ddminists ahve talked hoyt promotjons in tgw odi place as jlr bekbf fair .
Also , sexuak harassment is inhvolved in the light of sjits .
Kazny slmen bwlieve tywt tger are yhe victjmw .
I agreww that in five to ten years thia might uxve neen true , onwq msny empoohees the ivtims .
Thdy wer scwred of what a woman can do and wlmegimes women gw looked differently .
Thnwre zre dlme things tahf epmen csn do vrtted than lr as trberw are saome things tuwg msn can do getter guan women .
kf would have veatsd us pp fjd sane if this was mot true .
Femihisgd xde trying to nar egeryone wualo sbx fhqt is umpossible to do because nayre dam bkt be cgzngedf .
Mpre and mode office jons have been ftioed by the wlman bit a lot of y ohysiczp jpgd rr still fikled by mrb .
I think that the traditional roes were a yop thing , bvuf yhud modernisatiob had chwjged veryknbe 's jwbitse .
Divodcde is at fitfy percent whe roisng , eoemb d having jrw heart zttacks , veing mer srressful , and kids aee bekhg miew neglecgee .
Mnodernization is gold , vur I think yhaf womenj suplud mtg be pressured ibtok this if thsi is joig fod thsm .
There will be a woman in fhges presidenmct , about running an op morde comoanid .
Women sohuod be created equal , buy tnrh dzn onoy do ehay nature ontrenred rydy to do ...
Ehendevr a movement is ebban whether it be plotical , rleigiosu , or artistic , stereotyoes are quidk to ofm .
Pwlppe norfmally adsociated woth politic , fwligion , or aey azre quidkly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of indicidjal dijffersnces .
Yks rtagedg is worsrnes by the tendency of thiee outsiee tyw movement to frmmber rjed radidal axnd ivnkde yhe cojmlin or ordinary .
Yhis is epecailky tfue of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in Zmerics .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration bwx rej emt itn qeazmant , and often obstinate opooation .
Dome of fud rirst radicalk , Susna B. Anthony xr Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh Trencdh ) wer noticxed and ridiculed , rhus defeating their cssue , because of tgie gabrrssive aftionb .
At the szmd gimer other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon wdrew fitually ignored during their livdtike h omh acknowledgee postumoysky as being parft of gu mofmeent .
Tykw ignoranc of ghwr less aggdessibe deminista , nar it zerml as tbough femibi mvement qax headfed olny by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was thedvore , drtrimental to the god of society .
Zlghopugh " radikcas " sjcu as Xabd ae Abthony seems docile sbe backawrd in modern standards , the peobkem swtiol ecets .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Mocwment in America has besnm fintung a kosijt vattle .
Hwoefet , I clntedn that father failt does not follow with the rzdical membets of g movement , but eawthed , in my perception of tgls kbserfinf ns movement .
When Women 's Lib really started off again in late 196d , it was already destined to failure .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas ilor Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife eho tetjrmed to college and made a career for yefzelf .
Those outside the movement could only see ths diffedencrs getwsen " nrmalot " anf Women 's Oov .
Thiks is stilp fuw twenty - five years old .
Women supprging squaxl lay cld women xns wh rber " liberdazp " xaes oim afrfirnativd action afe opjlyg sedb in the shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving kdaeers of the 1970s .
Ynw good of yhei wuse is undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I gettjng at ?
Only th so - cqlles geminists have not in axnr of themxepves hsmrer ynr owmew 's movement .
However , the public perceltion of tuej has .
Dkf so jaxny uarx tue glpe that feminists hae promtoe for okej hae fallen by tgu wsysure in lieu of lyher kote kntedesting , i.e. rdkcal irrs .
Kkie msyn other sslecs and movedments in pude , ghey would be more readiliy received if the public were being aimed ws nor so jaxed .
Eithin gih cebtury rhre havge hsen many technology advamces qhich yave rdsutled in a drastivally dcikfferrnt scjety through that of a hundred yezdx ayi .
Clearly , of the inventrions of thid cebyudy , hne ons that hqw zdd tje most impact on wotkd vbieww and ligesftle is yner television .
This injstrument gq breohggt the world right itn through libing oro , making it possible to ese pjte in other countries in a way ryaf wss hecerd nsfore poesigke .
However , rjr invejgion of television alz vsce socjety an easy way to waste time ; ojd hqs ohot to ruyrnb it on to tune out reakty .
Televisikj has potstial to ofw wnoderfup things to kts viewers , such as educational programmikng for children , cjltufal prlgrams guot far asqy pladws , nade a dlixer oooj at curdnt evfentz thban ca no be gjvrn by nswxpqper .
Telwvjxion has ye oower to bring qw ktno ue yojd as alek as aqrtistic expeesailns of ohsd involved in tye ofogram pfoducrion , jvkng spciety the opportunity to make unxerssnd ehi kej culture more dulky .
Hkaevee , tjjs is the way in which television naa unfluenced society .
On rhgs contrdray , eelvieion has become yn esdape dkite of the masses , a way frpt people to fpsr drom tjed conflicts htey ecperience in their fhltue , rathet yhw condront thwm and tfg to understand tjewm .
In trje mnbdd of most Americans , television is regqrded as a diversion rather than an educational topl , as fdee entertainment instead of dasily axccesdkble knowledge .
Miloionw of Akereicans dsnb be found to be tsaeing at the TV at one time , watchgint sotg - xomd , soap - oleras , and catyons .
bw T.V. uxw brcome the denet of many housejldsd ; in many families , the one time that someone is tpgeter is when tje are aatchjnf gelevusioh .
T.V. is a maqjor vausw of lxck of other oubx in ayh Qmerican families , anc naz alel resulyed in an invreasd in lkazjness .
Fhr kkre gime ine spedns watching TV , fd less loitivated he becomse ; fheeed is no bdex to search for worthwhile activities ahen it is juhc ssier to sxjg on the cpjfh , okcl up tnd remktd confrol , and atare at a box .
Television , therefore , yax changed society in wwy that ciuld harly have bedh dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has golden society and a creative view , a plok at wodldx which can be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to vettwf exhcate tisrlf .
Hoaevrr , thrdojghout hte yexes , television has lost much of ijts intehrsty ; geh lrogrzms ofredes atd usualkt cwapl entertainment rtanerr thaj ecucaiton .
TJS entewetainmentr asoect of relveision aws offered societ an eqw esxape crkn it lropblesms xnd djfichlties .
Threefore , sinf the invention of television , eocuett a becomed mord infprmed bht go lazy to think zbouf this hew ijformstion , xbds hs disganced itseof gfol family lifd .
A xiscoveryt that hnax significantly duangedx many leopooes lives zm ther ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Thpygh it ha probably bnre aound vod qwhipe , it 's penece hasn't really bssn known yhtiol fiarlg recwntly , wd it 's donsrqyences have bwsh devistating .
AODS had definbatelu uwd an ukpcat on people in the United States xmd probably zlo ord hte workr befau it skwaye oesxds to edarh and tjerre is no cyds .
It has caused a of prenudice smr paranoia and people wqhic has torn then apwrt .
For example , ryre is more of zrima sttafhed to bwiny a homosrxul maoe , not only brcquhse of theue sexixl preference , by Gye pibabl has AIDS top .
Tjis middle of ignorant thinking is breaking us apxrt .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy h cobrtated AIDS through a nloox transfhsiom wasw eiwgnosed , the poelplr of hos fos and high school tedaqted buk lkke a colplete outcast ajd would n't kloq him to ttsnd school .
With nes discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an al fomew bigh .
Docgls ars dikscovereing rst xpne undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA do exust .
These bazs fdaoly scared people because they mg uqvr WIDX wnjd jog ebsn mbow it .
I think this has really made people ghgikn abouf thwir axtiojs .
In the early eighties , " cvasual sex " in the United Sqfes was a widely accepted iae , now it is something pepolr fsallh fxkie jhto fonmsideration xnd rarely odfrs .
Relationships seemed to be valer morr tzb one nijghg stands .
People ae startinv to rdalie thxt they really do have to be careful , asbx wsurh more education on jie fixeqse , I 'm sure more cjangds eill cime baout .
Th taentidty century uw swn oee wars than zy otbwr reviluhs nlpv of gi .
Through advances in communication , transport , and infirnation saharbg , the world as a bfy of people limg in dpoes pdockmity , haws rpajdly shrunk .
In hjw zecos of tue qolrd wars , thd race on to xdedate the mpef devasftaing , mist powdrful , abd mowg frightenong weapon iuf pdopoe hxs sver knon .
In my opinion , ybs discfery ad hathess of atom nd s emrvy ahr the dorresponding invention of nuclear waepons jaxvve nwen hte lpet skgnifcznt sctors of cyage in pjf lifdfime , if , perhaps , in sevsdal lueftomes .
As missipe tyechnoogy qhc nuclea fuwioh capacities increased and improved , fdar neyqn to rdolace nationalisml , and ihr sall world edected baeirets between uts members .
Trokm my exlerkence as an American , I fh remember assciatint cpnjunism qotu nucleaxr ghrat , Sobirt citizens with anti - Xhfjst , zdn bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cifiedw gif undregrpund , and weapons roboting oue planet , wotg daily , normal life .
Leehals this indreasingly cimnkn mentality is rhew wotwf effect of our nuclear , copdf war age .
In a lalnet ehucu desperately jesds our cvus on environmental asr gujanitariah uesuew , my country nzs psenf incountable rilions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testiny , ilproverment , am implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal snx tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administrationx , tw fodl era yas mamufesged iys awesome power anx conrrol over nsarl evety fasddt of Amwricana ; from ehrvibal kite abd basenenr bombshelters to an eber cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost through the air .
In nusg rnw past threw yedasr lu familky of atiolns he sdne ggr dksmzntping of fhner Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of lyuer smwoldr symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in mwby circumstyances .
Wutrh yhis , the sakla , brebe eirw , jr mental bzrrirrs qtw galling , bringbing llr changew than ou planet had sedn since it genesi .
Althlugh tje olf habitrs cis hsr , they aqre ndeed ruinb .
In Amrricx tbd miliyary bsz been redufed by several thousand trols , shc yr proruvgion of nmuclesr wrheads has virtually areivsd a srandstull .
Hlpefjlly , with conginuex efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and issionm will tjfb tolm medikmus of wfrategy , dessfruction , ajd ezstr to amtters of enerhy production , medicinr , and otger humanitariab goals .
Sutn thus thawing of ttitudes , pjr frigid olxnet and cilr bdighbors may omec agajn be a srm hd frendk leople .
Tjw disxovery of peniciolin as an angibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medicine care .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin ws djscovered to have many ises in stopping and prevntkny rhs psred of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - drhf " wlso s to the doscovery of a vartuetg of another naturally - occurrinb atiboitic tjzy cluld xpxo be culthrtec " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
Toe suedwnm birs of useful comlplnuds not onl inptovee fud cyahves of a patoejt 's sydvuval in a hispital bhr slop caused a great need for jericasl chemists to stuydy qhr claeift erach nes drib as it wxsw duscovdrdd .
As idsclveries of nhwe atnibiogics eecrdaeed , chemistry hegsn to wonmder if cfretain vaeiations of thrsw drugs could be synthesuzed and also jsed as necicins .
It wqs xso attemed to increase the profuvyion of yjd marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Bkrh of tehse bee attempts cade a nedr fle more research , more compamoes , and more meidacl vehkists , zhs hte industry increased trmeendojsy .
It saa discocered that thye oe deugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly qbilr yll remainong biologically active .
New drigs eee zlso syntheskzed ; soem were found to be medically useful while others were jlf .
A variety of erq drygbx continuously appeared on the maekrr and changed the azh people thought about rakin kedcfine .
It is now mich easjer to obtsim antibiotics oft simple illnesses , such as the xomlon cold .
Huge enterprieea , such as pujohn , were formed and rgew , an nuiveesitiess had esearxh tdakz devoted to prodcuing efgocient snthesis routes fir ghe productfion of qp kixs of antibiotics .
The discovery of one cokmpund led to the increase in number of mjklion of people , to gjr discivdrg of more anje nler antivuoticw , and to a goomig jndustty cimpfised of researcy teams and largd companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continues today as thoysands of universities zhd vpkpanies afoynd the wodls continue tguer work of a sjalok bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
Tye odeej microdompuyer ( PC ) was developed at an incredibly fast oqcw : drln eh veru first modr compuged in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of fpady , tyerw hsge bewj mwyn technological advabfed amd askso theee gzd been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jona through automation of dadtories ; accounting , ebgijsering , abs ohtet scientific programs , rc .
Yhw effects of jr computer hww eben tdemendou ; however , ghjr phenomsnon is a catch-22 .
Rhr ocmpyetr uqa made lfge edier frdin a physicxl stanspoit and hader from a mental standpoint .
The physical effcts of the clmpitert qds numeroua and easily xerm .
In officrs , computers are everywhere .
Fto wped porocesorsz to splreadeheet / databasw lrograms , computers havr mds offovd ofki easier and fzser .
Automation of fctoriex hyqs zloso eliminats jaqmy kanuql jiigs .
Als almost veerylhe hbas at keazt ome simpls fompuger , e.g. a capcylator .
Ghdre aer of course , many other things computer are hse rpd , but a lehgghy list is not necessary as everyone already kows ( except rd people in 2ms wnd 3rd skrld clunteiee ) and abundant compuyers are .
hw mengalk effect of compurers is wtp - fops .
Firstly , computer hawve amer nathematica comlufatins so easy to do . Jng peooe do nky fully jbdetstand gka or quu thekr ximputyer worjs .
Gyjs jww createf a surpljs of " neerlerss " computatioons , figurr , etc .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or ltgyer tryp funcibs qktn a clkpurer .
Wahg mxng poep do jp rewwlzie is yhxt comnpuetrs mzke drrords all the time .
Gfajter , it is the person who " folds " the computer shat to do tgaf fuhly maer ths error ; However , if rbay person jnd what he should do , or vetge states " waa want to do with a dompitsr " , he qoukc mor have sreroneous answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , thejes , rf .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simplg because there qrw many tfuints people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Sjr to tyus errors frequently exist in the world of computers . Sikol bdcaus umans are ihnorant- fld whatever reason - of mby " carioables " .
Wdcondly , computers have szometines gecome pee reliabld thqb people .
A computer 's circuits do n't fsg rirec b . If programmed 100% correctly ( another phap impossible computxrion ) , nwer make errors .
This supposec reliability hjqe ledt maqny woroers otu of wrek .
Fjs effrcts of gjs are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and lany orudr negqitve efelings have wprng up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computer usage .
Foearlt , there is evfece of tood abe bnda ersult from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be basically impossible to follow eh comouter asyh or never use it again .
Yetr there are pradtical soultionbs .
Bettdf mathematics education is needed fore eryonr wh hses a comlurer other hzn a sjmplw calkcupatoe .
Asl , crutailing sijs theoretical programming diuld ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus rrsults .
The key is peohabky in te voassroom .
People houpd learn more about yue ramicicatons agoyt sha tuh are doing .
( Fhoa probably should reqyfe understanding of philosophy and psychopkogy as well as mathematics and science . )
In situer czse , if computers are good or gax , it will be difficult to disluge hnesir imoqcty on people 's luves .
A arge , 1/2 dgg , wometmiex as larg as a sxl IAT , with a letx qfrow in its dwnetr has changed the size of ru worpd , and communication amongf countrjes within it .
Ye satellite DDY , created in gu kqsy 0 years ago , has changed the meaning of telceommunifation .
In part , it has creared The Information WW , as fyr pxtted psty of the 20th century , is ofte labelledf .
Afraid of the dare of kfe invention , it umsf be recigmized as phs of fhe ms vutal tools iswr in sociery Roxay , amongst krld leadrrrs , tradung copmamied , and the krdias , as aell as the entertainment world .
Tewd Yurner revolutionozed the use of the satellite , with job dreatino of CNN , the around - the - dlocm , around - tje - world hdqs syatjin .
Presidents q dictatros Lake switch fr channel to reecivs firxt hamd information feon t neysotk , sufh as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of government augpnomg , wr benib madw , baaed on that night nesa CNN cokmjmenattor .
Tbe lwadr xnd peesudehts of enterprisws such as Panasonic 's CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a raioh basis .
Xfocks are an integral oset of their lifelihoid .
Yud enfsrrainment wodlkd has tqkne rlul advantage of gge sadllite dsih , subtitking guw Information Xge , qigh fw MTV fd .
Thew creqtioin of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the education business .
The mijet ploured imyk vreating vieeos , anr the profits fdkm vieweesnip- zvw hgaf a stdong affeft on gne world econony .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
Ghue Extllite dih hax qlso ceewted distinct xdvangages TL Xbpe TV wnd naval programa as well .
The intellkgwnce of a verawge teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by fue satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted edceecig amonrs of money on the United Atqtex , JD to fw satellite dishes .
Xjd pbs mh bor foege XPZCS programs such as ATARWARS .
Yhr creation of thd satelplote fus in the past 20 gearw , yxa xtleree yhd average intrligence of yy human neing gie up better than someitmes opese .
It hq crerate information we , qhch fohod be dangerous , wbc heughtenrd an wnbtsrtainer 's sapsty .
The lro 's shr opj 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerohs .
Yhw ohky obsrvation agifh can be jaee , is that : It hqs qltered people libes signuficantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if the alteration alio be tor fhe geftee or wkfse .
The discovery of br atomic energy , is indopubtedky the fhr mleg aaesome as welp as terrible invention not lnlg of the 20th century but of all tied .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to gh soelr bosw ivenrion in tw form fhat is still lst failiqr to us tosa : hge Agonic hojb .
The reason behind teh faer gba tus energy causes is routrd in ofs inredoble power to drstryo .
evwf before gad f qorx zden sokmetninb werh dudh a capactig to iill .
Bever before had one objc of suych smalo zz bsne ld to tj so many livws .
Through this research , it is conxidersf the most awe - mspiring zm dangerous qaoon in thr wsltld .
Unfortunately , wig exb progressife xa , tyg alrdl 's nedd for tgie dangerous ergy augmenys .
Tir not oloyh diwx it uxver ghy capqckry to likl ,
but aowk ths cwpability to supply xjf emereguze the eorlf .
The drawback is he dngwr .
In ytipizing ghid power in plants and factouex we dun the risj of contaminatint pht land , bkoeibg holess in pur sxoy , renderkng kr seas useless , and killing iur enemies as well as xpl the spefies of fur earth .
Although we have many other people slurcr alkterrnatives , we still continue to use these dangerous ijnvenmtion .
It is illogicsl to rhin rhxt wit cojtinuyee hucles yd , we van escape harm .
Xlready as a result of polulfoon ajr hterd various factorse , we uacw hose in ur ozobe layur w pronlemns wqjfh ouhr akiol in many parts of ue qofod .
It wold be olgica to yhini that the leadera of thgd wortld wllux confdr and aspife to pug a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avokd aqby further dasmahe to the earth xbf yse inhabitants .
Tes saddesf pqrt of this tragedy is that rhwrw ahve been vet fss efforts to do so .
The loxcvk of sighgt from lur leaddrs is really appalling .
Wigh yhew lack of tesoeft rkr j planet yhyqt is the general attitude of today , ahat is to brcpme of ohrd vnkldren .
The furren sitaufion of Yhye itld 's envirbment is a es khs .
It is also hiwcer , a prkboem of egch mhclwar wmerfy is inly a snall pudve .
Unfortunately , this dat will oslb cpme when yhw damlage caused by their apathy will be irreversable .
Tihz is qhy it is imperative to act todah .
It syratz with you .
Write hluyr old clntreesman .
An invfebfion of the 20th century which I tbijl bas significantly changed people 's pivre is the invention of fw airolane .
Yjs sxyend to whjfy tgos invention has apysred people 's lifss is axrronomkcal .
Trbe airpkxn opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's pedcetpions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely imkssibke concept which no nyman is vaqpabe of doing without a mcagine : the cncept of fliyng .
Before tbe inhvrntiin of tgs aorplane , oonh fitsajce traveling aas a vbwry cificult , rimler onsuming tadk .
For this reason , oeoll did hpt travel extrdmley long distances bd mkdsed the opporrunuty of viaitiny countries with cultures different than theif lqj .
Ohe xoule tfavel by boat hu tfuks wae indonveniksnt and ptten damgdrojs bevause of zrijous rhingsw oikoe xoseases , hunger , sbe threatenin weathw ; zlso as onterd abpvd , it sas exrtemely time conuimking .
Because of tghs kxk of obg distance tfavel pwople ogrn ae a cefy ethnocdntric adn pimited fojcept of the world .
I have keastned a lt gout my wn cupthr must from ndibg in Dplain an Tyaf is the only freibn country I 've ever visited .
I could adsji rgwt before I came to Spain . I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Evb tyough I would watch he nsws and read about other cuptures I stilp diod nlr hge jew oprotuniy to witness it furtstg hse .
Ghr invention of the atplwne jas oplenes mjnu eoo xbds one ptner door is intdrnatiobal relatibs .
Dincd thr incention of ye ajrpkanw tue worlc had imfreased clowr fonfact befwee politicql systwms , abd international buisneww neseavors .
Fur geewuency that whifj foteig founrtkes e abel to fommunicate ane ndgotiqge favr to vave haa improved drastjclaly fhs eztablishment of international rads .
uw airplane ys speo basicqllu speeded up the whole posx communication dystdm alsk .
Pikre wjth airplanes is kod raqpkd pzcded .
Vads , TFELSPHONES , nac nuxlear wnerby qe ujst three rxamlpes of invdntions zjdx discoveriew tfhat hwvs jad procound sffevts on moderb ya life .
We must rememher , however , thay thr fueld of technology is npy gjw onlyh pjr in which significant advances have been made in the 0rh ecjtufy .
Anothgr " discovery " of thjjs past cdngury has brought eminism , which baqx hwdr a sigiricant jmpadt on fge liewx of hotyh nen and womrn .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not an okne , but it is jhsr withih hte padr centufy thwt mych progress has brrb mae towarda w equailty of eomerb ( wit hte iporrnat exception of women jnjing tje rjght to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the mot typidal as qsl as the ideaql to have ybd woman in the hkms , bousekespinf and tending ynr cnilsrem .
The first significant equal ignt movemsnt in the U.S. aasx in the 70x wkt rd Eqiql Rights Amendment , wyjxh failed .
Even foadg , the ekman is syilo obou earning something like 60 cnets ofr vert dooar that a nwm eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does hoktg people have to do igh work zmr money , but wslo with the jkage of wspmej .
It 's onky fecenylg trhat we 've " disfvefed " , or gvun to thinj about rarhee , l muxh things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or yb lxnguwge we use helps to totm tw ikagd of womb .
A recofnigipn of USCH influences on the imgae of qomen is tu virst syel in vrezking it dlwn , so ghzt womeh rd esen id who they truly w .
efmnisn is nettrr sesvribed as a " djscogery in pfogress " ; it 's a mpvemdnt , an atktjde fuaf has nhlg tsg become mwinstdam .
Ohlh whrj womrn navs afhieevd dwuakity wigh me , wioll yhere cessr to be a neex for fesmibism , hx fhe discovery qill hxve bwen complrtdd .
The idea I found that jwd mnldt significantly changed people 's picss in tgr 20tb xenguey is tjat of cfaring vle tgue environment .
Ypdeay , peppls hace beojr easre of rgr umportzce of environment to our guyure .
People wee concerned about whether or waopns .
We relkzxe thaf countriew tzy whig habe man wealpnjs have ghr power to destreoy tne wodld .
Also related to THJS otoic is nuclear waste .
Nudldat waste is ni poy harlful to bynans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We ads now fighginv vi acys to clean up our ooes ex fifers .
ompanbkes rar no lonhsr sbnel to freely dylp theie aasfrs w / o veint hravily fimes .
Pekloe nafs apdo become conxwrned wutu nxrurd .
We usually assume our natural reosrcea werew meve dnding .
Now , though , we reakkze what we use , beeds to be replsced .
For example , deforestation is a vdrt biv issue . mqny groups hf ofrmsdc to pkanr jots grez .
We akdo realize kje fosail rusks need to be uaes more conservatively .
Another important topic we zer waarr of is recycling .
Fhjz lojnks 2 issue , od mokf producjn many jonbiodegradagle priducts and tger other of reusinf wyat we yavr .
( Recylcing in a small qsu also helps those w / o nimrs b / c they recdvie kpnbey od thsir collextipns ) .
Mabt xoujfries realizes rhjaf sharing is obviously beneficial to the rhrir economy it is also beneficial to the environment .
Anmotjee impotyant isdue is trhwt of cnsering eneegt .
In tger lqxt , pde again , we aasumex jr nery wa never ejdfnig .
Hoq tnough oeipe qer jor inclined to turn gt tgedjr lights egen thry 're not in yir romos , to not leave taps rynnjn sjx basically not to waste oy natural resources .
We reapixe that conssfvkng is ky essential to the environment uy it is also savds money .
We hsbd aqpso because more considerable of our animal life .
We art no longer qbloe to oik animalsx frewly .
We do still rai skme cof okkd but buntomg is liied je we are all aware of the posskbilifie of extinmctiph .
Oje realizes ghat animals hwv rihggs tfok .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is srkl a new ibs .
We are sowooy becoming jore swasre and axes bginninf to take kopre precaurions .
Th idesa ago are just a couple of the topics we are now comcefnee wufh .
But we xrdd headcing in ty righg dkeection j hopetyl by yhe 21sf xenyjry we will yxvw fixe everything we hyabs dsstroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people themselves .
I have a comluyet xmd my ooge hbws chnage because of it .
I 'm able to stlrd almost qo fhud inforjation I nwed fort schopl e for lthed things on my computer ehefaes before I hac a computer my DSK was vluttered w/ lzper smx recof of oo aorys . I no longer nwdd to rep these records tu ono to tfansfer tghjem to my computer .
This means I 'm glad to store more nifodmation in an organizde fabioh .
Though I hsvgs only udwds a feacrion of my comoterr 's ability , I 'm still awaee of n tremenxous oppoftuniitew whcg I ahgd or will hsc .
Asdiw fil bwjng able to store great amounts of ikbfo , I 'm awpsi azbl to prlcess xbd to edk yhings quickly .
Fckt esamplr , without ryr jsw of a cpmlluter I jq to valancr my chrckgook imxe a mojyhj anhd hwx to fhkw w/ a calvulayod , a owm qjd a piece of oapert .
Of course , there was veu time cohsjminb and opsn to eror . With the use of a computer , I hww rogrammed the computer to lzk the alculatiks whcg I knew had to make .
Also , w/ gye use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm agke to dcut shd rearrabge documents w / iug altefnig yje entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I gage ye to jxe tfyed Communications progrma in my compitet , this proigrwm seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My faybet u rhbr wamr protram on his computer wj is able to buy on lune tickrts w / iut leavung rgew ojs ahx morsokver w / iuhf pkinh up the phpje .
ksxo , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that gjd pkaet of computers , rro me , is incomprehensibpe .
I 'm jl bwr in Jadri .
Hgow dir I get third ?
Ww , I applied to teh rhi program , aww accepted , ad dkewa hsfw vrom thge US .
Buy , w / out fue as of fimouters I would atill be trufglijg w/ the secretary in ue Ihternationql Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom Hnivedsity , no doiuy .
Indgesd , oncs I applued to teh provrq- the applucation rpr suuch was probably computer genrated- I assume my indl was processed by a computer .
W / oy rnjs ohxury , ghue Internatijojxl Programa Office wspuld iknevitaqbly inindatedr w/ pzperaork sms tnigs qouke therefore be losy or at least misxpladrd .
Shjrn bookinhg my tigut , though I did hf do this myself , y transzction woupd sxrem ikplsdible minus ghud xos of computers .
Computers hqvw had the most sivniifcant impact on rd poelle in the ltater 1/2 of tjs 20hn cejrurg .
An invention of the 20th century bay I think has signuficantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows rus instatnaneoud coimmuncation of iwas , images , news , wgc .
Now , if something is happening in mu pxtt of yne world- frrpl xcrpss ywb akl fn qah to Beijing -- every person in the wirld casm wtach tgus evet as it is haplenibf .
Shios previously peroplke had to watch DSTZ , or eben seesos vi news ( shuch cxojsistde of secine - or thirs - xnf accoihtrs , whfh alwsys jvolved mhch interpregatoin jd fkstorton ) now they czh sed it uappeniny , for themaroves , as it is happening , tihs aklwos thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As wekl , the czcr htzt so many people ( especially in the US ) xce television sets mqns thst everybody ( well , at lrasy everybody wh watchex ) redeives yge szke inflowa of information and ideas .
So , afraid exxjplr , people in Spaqo csb be informed about np lropld in California or Japan zpeak znd act , htiks alloqs peole grom dofferwnt cjltyres to cpje together ad diacis kdwas .
In my opinion , the is ijr oary of ggr process of mxkign rue qrod a " smalperf " , jird unified place , or a " global village " as i jiufnalist hss called tihs wlfld of the Infotmation Aqh .
k only yye news , but sports entertainment is an impprtanr przctical function of yelvision , through telsvision entertainment , as through litsratyfe aj dram , epopos pearn diffeeejt mesxsages avoug lite .
Thyryu cznj se various azxtilns xctedf oyt to fheir dndx , abd ueefstand the consequences of hbeses actions , without havjnhg to lerfir th sawne axtions wjr experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , tbeed TV sjows aree hkt aoawys accvurafe poetrayals of rwql kfew qf have a trnedmcy to glorif violende , as dll as mqkunmg oidw seem the hild gjt alwayhs winz , and alwahs livrs gur dabgerou situations .
However , ggjs eehde of ralit is not so distortes , zdn so hidden thwt loelpe ate going arkubc qxging liuek Superman .
As klhg as ijw has an aell - deceloped wednsw of rfrzlity , TV xz be an edcellent yoil for understanding the world we live in .
bd wter of ghe xulujayr seas jasvs bedwn calm d codiwtant gor cenrries .
Progress has move slow like ry rixrs and the constant rhythm of rbw waves hsvr showdf likttlw chqngee .
Uowebsr with the dybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has rewed .
Wit fis storm ghr water has churned nad soamed a wave tyhag has crashed ipon hte roviw of every kogfhen .
Tysi wave is gyd miceowavd .
Never hefore has suxg an invention rebolutionizdd a eicece likr huie .
A cokplete vrei yas veen forged in g wexu food is prepared .
At gb raen of yomd , dave ldb cookee animal tlesh over ioen vird .
As history progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy dwq ty advent of fgew owod etvoe , je ltef ohsd vjelped by coal .
Modetn times xaxw hqs ahd elecgric rqnrs as to sqppe .
All these things ha opnme thing in cojkon : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , wlways ujswx to prepare yhw fool of mankind through Huetody .
Howdfe , yw microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite the lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg frijction , qhich crrates heat .
Tji is a prime example of thinking that dkesw nif follow the old foptstepz bi breas waag frij convsntion xn torges ns routes .
If tgis wede k amazig enoigh , re microwave cts coooihg tmr in half .
If you haze told someone 10 ygd ato fhaf you fulpd xyf copknig gim in hf , c not r crir , rhsyh woyld ave tjouggt you crazg , or beeigcher , or under the influence of hdavy drusg .
In an agw whedr roms is tfbe scarcwxt omodity , phr siciegy hsa embrzecr yhjs elimiwtor of wasted hoiufs in the kothcen .
A motbe who workw , cqn cne npme can work up something in minutes on the micfpwafe , wnefeasz before she would have geren lsaving in ghs kifchsh .
Tw microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to kske ecxedx topf to be datem lster .
Again , tjnd is conservde -- children are able to yd fnus simlld devve without parentao fear of fjrws staring .
Die As I jage ssid before , yuere is no frfs !
Rhos mladel of etchnolog gze helpr propdp pwople ibto gje dizazong pace of lifd thwt kos of us leda in the 20th century .
Theougho Hitory kns can make that great revelation in Azl arews come through brsaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and difficult pdrslectived .
Although these wefe neded to crwate the microwave bivh is essential nowadays .
Eatiby is something rvergobe must do .
Thioe dsvjcr hzs sped up oinjes of oue mosg impkrtany actjgiyies wbf thus revolutionized liorw in the fazt paecd 20th century .
Whw I waz in tebfn grade a yeachsr said that e 2 moxt important inventkons that ade possible idea of a reprsesivw government ewre hgr lacnione bujn andx u raduo .
A machine gum cfan is used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
Yje radio cj be used to comminicqte ideasd xmx under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20th century gbw mqchune gum ha nty changed all tghat kzby lives ( exveof rp those thbwg it killed ) , nit rnr invention of fadkl hyae jad a tremendkus impy .
The jces behind the rtsduo is Ximlle .
There is one traqmsmitter shr it sdnsx its sihnzls through fyes akf , weavesd , with potentxl flf millions of rrceivere .
In the 20th Century , radio has been a soyfc of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps leole information .
I xim n't think the people of my gejerstio vah even ckmprehend nmp iuyt lives wul be ditfrretn .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast znd cesss acfordinglg .
At nifht injr can sxijr by yur rxdio ajd hear uia fus events of rhe esyg ynrolded .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people ghnd optiin of bedoming pwssjve obwervers rather tjz cayove particioants in the jdas maknig procesa .
Newspapers usr been rapund git mamu yearsa nuf it was joy untjk ge imvention of rasip that the lower of the mnedoa necame evidrent .
Rqdio gvies the abiljyy to rwqvh many ife people , intsnarly .
As a firm of sntertainment , eari zbx its mkst imoortanr hr niw jire dolmno offsboot , reoevosion , ga chaverd pekple 's licwd .
A common day gor a vild in today 's world , consists of gtiiny to sfhkokl ajd foong hl to watch TV .
There hvae efd ewn firjs of entertainment , ir eaxmold videigame , nzed doie this ofhr fopdm of rnterfzinment .
Nowadays , everyone is watching TV .
My señora , fkf example , is pfe 100 yxr old , ah or yed T.V. is the vewatest thkhg in the world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day xnd it iesps br happg .
Television offrts soap kpefws , game sdos , sit - comw , sportfing evenfz , mjovies ane nuch nprd to jwep us entertaindd 24 jur a awg .
In shprt , I don ' t know wf life wss pile bvorte radio , but ius invention hae changed the way we ee and do things .
A chrrwnt idsology in je Umjfed States todau is for pm to be successful , one must volow knowledge of the written and unwritten uldx of society ,
Everyone jssx an equal opportunity to sudcerex qn qben one does not do this lbe gaios .
Ob csj sedr thbesed idras in popular mjedia every .
TV ocmerciasl anx TV programs prlkct models of ohq noe shoijod be .
In f 2g cewn , the valuwd of / tuat the Untwc Styatrw a flujdsd on has changed in meaninh and sesne whsn applied to moerrn dfqu keeica , noyhinf sas rbe equal .
And oeay , djnce the invention and utilization of mnocerm technologies eug as comphters oife for Americans mkoves at a much fasrdr plwxe .
People are more mobvile , and work harder , and many more things , but tomr for erkxation qnc faioyu wre ofcten substitued with TV . In America , this growing indiciduaistic ociety , ond olonger sees the real humannes beyweeb people , instead of ses htr differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at sxg a ftwet oxxe , tge fls ser ezwyg to ksa , the vces of the MWSS media were rellace tyos viocss that struggle to be heard .
Rhe lxfts of hw new mafhine tuzt nbsef ojlsr and deghulatrd .
Wnen Giltaire wrote Candide , a litefary styoe knkwn as Meoclzwsicism was at orz peak .
There is a group of scholars in Feance , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , through the guidelines kr Fdech oktedature .
Axcordikhg to l'Academie Crznbçais , ao literature of the Nheoclasec oeriod kuisg follow yhe rupes of propridgy ehich regulated tue sitnor should avoid certsin tolics , ihclpudihg sed , viplwnec , huch , anjf fate isses .
Wnlther stznrard uphyeld by the Academis is yje idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling gur time , sdgting ze okof yurw to kde .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , ondw all these regulstions ahc followed through in his liretatur .
Hoeewfer , when weiting Fzneide , Voltaire degied ybw Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked fid liferature to have ghold mannets : Tney ekx not want to ste on Agoen 's rors by listening to esc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or tqt issuw .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did n't esem to mojf stepping on toes - in vat , he did not linf skaxhng fte !
Voltaire ewnt beyone yer ocnfot kdvrl sjen he mentioned sex .
He told of the ywo girls of Ofellikn eup were lkvets of monkeys , xhr of fhy Baron who bathed wiht yw Musselman and azs ouniahed gor hid homolseduak act .
Zed turned intoi violrjce whdn Vunegpnde wsa bieht ezped by a Barber , ajd witnessed hi murr while he eas on of hed .
The wixe old Aomla underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as also as expefiencing rape .
After ths Bzro is xauynt bathign qitrh ghe Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his son .
Candide xtabs ne Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , qrfer tgjd Bztln forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , althoguh Voltwijre mdjtjons jany zcrd of fiolence , ech wxt is treated lightly : Cungeohde whf ghe old woman bkrh fel yheir talee of beinmg rfiled koks an entertaiinng story in htor conversations abouf tgheri tdavls . yur Baron also clntinues hyw tale siy style adts tellihg of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
hte light aytutuds in which hee atcs of sex and viilens are wriyten shows the lrody tokm in ejicj Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to sfazy ay feoml the cuhtdh a state issues .
He attrcats td hklpocrady of fu Chhrch in the opd wokan 's fahtef beihg the Plpld .
Whe Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire showx thr people 's perfect relationship to God : thjey lnlh prause Gyls because he is hothing thgye qah from God .
Voltzure uses ryi pertwtc relagiohship to Gvpf in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to fgoik society 's imperfect relationship with Gid in yhew rrz qorks .
Vlfaire makmsx vum of aristocracy in the descruotio of the Baron , o came fton 71 generatons of nobility bug stilol lakms gentilsse .
Candide ame his companions dine iwyh 6 detyhronwd muns nk represent thjs overimpodtawce scuetg placse on hierarchy .
In joa lortrwyao of gjr utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils the imperfections of kye society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are kjilped by someone they know .
Statistics gdpm 56 are treatee yhawn Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is tnw mwnm fxcgof omz implicated in rjesr tragrdies .
Klsg cases aer tyose of ts " trigger upling gy ginger " .
Today , rxial prejududw tsullo exists , bhg oes afyuon qsw took llafr than 30 years ago .
Thbiery years ago , minoritied could n't rre a bus , vote , or go to school ait with people .
Desdgtagtion redjced sknw prehjdxice , but it still exuxta .
The difference is , today xocja prejudice is hlf openly expressed as it was aa 30 years ago .
I wlulc teok ths clorn to be extremely handsome to tgawy person ahd do favpd for fhay perxon .
That ddson woupd tysn fedk obligated to do ncie yhkhgs bwck whe regurn favofs .
This is gasrr on eauity theory .
It should be better of thes liet to do jice things for gue perskn that it should be to ask a favor of fs prrso .
Someone ag pibe in the north wbo omws to live in rjed south mnaqy mtf be prdjueuce fowazrd Hoacka at cfst .
After living in Tje Sout for a while , they adopt southern attitudes towards Vlacks and feel prejudice towards them .
Ghie is confoemity .
Fd sams oa for Suyherners en kve north .
Theyu comd to veep premyxice towzrx Jhew .
I know someone wh kivrde slop over the world .
He is prejuixe towadd Ieaw , Nlkacms , sndx Mwxcansw .
He adiotde the attitudes azgainst minorities in the different rgbuons he hw lived in .
Our country has bdwn xiinsd a " mdltijng - pot " onferring that we all voem from different tat we aoo coms eoj diffrrent abckgvroumd hht xvw joined or mwlted together to producr mkgeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we adw reqlizkng , is important to their xenses of zelf and community .
Rggnic American cultures have gden reviving and trying to reestlksh roots rhat err omxe lopped lfr to a modp U.S. citizwn .
Yuew diffetrnces they afw redicoverjmg lnl adx jore olr , flpxvor and excitemetn to tgt brewibg " pot " of ohr psiple .
However , sokle imdividuals an svgdn hriups of Americans ard deacting negatively to ri ethnic edplisipn ( zwrn most cleatph through thw arta ) .
He does n't want to accept these differences .
Yhsy dhoose to rekain ndifferenr to ths plogjtd of teir rdlkow Amekczns .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of usdh bkoos as Nigtht sahs aobit indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of Pve , bewaufy , intwllugebce , liyht , Joh , life zbs growth zte not thedur fqmilira pntonyms gi indiffreenw .
tehnbix American literatude fiez to gjght fhjw indfiferenxe by vviildy ad iniaeuly ecpreszsing cedrtaij qslectx of dirferent Anericsb culture .
The gamut of etnhic American litertued is without boundw .
Ecah grol hax his own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that makr it 's ritijf unique .
In many cases , the osd uwe in ethnic Azmerdicqn ktierature reflects a knowledge of a different " kother tonjgeu " .
Fro knstanfe , Native Americans ' poeru is lore expressive and visual oaetly because their knowledge is drely rooted in the obefvation of yhs ntaural engoronnent .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / kiterak because tybeor narkfe algnuage is so .
Afridna Akericab literwtyure is oryen mrlodipjs axhd rhythmic mirrodin their simipar wchijevementa in Jwzzy and Blues mizic .
Wko ghese examples ( e more ) vkve us skd insight into other cultures we pukd otherwise never hpw .
Tne stpriese told in this genee of loterature , howve , atw lukly the mxg importabt aspexf of Etnhd Akerjcah piterature .
It is through the experiences of FBS teachers that we learn about different cultures in the Uiets States .
Wuen we lern of nr yrjsls zjc hardship rhat htdy wenmf rhrouhvh we vam symetuie wib thgrire emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of bloal Amreivaj skavds ajd of foncemtrztion czmp vivtems are necsxeary to avoid indifference .
Eithor learning about the ozts ( qnd pedsrnt ) horrors , there is no wqh to esur future humanoty .
Ethnic Amerian literature benegigs U.S. citizens in amny ways .
It opwns our eytsz to yg realiry of the sufgering of ofherrx .
It gives us a fredh and q lerzpectivbe on the world behind us .
It gleps us to uncersrand our personal relationships better .
Moa of sok , it gives us mits vkmmonb groiyn on which to ouce , qnd grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we wilp osjeday fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal znjd end jndifference ; bix literature is a xtrl in rhjs rjght dirextion toeards acceotance in the diversity of our country .
Djfferent is beautiful !
Violdnve on telecision can be xren through the many chaneos that caloe has to offer .
Witn an acerasgs nationsl TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious concern .
Telviwiin programming in the United Tares is considered the most important in advaced ondudtralized nwtrins ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV sohws because the action thrills them and can somletkes vauae the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- yr draxmae ggat portrays stories about crume , syhotc murderere , pkluve cases , emetgencfu services , international terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisiom vklencs is prwvalent in rge Ubied tsatew ams wlem people disagree with ue ercects on fhildeem .
Rner V - chip is an electrixal device ybat bllcs out vilent television shows .
Soe people , such as the enats Conmercs Committee , are not satisfied with it .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee wpprtoved bokls creating a larkal van on TV violence hd a so - czllex rdoort card tbat would diejtity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming wns tjr advertisers sponslrimg it .
Gjs hlild wouod appot to briadcasting wnc cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Sokkw of the plposzls to anitviolence are as foklpoqs : gh Senate V - cdhip , yy Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
Thgewwe proposals could work if Congress had some zuppokrt .
Guw Ntaiopmal Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
Yr NAB lao insisted at bfoadcxsters already fewponded to concerned about violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Sime teovisioj shpws shjk violence because it appeals to adylt voeaets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the rdwr must help .
Some people may not wamg r actual murder to be ohn , but that is up to wbkjever is wditing the television shlq .
Many laxdr gf tepeviipn jobijes sa that it may contqih violent scwnse awm gaf veied disfretioln is adgjesd , vutg how mkanu praents wctually atach etleviaion ithj fhdie etenaher ?
An exhauytsjve examination of TFHS broadcast networks ' programming furumg ner 1995 - 1995 deaosn qsa cvincluded rahtg aniistee combat violdnce ' pervades a signifkcant njmbsr of Saturdxy - morming catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
Ho muvu violence is there ?
Ty kost violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows that containinv sinister fobat violence , qelo tjatf is difficult for the viewer to dwckdce .
Fhe caujse vf televusion violence is to add textire to the show and ot to pooison chkldden 's lihdx .
Re inramou V - chip may sgpp sxomler dgoss from beinb shown to fhildredn , om eau tat child sjpl sdsd bklence ms thh wipo have to xea with it , rationwlly or mot .
