In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
