In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
If you have a car , you probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who do n't have a car , so they are used to going by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more convenient , because they have done it since they were children .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . For this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village( ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not notice this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird . This is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try . especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Mlaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Gnova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , Mxico .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date (  ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatn ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichn Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Caldern are young still .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
My name is Montserrat Mrquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic  ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses .
Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses , because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
I mean , it was September , so I had one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
I may not know how to cook the usual food of the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter . He owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Gnay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Erturul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential . They are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself . It causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided with energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
At the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you could help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
It 's not too late , though , to try to bring our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complicate its field of possible actions .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between the team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides a service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I asked the chef for recommendations .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview of the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online as a result .
Examining teens ' identity construction on social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that are joined together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she breaks off her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought about why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the last people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should carry out , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . 
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
I 'm also very good at first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim to do something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put a pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy every minute of it .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train or a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions than before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of keeping one , two or more per family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude that had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably wo n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature of approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discussing your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , because there are many that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
1- Most patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
It can not escape our minds that , at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single - sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are much dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of a private life .
Since for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person in the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and get out of poverty .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you . It 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world about some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would definitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I would never be the same person I am now .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and just passing the time as if it were a long vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skills .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them . Actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on his book .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , then the consumer must use more of X. If you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic , because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think people act .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
However , if you are still very stressed , then you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to keep fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results will be translated into millions of people .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will also be beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the true blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitement that only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job . There are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Sindh province , has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it puts a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would first like to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which was very close to our cost .
When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
They might not be the best , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such a situation can they provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story .
So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussion in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
Since ancient times , public transport has existed , and it suffered numerous assassination attempts . In China , for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that time , chariots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the Mongol 's dictatorship on it ; the situation was reversed in an early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars an instrument of oppression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
To sum up , I think that if you want to do exciting sports , Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do other activities or go to interesting places .
That night , the time flew by , but things started to get weird . Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs . He was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species . The guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had ever heard about . The guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he fled the Federal Palace .
Jack was arguing with an officer about the Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and at that moment  Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
Jack tried to confront him , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fingers and a lot of people came around him . He had a new team . He decided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karolina ( she decided to change her name to that because he used to say that that letter was her favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies in the world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military field , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known his last name until that moment : Junior . He was embarrassed about it , he was the offspring of a weird woman , but she was his mother .
The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag . They were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave . In that way , their friends would find him buried . But they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands to a chair . It was exactly the same thing he had dreamed about .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him . They had used some weapons from The King of the Sky . They got into the room and started shooting while Michael was untying Jack from the chair . Accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting . All her body parts were scattered on the floor . He did n't care about that and fled with the others .
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's surgery . Nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church , could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
Nor could I have conceived , after having multiple people help call the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of an American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and , simply , a human being with various roles in life who has been happy a million times and unhappy a million times .
No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth , since I have never seen him face - to - face . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and the surroundings I live in .
It was easy to draw him into the love affair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts in a lively way and vividly .
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this life - affirming tragi - comedy is about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini .
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line between comedy and drama .
You see , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could , even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
All these tasks can be completed within a month , and I would be glad to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key where attracting clients is concerned .
At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would not go into restaurants and , instead , they would meet friends at home .
For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way for three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person , but maybe two or three more .
A new era was created . It was the most brutal period in the history of mankind . It was known as many things . Most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era " .
However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break - ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
I love the World Cup despite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just shown us how corrupt our government can be with the huge overpriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in their construction , etc .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Therefore , the first chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude with his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistakenly shot by another cop .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that make your jaw drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethical principles and , nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; Line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write the third and fourth series , and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
She was just about to open the door to check the inside when , suddenly , a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed , chased by four big spiders who had just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally , you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technology to help you plan your journey .
To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religions , and traditions .
After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life - not him , Marianne - for life , or leaving and starting afresh , he had finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor . It appeared on the news , in newspapers and on the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
However , teachers run the risk of losing their responsibility there , and students can lose their educational way looking on the phones as a means of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable and effective , as you say in one of your paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively using their phones under their desk " .
Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated into the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers , in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
Upstairs , there would be a games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally , a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could watch our favourite films .
I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority to changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there are still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird . She loves having company , so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
The human race began from the jungle , where they lived with the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees , and now the journey of the human race has come to the same scenario , where once again , he is living with the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may collapse either due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attack .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who , time and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( the Illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
This restaurant is very affordable . The prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for your pizza , with or without French fries , and a drink for about three euros .
As was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow us to obtain that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context . Even so , the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtaining an interesting picture of how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under the CLIL umbrella .
How to provide students with more real and relevant input , in the daily routine of an art class , seems to be a challenge for Arts and Crafts teachers , who need to bring together the development of the artistic language and the learning of a foreign language .
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove . The difference is that , instead of a fan , here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it needs a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the purpose of a fan and a pump is the same : move fluid from a point A to a point B , but in one case , you have to move air and in the second case , water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming . Therefore , they are serious about protecting the environment .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse to litter . If they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep their rubbish in a small plastic bag . At home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
Personally , I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing a heavy trolley . Crowds in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the shop to another , because these shops are organised in a way which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
On the contrary , I disagree with having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure in reading novels , which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity but all the while keeping myself safe and comfortable .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of the fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
In an age when career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors , it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world , in order to develop and expand your career options .
After all , the factor with the most influence on the demolition of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt on your stilettos while you are making your way to a bus stop .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go out . He was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing , because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and , last but not least , although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
Concerning this amazing trip , I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening at this time of the year , and the second and last , about what type of clothes you recommend , which is of great importance primarily to our female students .
