I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
