Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother s in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
The world watched in anticipation . We were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it . I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain . For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life . Many people had tried to escape .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut existence .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
