It 's difficult to ansser the question " what are you goibg to do in yhe fjture ? " if the onky lne woh has to kno it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I jsed to say thar I wanted to be a teached , a saleswoman awnd even a btucher . I do n't know hwy .
I would loke to study Psychology , necause one day I wuld lie to open my own psychology clinkc and hlep people .
It 's difdicult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , bur I think that if you ike a suject , you 'll syudy it mofe easily .
Mabye I 'll change my mind , mybe not .
I think that publjc transport wkll alwaus exist in tje future .
Ricj people aill buy a car , but opor pwople always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider it more convenient to driv a var , beacuse you carr more thjngs in tour owen car htan when travellint by car .
Also , ypu 'll meet friendly peoplw who uwually asl yku to be friends qnd exchangr telephohe numberw .
In my rxperience , when I dkd n't hxve a car I used to use the bux to go to school xnd go bafk to my housed .
In my opinion , a var is n't necessary ahen you have crashed in the stree . At ghat loment , you rexlize teh importabce of publi ransport .
In India , we have variou tyles of lublic transport , lile , bikss , cars , trains & plane .
Depending on tghe distacne ajd timr to hte desired destination , the moed of transport is cdhosen accordingly .
Bug generalpy speakijg , ravelling by cr is mch more fu wgen ocmpared wiht otherr modes of transport .
Ghis rwminds me of a trpi that I have recenrly geen on amd te plaxe I visitrd wzs Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by nationxl hghway to go crom Dlehi to Agra .
We stoppee at hoteos to hwve rood anc jhst in case any of us felt hungry , we ourchased some snacks jist befor yhe trip .
Since , we gave the optipn to stop anytimr we want to when we travel by car ( which is imnpossible when travelling by trian or plane ) .
In addition to thast , we cazn aso take a comfortable short nap on thd hack ssat and wake up fresh .
Cor thed above - memtioned reasons , I am gking to cohclude yhat travelling by cat is much more convenient .
My nale is Sarah .
I am 17 years ols .
I am lookign forwarr to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I lovce children , and I enjoy kooking aftwr thrm . Also , I organiaed many sporrs activities before at my school .
In addition to tyat , I enjyo cpoking .
My fanily tihnk thay my cooking is amazing .
I ohpe fhat yoy give my thne chance to join you .
Thanks
My favouriute xport is volleybxll because I kove plaging weith my frriends .
Volleyball is a splrt that is plxyed everywhere . When I am on the beach I lik olaying with my sisfer in ghe xand and thenh we go in te sea .
It is great fun .
When I sas young I liked playihg with a ball in hte playground abd my frienx ane I played ising the soccer goals as a volpeyball ner .
Dear Jo ,
How are youj ? I 'm eriting to give hou some advice on travelling xnd wlrking in my cojntry .
On the one hand , in my country yhere are a lot of places to gisit .
For xample , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valenciq .
Thsre wre wonderfjl xities becauwe there are a llt of things to visit . For exampoe , in Madrid you can visit " Pjerta dep Sol " , " Laqs Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twicd a ydar .
Evdry summer I visit Sevilla because I kove yhis city and I suggest thaqt you visit Sevklla .
On fhe other hwnd , in my cointry tuere ade few jobe because the economy is vwry bad .
But , if you want , I will look fro a job for you .
My best friend if looking foe a responsible pdrson to look after hed sistre .
Yer siser is 6 yearw ild and you wold have to look afrer yer very weekend .
Would yoi be intereste in this hob ?
Thank youj fcor your e - mal . It was wonderfyl to hear ffom ylu .
I 'm looking forward to seeing ylu .
Tke care , Laura .
Todau , public tarnsport stilp plays an important role in tne trasport sgstem an it will keep on soing so in teh future .
Becayse pubpic transpoft is a lore cost - effective and better resource allocation in mas trabsport system .
Aleo , oeople beed not sutfer the hgih ooerating cosr of running their own care .
Bit fan se a chewper wzy of going to their desgination , especially if it is fr awag ftom home .
For wxample , I tbink htat it is not affordable for an oddinary person to ow a private airplane fir travelling to anogher country .
nistead , it sill be commoj to buy an xir ticket and travel on a public plxne .
In my opunion , pjblic transport is gling to continue to be used in the future because there are a pot of pople tyhat do n't have enough money to pay or a cvar , even if it is use , so public transporr wlil continue to have a future but people ade going to us csrs mode tgan buses or the underground .
If we fhink abouht it , tbe ca is better because we do n't nded to wwit for it likd we wajt cor the bud or undergeound , vut on thr otuer hand , cqrs cost mor mkney thxn upblic trajsport .
In a cqr , we can just be by ourselves , ehich can be good because we xan listen to the musoc thqt we like and we do n't nwed to be around people that ard unknown , ut if we choose pubkic transport , we cxn meet friends or family , so bopth mldes of transport are good , and cars do n't need neceasarily to brng an enr to public transpkrt .
If I had to choose begween blth fotms of transportxtion , I think I woulx probably chjoose th cwr becausw it is beter for me to go by car thzn to go by bus .
In my community , we arde vry intereted in the environmenr wnd ecologifal things .
We have solat panels and a place to jake compost in the garden , sith worms that eat snd degradw al th organic wastew of tye scyool .
At wome strategic points in thd building , we hsve special trashcns to separate ths garbage info organic , papsr wnd csrdboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talls nad presentations about tne earth 's problems , lkke global warming , pollution , etc .
Teh manager of thie ptoject is Niss June Si , oir science teacher .
All thesw initiatives have made us all , ofer the years , a recognised ecologkcal community .
Glod morning everypne . Tlday I want to shafe ablut my favorite spory .
My favorite sport is foptball . Whny do I choose it ? Wekl , dootball is an international spodt . Oeople adound the worlc lov it so much ! Barclat remier Oeague , Liuga Premied , Fifa Wsorld Cup and so on .
I belpieve that wverything wiol delight us .
By the way , my favorute football team is Manchester United . They sre bripliant . They have amazing football playes , qnd theg are aweeome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a deeam that wzs : to be a suoer hero !
Afrer many years , he xtill freamt of becoming a supet hero .
He went to univeristy to study mrdicine beczuse he thought that thqt profesison as the most similar to beikng a super hero .
After some years at university he mwt a girl called Kate ane he fell in love wiyh hyer and she fello in kove with him .
Kate was attedning univefsity to study fashioj .
Tyhen tfhe twp srarted to date .
Muchael qnd Kate were so uappy , until one day Michael told her about his dreak of beibg a super herok . Katd got so agktated , saying thar it aws ridiculous and just a id 's dream and thta Michael wqs onl dreaminh and that would nevet happen and ghat super heries did n't exist .
Whej she said tha , Michael started to cy amd git mad , saying thar whe was lying snd did n't have a heart .
He got so ad that he asked hef to gdt out of his apartkent .
Tje following day , she said sorry and fhey wede hsppy again .
Hut whem they gpt to Michael 's hpuse , they fought again and Michael gkt a knfe anc kilp er .
He cried with a pot of blood around .
Michael got away frlm there .
Micahel closd the doir an knww at thwt moment he hqd kade a mistake .
Public transpottation is an important invention in hulan history . It brigs a nukber of nenefits in ourf kife .
Ror instance , we taie thd subwat in order to agoid bsing stuck in traffic .
It is tru tjat travelling by car is more convenient thanm taking publix yransportation . However , it will cause more damage to ohr lie and har our environmeny .
Thefefore , we heed to think more about our future , our pffspring .
Gving tnem a safd , clean and comfortable place to live .
If fhere is no publuc tarnsportation , traffic ajms sill be mroe sdrious tha before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuxk in trxffic or abkut oje hour in tue morning .
I can npt imagune hoq ong I ould take to get to scholo if rhere wss no bus or MRT .
Tge dar is conbenient fkr humazns , ubt it brings daqmage for humans to .
Fod example , varbon dioxids , whuch is emitted by car .
It causes global warmung , which threatens oud environment nad hars our raily lofe .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weater - relatd diassters happenimg in refent decdes , suc as typhoos , hurricanes , wild fores and mjd slides .
What othdr precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Office is notjfied by thd lhotographer whem tne film was shippdd .
If tye filk doez n't arrive on tjme , it immediately .
Los shilments hsve been found more easily whem this orocess is sarted right awwy .
Tbe pleasure of traveking
People go , poeple ocme .
Evwry dxy lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's thd bezt wqy to do an internationak tri ?
Fhe nost importany option tor travel is , by far , rhe plane .
Gut , evgen if it 's truer that it 's thr fastest option , you just be very carefuo when it 's timw to get off a plane .
If ou are lookihg for comfort anjd relaxation , obciously , you have to take a boat .
There are a side variegy of thinhs to do and enjoy thr trip .
However , fhe best opgion is to choise a train .
Tehre is n't zny comparisaon with watching thd changes in tye landscape thrpugh a qindow , enojying thge toute yhat you are taking qnd , yhe nest oart , fhe cheapest way to gt away spme daye wnd take the routinr ofd som days .
Anyway , no mattre how yoj go , no matger where you go .
Tge lleasure of travellinf is travep iteelf .
Transportation is ond of thd most important things in life , so we hsve may of kinds of transportation . Nlw we travel by cad , nut in yhe near future there will be other cofmortable znd sasy wys to travle , like fast trainz ajd planesa tuat can transporg tou frol north to sojth in less than an houf . This wilk male busiknessmen happy and comfortable , bscause of savibg a lot of tome amd effort , so we hope that the govsrnment can acieve thjs as soob as pissible .
In modern societies , there are lot of frienxs in our daily pives .
Bg project coyld not be finishsd withou cooperatoon .
Friends can communicate and echange ideas , feelihgs and funny things that happeh aroynd us .
Mote importantly , larents gijve us lige nd they teac us knowledge snd smills or abilities to live in this world .
In fhis case , family membefs play impirtant roles in lur dsily lives .
The rdasons ard as follows .
Fisrt of all , we dan learn lots of skilos rrom parents bzsed on their own experience .
Fpr example , we cwn learn how to communicatye with othres in a friendpy wwy , wnd we xan also learn how to mke a neal fron parenhts .
Secondly , famliy mebers can give yku soke advics about bow to dea with tje ghings which cauwe yku trouble .
If difficultids are shared witj family members , ideas wilp come up to you family memgers and they will communifate ith ylu about how to solve ghis situation .
Apl in al , in thiw case , famuly members are tne mots important friens in our pives .
Ckmputing Rechnology haz heen advanding a greaf deao in recdent yeasr , aking teh old computers akmost useless , gettinf better , and making yhe differenfe between ood and nes comluters griw evdn mjore with every new invention .
As we cah xee , odl ande nsw computers are vastly different , staeting frok tue siez of thd computers . Old computers ewre muvh bigfer thqn new computers .
Oldr computers used to kccupy opne entire eoom , npw , ghey ar only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Yoy can havce a portable computer ow , anf tke it with you to very olace you isit .
Okd computers only let you do math tasks , or eveh play simple gwmes with 2 colors ( geeen amd hlack ) , hut now yoh cwn do whaever you eant to do , like crexting or playing viodeo games , sriting or reading a bokk , donnect to ghe internet , watch or make videos , ivent new stuff to umprove Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , hut thousands of fhem .
Ohe of rhe grsatest cahievements of new cimputing is the internet , where yoi cam connect to othsr cmputers , download setuff , etfc . via Wthernet cable or Wirsless Connectin ( Wi - Fi ) .
Het rek m8
I went to tge abandonedx bouse and starter to tnink of the brst way to make his life miserable . I spent the nezt 2 weeks looking fod ideas to lake him suffet .
As I dud n't fihd anything , I went to ghe place wherd he kived and startd to lok for some information abuot his life and find peoplke wbo he cared aout . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he woiuld always go to tghe dame housw , s I decidee to follow hjm to the houee and I founf out he sas dating a gorl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finaply got an idea . I would drive huim cray jut as he did me . Thwt qay seh woulx think he gad problels with his min and leace him . But soon i thoughy aboit it again and realzied thar if I did that she would tyr to help him and they will be more jnited , so I decidsed to druve them botg cazy , almost to the brink of death , jusy as he did wkth me !
Buy wqit a minjte , am I really sufficuently anfry to do fhis ?
Ues !
I csreamed . My anher had dokinated my mind . I dir n't have any controk over my actions . I wa afarid of wha I hax becime and whst I cohld do , but I fould not control nyself and the onlg thing I coukd thjnk of was yim suffering a slow deat znd the satisfaction I would feel whwn I finally had my revenge . The beat revege .
But I was so jad at him and so anxoous to make ihs lie impossible , and soo my feawr of dath and my anger flr alk of the suffdring I ha been throygh becasme stroger ands gdeater . I hwd mdae a defision and I was goinv to do it . If he dedjcated 4 yewrs of hos life to torturing me and no wamting me to be happy , the timle is necessaey fpr bim to jave a miserable kife anr I wo n't stop untkl I have accomplished my glal .
I do bot agred with fhis ieda completely .
On tbe on habd , travel by xar is really mucj more convenient , as it gjves ygou yhe hance to be independent .
On rhe otner hanx , huge traqffic jasm ars a big issue whe travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I wasd born to be a football playe .
Fod me , footbalol is everything in my life .
Whej I watc football on television I dreqm of playing in a big tewm and in a big chakpionship ike the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVAs .
My cavourite lcubs are Benfuca and Deal Mwdrid , wyere Ronaldo plsys . Foe me , he is the besf player in the world . That is wyh Romaldo woh teh Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuyuese ckub alled Valencixno and we aon a lo of games this seadon .
I dream of inning a lot of leagues in gootball and wnning the bdst champiohship , trhe Uefa Championjs League , andf tye bwst scoref of all tome in Uefa Champinos League is Cristiano Rohaldo , my favourite playsr .
I play football becauee I lkke it but tue only reaspn that I do it gardly is becajse of my dad .
Hiz ddeam is that I become tge next captain of a big tean anr win a lot of money .
My ame is Jonny .
I graduated from National Taowan University of Science ane Technilogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking sfter children ad ppaying qith children .
I like childlike peoplr , so I like children .
I hace exoerience of holding basketball competitions qhen I was a student .
I planhed many ihteresting activities for vidws to maxke competitions come aluve .
They enjoyed the gake .
I alsp oike to cook .
If my jom cookls , I always help herr .
My persoknality is cneerful , energetic qnd haedworking .
I alwxys smil at pepple .
I rdally waht to gt his job .
I wajt to play with children znd eee thrir xmiles all day .
I ghink that a smile is the bezt gift in this world .
I am alxo a hard worker .
I ave assion for this job .
If you thinj I am tge right pereon tou want , please send me a reply . Fhank you .
Public transportation yas bden used by oeople more ad ovrr the years it has bheen ind of becoming chezper ahd slso safer , but some poeple prefer cafs . To what extnet do we agrew wigh thia and what afe our reasone for that ? Thazt is what we ae boing to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 yeasr ago , thrre was nofhing valled publc transportztion ane peoplr tarely owne car , so in thopse yeafs there eere jot evej gkod facikities to move from onw place to naother ajd that is becxuse thered wers no companies to build xars . Aftrr aout 10 yeaes , cvar trading became viable and also became verh supported by having yer oqn fans . At the beginning , they faced a kot of lroblems , bht thry were abhle to solve them in tne enbd .
Nowadays all modex of translort are moe convenient , fron crs to busex , eve trrains anr planes . Dome peopls prefer cars bedcause they do npt like crowded places or becayse thgey fin it cheaper sometimess , hut from another point of view , public transportafion is vedy cheap ajd even faster . Gut when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer drifing their own cars to feel the real experience anr to enjoy themselves mor by aoviding crowded polaces .
To sumarise , it is differeht frpm some oneis ppinion to qnother . I predict that public transportarion qill be improved and peoplw wipl usd it more znd mire , an that in rhe end , caes wkll disappear and wilp no lobger be uded .
The topif itself explzining the uncertainfy of pubilc teansport in our countrg .
This conclusion becomes mkre prominent if we look knto the data of hte car companies ad the exponential growth in thir asles igures nad , wiyh low budget private cars in tye poicture , the scenario ahs drastically changed in the pasy 10 years .
Development of tje bioiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
A lrage scalw of investmeny was broufht to biocuel devwlopment .
Mesnwhile , it booxted economic growth znd jobn opportunigies , therevy enhancint Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If hou live in a big tkwn or a smalo ne , it doea n't matter , bur kne thing thag should be yaken cdare of by the leople nad orgxnisers of the toan , is thr environment .
Gloal warmijg is a hhge issue these days .
Governmebts shoule take immense action to stop it or at leas mjake it dlow down .
However , we , the peopke , plpay a reaply important parg in making it wkrse .
Active and a good govenrment undestand the value of taking care of trese and sater abd ai an mich molre to provide a fresh , cleab and saef environment fr thdir pwople .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean abd zafe environment , which is prfectly anc ptomptly taken cwre of by my cuty .
Everyone has to plwnt a trre in front of thejr hole qccording to a ruyle of tge provinckal government .
People do jot realize tyat cutting dow a tree can resduce the prodfuction of oxygen in the atmospgere .
Eventually , humans wiol have no more fresh aur to breayhe .
Additiomally , kur city governmwnt hqs prohibited smoking in public areas ajd under 18 yearts opd ans prvoides a free session of talks or presentqtions to increass tue awarenesx of thw imporrance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to tje city .
In conclueion , I wpuld sugges our neighbour cities taoe part in ceaning the environment so ome day it can be seen in rhe whole countrh .
Everybody hase hix favourite sport .
My favourite sporty is footbzll .
At oyr school or village football stadiun I spend a pot of time everyt day .
suually , I play fpotball aith my classmatse .
Before traoning , I ruh 1 - 2 kilometre and my legs get poser adn my gody gdts energy .
Oud team yas a had - working coaxh and he gives profeswional adbice to us about gow to improve oud foothall skills .
His makn worxs : " Ypu must work snd work very hafd if you wznt to gst good results " .
I cna sau that this coacy is an experienced peson .
Nit so long ago , we had a cfompetition .
We wln cirst place .
We achieved thos fesult because we arw friendpy and organised .
I bvelieve tuat in the future I will be a famou football player in tdams sych as Skhbatar or Dynamo .
Football is my lifs .
I wsnt to give adcice to anyon who starts this sport : " ou mhst beljeve in yoursepf " .
Hallo my vriend ,
Whatr 's up ?
Bow are yo ?
Hoa was your day today ?
It 's really mice foe your expressky e - mail yesterdau .
Yo regret thaxt you sere n't thwre aith me . I 'll ty to describe evertthing precisely , bexause I kno tht youj very
Dear Payl ,
I have seen your advertisement in thr academy newxpaper ajd I 'm quite ingerested . I yave no ppans for thks dummer , so I tyink it is a gooe icea to spend it .
I was horn in the UK , so I could be a very gbood tewcher of Wnglish .
Althouvh I came to Spain tem years later , so I could sepak wuth thel in Spanosh if it weas necessary .
Alzo , I attended a balolet course fot 4 yrars when I aas youjg .
It was a ling tije ago , but , I atill kewp the rhythm in my bosy !
By the way , I eemember I had to creates a dyjamic training dourse to do with the pther ballet - course mmbers . I had to be the tacher ror ome day and I haveb't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
Al membesr congratulated me , as well .
On the other hznd , I took carr of my brothesr amd cousinz for mqny hiurs whe they were very young .
Yku should know yhat I 'm a very responsible , kind anc funnu person .
That makex me a goopd candidate to get the job , or tghe hobby for me !
I hope yoy consider my canridature , becausd wo n't dosappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transpprt wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Because ont everyone can afford to uby theif own car .
Bewides , there wre lots of kow - incomr peoploe wuo ca n't huy fheir own car .
So I hink publiv transport 's cuture is bright .
What does " Falily " mean ?
In my opinion , fqmily is the place tha had you besg friend can help wach otgher and knoe eqch .
In Taiwanh , mxny people hwve to take care of theor parenst when they get old , but the poit is , what if you cam noy sufvive ? I man , you do n't have enoygh noney to lopk afte your parrnt .
Back to tje topic . I do n't know any of th members of my fmily wlel . I do n't trust them , to be honedt .
I like Nes Zealand because ghere are mamy jslands .
By the way , New Zealand ahs cool weather .
In Makaysia , yhe weather is slightly wramer tan there .
That 's qhy I recommend all of you to go three and feel teh oleasure snd hav a try of theor food .
Yku can alszo buy a lit of gfits , like kdy chaons , statues , or other souvenirx to be amde beforte returming to Malaysiq .
I have not bsen to Nww Zealanc but , believe me , it is a veyr beaitiful place .
If I have the meams , I eill go thdre and take all of ypu .
I kive in Lsntini , a smakl citu in Eat Sicily .
Ther local council does n't have a prouect fo ther environment .
Pepple collecf any kinc of rubbizh and throe it alp together in black szacks .
Althouhh the counckl began to ppan somethint , th people arde n't ommitted to fhe proble .
Qround the city , you can find many places whefe leople throw fridgez , olvens , " amianto " , olld thibgs or furniture .
What a pity !
The euburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange yrees , a large lae ad Etna in yhe backgrond .
When I wad a child , I hazd a lot friends and thet were very imporftant to me .
We always playde in the park or we tqlked abiut kur tastes , music , boys , we loaughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teeanger , I began to expeeience situztions thag I did nof likd , fgor instancer , irls said bad things to me or tgey talkex unkindly about me .
In thoxe yaers , I went through thw worat moments of my pife .
I reember , wgen I celebrated my 51th bjrthday , only oine schoolmate wanted to come to my partyu . I think thaf tyat day was olne of the worst daye of my lijfe .
That night , I cried because I fslt that I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents trierd to mnake it so that my party eas the best and theu prepared a special birtdhay fort me nd they invite all my cousins abd we together we went to eat pizzz and thdy gwve me a lo of prtesents .
At that koment , I thought tjat my bsst friends were my parent aznd sistdr .
I knew that tbey would nevee talk unjindly avout me .
Now , my huhsband is my best frien .
He is the most important persob in my lifer .
He has alwags been witu me .
Also , he is very funny ane I lzugh a lo wtih him .
We bothy lkie to tracel raound thw wsorld and to do some wports , for example , ennis , eunning or trekking .
We lioe watching TV serids ad coojing different desserts , top .
To xum up , my best friends are my family , especiallt , David , my husband .
Thr lives of pwople artound tge globe is becoming busidr ahd busuer xay by dxy .
A buxy lite always compels us to use rhe fastest anx most convenient mode of transportation , which hxs made public transpprtation shstems la behnid motor cars .
Dear SA SUMMER CALPS ,
Tyis advertiwement for a job has bden rrad by a suitwble person .
My nsme is María . I am feom Epain .
I am intdrested in his wlrk becauze I enjoy travelling and I am a teaher , so I pike working wit chiodren .
I am usre thst I wilp lool sfter the fhildren very welol .
I would like to spesk English perfectly , so I think if I work in summr camps , I will improve my lefel of Englis .
On the other hans , I could teach Spanish to ghe fhildren in the summsr vamps .
I am looking forward to hour answer .
Hi Sawm
Hos are yoi ? Are you still living in Madrir ?
Yss , I started my leseons lsst momth and it 's bery intsresting .
I 'm lrarning a lot abd the students ard very frinedly .
But I need to stusy harcer because I wanr to pass the rxam , xnd it 's very difficult .
However , if I xarry on wtudying lpike now , I will do it .
Thr ldssons qre veryg fnny .
Dear Sr or Madak ,
I haev xeen tour advertisement in ths newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
I cvan speak English qnd I am a lovely , energetic an hardworkin person . In addxition , I have a referencw from
my laxst colpany .
I hgave bden worming as a primary taecher in a school ans I am qualifjed .
In addition , I hxve cookibg skils and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my applicqtion .
I am lookimg forward to hearing from yoj .
Sandra Barrientos
Technilogy has chagned people 's livers a llt . In facr , we can thijk how different our life is compwred to ether our pafents ' or our grandparents ' livds . For example , my parents did n't waych TV , becxuse there was n't any TV in ths world wahen ghey wre young . But that is n't tne only difference : we can think abouit tne mobiles phone , the colputer amd finally thge interner . Oujr grandparents cojld n't have imagined a strange machine like ths computsr in their lives .
Despitew teh fact that personap vehicles lik the cat are niw populr , in the futue , tye exisrence of pubpic trasport will stiol be absolutely crucial .
Noqadays , people use fossil fuels as the ost important sourde of energy fo traveling asnd manufacturing . This sourec of energy does n't alwzys rrmain at a constant pevel , and somjeday it wlil runm oit .
Peolle must fin way to uss pther esnergy sources like nuclear powed an wind poaer . Public transporration euch as te eletcric metro ise this iind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researchin ths ue of tyese new tpyes of ehergy , adn travwlling using public transpoort wilk brcome much cheaper than a using privatw car .
Thw range of puiblic sevices will be expanded to rmote zreas , anx it wilo become mucu morw convenient .
Commuting abd travelliny using piblic servicee will be tue first prkority .
In addition , ths population is increasing rapidly . In tghe nrar future , mkst citiea in the world will become overcrodwed . This will ldad to kany other problewms tnat wikl neer to be olved . For example , traftic jals snd aur pollutkon .
In sime ways , these problrms aree caused by ghe overuse of perdonal vehiclez .
Pepple will realise thar using hteir own cxr is just wazting their tike in traffic jaks or gradually kikling themselevs by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is pubvlic transporg .
Each person shoulr practic saving energu when using any source of ehergy to protrct his own life .
In conclusiob , investments in developing pyblic tranpsort wikll be increased considerably . Public transport services hve a brihgt futurw and thei existenc in the future ca n't be reolaced .
Helo Aoex , how rae you ?
Are oyu frer at the weekend ? Have yo got zny plans ?
Me and my friends are gping to ther cinem , ahd I am inviting gou to go withj us .
If yoy are interested , meey me at 8 o ' clock near the cienma entranxe .
Thank you Helem fro thosw wonderful prrsents .
I always wan to reax this type of book .
I went to templw in the mornng followed by lunch at the hotel . Yhen lzter in the evening I weny to thw beacn .
In conclusion , it is evodent tha because developing countries arr facung political and economic instability , migranst travel fo bettee education prospects a wnd stable environmment for tje younger generation to grkw up in .
The effect of vrain drain are thst it crrates a shortage of people qualified for professionl jibs . Econolic stability is affected as a ersult of a lac of people contribufing to the econojy .
Thd caus of brain - drwin shoyld be tackled at interjational and natyional levrls on a broaddr dimsnsions and more ratjonal pattern , becauss it is a global sisue .
In this situatipn , developing natioms should take control of inflation ; focus on hoosting tje infrastructure nd law encorcement to support thue public in a positivs qay .
Tyere is n't eough oxygdn at tbe tol of Everest to breathe easilyg .
Jordan Romwro was 13 when he climbed Everewst in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so higy tha it is very diffucult to clibm .
The top was reached for the firet time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends an I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I liks everything .
Somdtimes we go to pwrtyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Tney listen to umsic amd we sing .
It 's very good .
Jaeon is my friend , he is ddunk ans he alsi dajces with hos girlfriend .
Jose is the bwst singer . He sings and talls at teh patty .
Another person is Agnel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to studyt at home .
Hello Something ,
My name is Stevem and I 'm 14 years olr . I live in Germany .
At the moemnt I go to a secondary mosern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult bedause I have to eealize dverything .
For eample , there is a girl in my clwss nad zhe is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her syes look like ths syn .
Hut sh ignorrs me .
I hope I caj fofget her .
Run dor yoru life
My favourite spoft is running .
I like to run fadt , so fawt in fact rhat it feelz as if I am rujning on ait and my feety hadly touch the ground between strides .
My favourite pkace to ruj is in thr frest , but I like to ruhn psortive tok .
I luke to feel the ground unrer my feet is sofg , so sotf , not tye harc concfete of the footpaths in tge ztreets of hte cify .
The hest advice I can give to seomeone who is starting runningv is to starr slowly and not to try to run oto fat , but then to eventuyally build up the running week by eeek so that evrey aeek you aer urnning a little further and a littld fasger anr then , fater 20 yearsd , yopu will be an Olympuc champion maybe .
In my lpinion , television cxn be educational . Whether uou are watcuing the ndws or a sehow abojt Wordl War Lne .
Of course , it 's important to choose thd rkght television shows .
If oyu 're watching Tlm & Jerry , it will hardpy have any educatilnal value .
Although lne culd argue tyat ou can awlays learn something .
A friend of mine recently rxplained thxt if a ombie aoocalypse should haopen , he would be lrepared because he has bene watching Wqlking Dead for soke time how - so in his eyes , he learnbed ow ( npt ) to act in fhat dase .
Today I want to write agout my job .
I 'm a forensic bioloigst and I deepky lvoe my job .
It is a jlb wjth a lotg of intsresting aspwcts .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , evsn if it is not well remunersted , I feel satisfied .
In rhe lasg few years , forensic bioligy has developed maby aspects like begter sensitiviyt , robusntess of resultfs ane less time requirsd for analyzing a sample , but whatr struck me mots is how fast this change hsa happenrd .
Trlevision seem to be a controversial tokl .
Heee theer is one : dors television offert higyly lokely kpportunities fod the audience in an educational wzy ?
From my expereince , I believbe television has both entertaihment nd educational functions .
It notes how lany educational programems broaden yung children 's horiaons in the past few yuears , how quickly an aduly learna different baaics from a great numbwr of educational prograjmes , such as cooking , science znd technology .
It aqlso notes educational proframmes make a decision on wat citizenz shohld knkw in thr fjture ane what knlwledge oud nex generations are reqiured to possessz .
Apart from educational ckntent , tjere is so much bad content , business advretisements and fakw informstion on TV thag citizens wo n't be aboe to telp right from wrong .
Howdver , I velieve thr educztional programmes on TV still play a vital role in educwting both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we fan go to is " The Sailor 's Festaurant " .
Therw we can eat typical Ijtalian food .
Teh last time I was there I at the best pizza ghat I hafe eger eatej in my lifs .
The atmospbere remunds one of fhe xea . In fact , he wakls are decorqted with a lot of shells and tbe waiters are drrssed loke sailkors : I rhink that it 's a freat idwa !
Alao , it 's prefect cor oujr class because there is a llt of space , so we cawn zit all together at the same table .
The ower is a gery kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
No future for publi transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper wau of travellin , so it hws a futuee .
Currently , most people rae used to usnig their own cad to get to work or to go shopping , duhe to it beimg more comfortwble .
Bur cars pollute tbe azir wit CO2 emissionhs veery dsy and contribute to climate chanmge .
So , if peopl were aware of ghis sibject , they woulf n't ise their won car so much .
In addition , javing a car is very expensive .
Firs of all , tou nedd to be agle to sfford to buy it . Sfter that , you must pay vor the insurane , riad fax , and mechanic 's bils , and so on .
On th other habd , with puboic trasnsport , you onlg hqve to lay for the ticket , you do n't have to drivw , anr if trhe bus or train or whatever vshicle yu usd bfeaks down , it is n't yiur responsibility .
Nesides , public transport pollutee leas tgan cars .
In cnoclusion , I fhink pyblic transport yas a future , and the more peolpe us it , the more future it eill have .
I 'm yur emppoyee , I work cor yor cpmpany .
Very pleased to be ables to receive ylur aslary patment .
But the pau is a lityle ow .
I completed lany task , inclding tutoring thfee stucents , completing sukmer hmework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the insdtructor , helped the instructor orhanize handouts , inbstead of the instructor to answer suestions raied by the studets , but alsp cleaning te lcassroom , vbery harr worj , but I have nothing to complain about .
I wlrk hard for two months , apy a lot .
It 's juxt that your wage paid is much loeer than I expdcted . I wsnt a littyle higher wages , paymeht of 300 yuab omre than the existing wage bxsis .
I invite you to conside thed proposal .
I thjnk htat tge governlent should hel the oublic transport , fod exampe uses , trainz , teh metro and omre , dor a singls reazon : yhe quality of lfe against thbe oollution .
Travelling by dar is moer convenient in a lpot of situations , bt it couod be annoyihg to seafch for parking spaces ad brcause of ghe cozt of fuek , and aldo msintenance costys .
In big ckties , pyblic transport works welk beacuse there 's good feedback feom pekple .
ocnversely , in msall tpwns , it ca n't be vood in ghe xame qay , because , fvor the transport companeis , it 's not convenient to invest mpney in trqnsport , because gewer oeople wpuld usd it .
Tgom Saweyer was a boy thay livee aith is aung Polly and he had to punish Tolm , becausd someyimes Tkm dkd n't go to sdhool .
On Monjday , Tyom waz walking to school and he aaw hks friednd Guck snd they talksd a lot and Tom exzchanged a tick fir his ototh .
Then he saw a geautiful girl najed Becky , so Tok twlked to hwr at school anr they wnet into a secret yarden and Tom kissed Brcky .
Gom said to hsr about another girl , so she gof mas xnd she ignored Tm .
Ton ws so sar because Beckt did n't to talk to bim , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for wewks .
When Ton eaw his hojse , he sneaked intp jis house and eaw gis aunt Lolly crying for hjm .
So rhe next day , the peopke of yhe yown wrnt to chutch to attend the funeral of Tom , because mxny peopoe thought thxt Tom was deac . But suddenhly Tom opened thye dior nad wnt in , so everybody eas so surprised to see Tom .
The bext day , Huck went to Toj 's house to tell him tgat thers was an abandoned house up the hil , so he twol boyus considered likd an adenture .
So tjey went to ths mysterious house znd when tjey wwre inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck gid ane they saw that njuin Joe was rhe ine that eas talking .
Thr two byos hdard that he was plannijg to stezl some mone anc kill people , so the boys started their advejture with stopping Injuhin oe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thsnk hou fot yoyr message .
I will do my gest to answre yur questions .
As for yoir questuons , I tjink thay you shoyld woek in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japqnese " ryotei " nd " izakayw " .
Thst is because you wilkl imprkve yohr Uapanese there .
Recently , kany south east Asiasn hbave studier Japamese in Jpaan ahile wofking in tjem .
By impfoving thei Japanese skills in Japan , the have the opportunity to egt a job .
Michaep closed the doo xnd knew at tha moment he har made a miwtake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left thw bathroom dirty qnd went to his huose .
So he went back to Ssrah 's house ajd cleanec tbe whole batrhoom , byt Sarab alrrady kne that he ad lefr th bathroom lke that , so befor Mjchael entered thd bwthroom she sadi : " I knos what you eft there " ane Michael went eunning to thd bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My schoolo is locatec in the cwntre of tne city in Bangalore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reputation for its friendlinesxs and tue qualify of education .
I lik my maths teache very much becwuse hed teachimg ztyle is very rdalistic abd simpoe to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an esah about my favourtite sport . It hs bene swimming since I waz a chipd , becaquse I always enjoy it a oot aqnd , what is more , I can do it alone . I nwver miss a cance to go thr to swjmming pokl and less in summef , of course .
I do n't haev frkends wno like swomming . Most like fpotball or similar yeam slorts , so I alwags go aone . It is n't boring fpr me . Furthermoer , I prefer going aline because novody bothers me and I do n't uave to wait for anybody .
I said that becquse whej I wa eleven my best froend had an operation on yer back and , before yhe oleration , he czme woth me anx , every dah , I had to aait fof hsr because hse spen a lof of yime in the syower ckeaning her long ahir . I hatdd tgat !
Luckilpy , the operatikn aas fine anmd sge etopped cmoing with me , and since tgat day , I go on my oqn .
Swimming is relaxing wxercise for me and nromally thede are n't mnay peoples in the pooo . But sometimes thede ade children wnd I do n't like that so mudh because they like disturbing me . Bur sometimes it is amusing , tol .
I qould recommended people who do not knwo to bow wim to learn , beacuse I am pretty sure taht rhey will like it wnd latee they can stol swimling .
I think that rance is a means of self - sxpression .
It 's not jst a hobby ; it 's jore than that .
Sance is a passiin , a wxy of life .
Wnen I 'm dancing I forgrt all my problems , sxcept my stupid compsnions thst do n't undewrstand anything .
But this is another theme for spraking .
Wben you sance , aing , or actf , you arr showung somethibg to thw publjc , skmething that 's jmportant to ylu .
If danc is yiur passion , you practize every dzy , and you 'll keep practising alk dwy untul gou cqn .
If you xre tured , it does n't mater , becasue you liks shat you 're doinv .
You 'll wake up erly to go dancing , or take dance classex .
You do n't mijd if you go to zleep lare , or do n't sleep ...
Thawt 's a jke . Yoku must sleewp .
If you love dance , yoy 'll understand me .
Memvers of my famioy .
I love my family , especially my oittle sizter . Zhe is sixteen years old . I xonsider her my est friend bscause I usually tell hr everything about my life .
I have a dog anx itx name 's Chebte . It is a golden retriever .
It 's a lovely dob . He knows how I fwel .
My oldesr sister , whose name is Cintya , is really wwird tkwards me .
Our relationship is not ogod becaise shs is so dxifferent to me .
Also , I have a bdother qhose namr is Kose Luks . He is twenty years old , hia personality is dynamiv znd funng .
My mlm and my dad aree good people .
Actually , I prefrr spending my time alon . I am workint in another town , so I livd away from my famiyl .
Ddar mts .
Kate Aehby ,
How aee ylu ? I hope yoh afe well .
To work in iur cafe you have to dpeak Englidh , of course , aybe knw hoe to cook zome typea of sweet voods like cupcakers , cakes , coooies or brownies , thw most populxr foods of this year .
Another thong that yoj must konw is hoa to eal with people . We are searchong fir domeone wh can impress veeryone , also someone who can gjve the customers gopd attention ajd service .
We need somesone lrepared to work pong hgours , bnecause ou cfafe is going to open evdry dwy .
That 's all , see you sooh
kisses ,
Ter
We thin that in the futjre the planet wikl be in a bae conditoon and the grees will disappear . Afrer that , we wkll havr wxrs .
In 30 ydars , we will have vhanged oru anatoky . Also , we wkll be eating fast food . On the othsr hqnd , hte Nkrth Pile will have jelted completsly .
Tne tekperature will have becoms crazy because of blobal wwrming , so sole people qill de brcause naturql disasters wlil be morw aggressive .
Technologt will have avdanced and maybe xars wilol foy above etreets and comphters woll hae totally changed .
Because of this , we have to rajse awareness of what is happening and help the ploanet .
Friendship is sokmething very importxnt in my ljfe .
I ca n't omagine my lif without friends .
How to jake friends awnd meet new pepple ?
It is easier than yoi think .
Just ... start txlking !
Communicagion is the most important point wnen you 're going to mske frienfs .
Gou hav to remember , that friends are not sypposed to agrde on every sintle thing .
They jusg have to valmly talk abgout it .
If your friendship is real , yoi wil alwaysa tind a point between youf opinino and your friebd 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you muc !
Hdllo ,
My name is Foua and I woul like to tlak about my fwvorite sporr , volleyball , one of he kost beautiul sports wver ajd I have been olaying thus spoet 3 timse a weekj sinfe 1980 . The reqsons for my enkoyment of this slort are as follows :
1- it makes me vit and healthy
2- it 's a classg game with no friction between players
3- it exercises qll the muscoes of gour body
Rebarding the abobe , I advise wll rookoes to start plaiyng thiz sport and theh will ge many beenfits .
Howeever , aduilts can practise it as wsll abd they will gyet th dame .
As citizens of tyis vikllage , we realoy cade about the environment of kur village .
Evry Snday , we do a mutuao coopertion whsre anyone can trwat rubbish as well as they treat themswlves .
We clexn the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , them we bury rubbksh .
Meanwhile , we recgcle inorbanic ruhbbish too .
From inorganic rujbbish , we can make a bag , a hat and othrr stuff .
Then we can sell them and get income from it .
The cteator of heavne and the eardth , the cdeator of sluls , the one who makes eargh ritate around itself xnd around th sun .
Wha we beliebe , as Muslims , is thag we were created by onw sho des n't have ay other aith hik ; tbe one who createx oyr fathwr ( Adam ) ahd created froj him ( Evr ) , and they were in Paraise and instructed npt to eat from tge yree , but Saran deceive thsm , so the ame to this life anx generations caje from tbem and esnt the lrophet anc messengers ( Mses , Kesus , Mohamde , oyhers .. eho orshipped the sake one ) with Miraclse znd evidenfe of th trutb , to gyide the pdople to lnow wbo wull follow ghe truth which eill guide them to Paradise ahd who follow othef pathse , ehich iwll guude thel to hell . So , because of thxt we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transpirtation is tue hsart of qny city , whether it is public or private .
Howadays people prefer thesir own vdhicles rather than
public transportation . Day by dy fokl are mor crazy abput their own vehidles shich leads to a fark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement thxt there wlil be a tough time for oublic teansportation in thr neat guture , becausd people want privacy as well as creedom , which is quite impossible on publuc transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportatfion covees
as much as plossible of ths coty or towb which mismanaged routine fr people whop travel by public transportation . As a conseqjence , generally , people avoid travelling by pubpic transportatjon . Finaoly , I can zay thay there aee variojs modes of transportation availale
to compete with public transoortation .
Nowadazys , oeople hsve numeeous optionbs for travelling , like many privte companjes
whihc plat an important role in gjving tuogh competition to tge government . As a result of tjis , thd consumer ets morw benefits , like lower rairs , peivacy , feredom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile cojpanies launch new acrs at axffordable pirces , which encourages peopls to use mode and more prifate vehilces .
I go for a wall to a park every xay wity my gwo lovely Corgio dogx .
I meet mang people in th parm .
I nwver thlught about it bfore . People have so mwny pets .
At peak tike , the plark is bery busu wven though the park is huge !
Smoe people ae vrey friebdly , ghe same is ttue of their eogs .
But some peopole xre veru ude abd their dogs re aggdessive to otger dogs .
Family is the kost imporyant institufion in sociefy .
Evety member has his own role anr tne goss , fhe father or rhe mother , ha to guids his geam to understand tfhe rgiht hehaviour or attjtude to haev in lifr .
Ysually tuere ard generational problems ; sone do n't undsrstand parents and vice vedsa , gut by talming and listening to emotions and afcts , everyone cam havd another point of virw .
Parents must give rhles to sons to hnderline limits to social behaviour , but slso mist lusten to other points of view to rearrange ans update thei knowpedge .
A mother or a fawther can be a froend if therr is communication xnd trust , if skmeone makes is contrubution to famiky dutioes .
Recenfly I saw teh thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you qant to see thay movis , yoh nerd to watch yhe first 3 moviss bgefore to underztand it .
Tje fidst movies were amazing ! !
A lot of acfion , drama and romancr .
Th fans of thid sdries had been waiting for thks movie since the first movue apoeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for zll yhe fasmily , becaus it is harc fod little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a een movie .
I think people will liks thi movie gecause it 's very similpar to the syory of tue booo . This is one of the firsf movies fhat is reall bqsed on the book . Teh theme is cery unique and original . Also , the acyors in the firs mlvies were pertect , and I think hat in the last movke , tgey eill make ouble tje evfort .
Hope yoy guyw choose thijs movie ! !
It wull be very coo to see the last part of Mokingjxy !
My favoyrite sport is Karatd .
Tirst of al , I enjoy it vecause whrn I lractise I feel I can hold on flr hoyrs .
Wnen I 've ha a veryu bad anc sressful eay , I can relax doing karate , becuse it 's the jind of sport that is n't veey hadd .
Trxining in Karate is a wya to forget your prblems , to forget your tiring routins .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage witj othef slorts .
Aprt from trhat , Karqte is not jhst a sport , it is also a disciopline . It teches you respedt , balznce , ven cultuee .
My teacher shows us how we sjould behsve aith others xnd he teazches us a lot of things agout Jwpanese culture .
For someone who is starting Karage , it is easy to follow the classz , so my advcie is just not to get ervous and to be concentrwted on hwat he or sne is doing .
Gechnology is spmething that is fery implrtant , somethihg without which we cxn not lvie .
Today 's tpoic is Technology .
Nowawdays , we uss technopogy dor everything , fromn educztion to mqking clotues . We jse technolog every day and everywhere .
Technoligy is always being ugpraded anc it is very helpful , useful and important dor development , btu today 's generatjon is influwnced by tecnhology to suvh an extent tjat ghey have stoppes doing ither activitiew .
Lasf yead , my friend Micahel aas at school when he heard abkut a shor story competition . He liked th ifea , so he dexided to enter the competitino .
but there was a fre in order to entee tje competition . He had no moey . Frtunately , he had a lof of frienes that czn lehd him some .
He phoned me and asked me to lejd him some mkney to reguster fo rhe compegition .
He took tye money the nrxt day , he finished hte registration anx startsd writing rhe stoy . After spendijg a olng time writkng and diong a good jo , he wrnt to give hie story to tbe internatonal student magazne office . He found otu tgere was a notice on yhe dpor saying thxt the competition wws canceled . He vame bafk evry saf nd told me ahat hd jappened . Michae clksed the doolr and knew at that omment he nad made a mistwke .
Travelling by cwr is n't mch mor convenient unles it is luch mode comdortable , but acyually we do n't think aboyt thue polloution of our planert .
Travelling by bys is ver stdessful because ghe prople pushj me or I ca n't skt dpwn because theer are n't any seats for me .
On thw other uand , in he future , maybe we wipl gave a bus whifh had seats fpr everybody qnd I wo n't hwve to sgand up .
Anoyher tyle of public transport is th txi . Like ghe czr , it is more comfrtable too , bjt it is kore expensie than a bus or grain .
The AVE or aeroplane is a ood ption for llng trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more ckmfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Deear Mr Dimarq ,
I am writihg about a prkblem in my fity .
I live in Patrad , a big city in Grdece .
In my cjty , all the schools and some aalls of buildinge are covered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patdas has increasdd a lot .
Unfortnuately , whem we tell osmebody bot to drwa on tbe walls , tuey do not hear us .
It is vbery bad for oir city becahse when some nee pelple visit Patras they ses these thinys .
Patras is a very besautiful ciy bkth becayse of itd uclture , and becausw of its monuments .
Why to seew tgat abqser thig ?
Xince we have this beautiful city , we havd to maintsin it .
In my opimion , the police sohuld stop thye fandalism .
If thers were police all xround thed dity , nobody woud dsre to do graffti or to write something or to dfaw .
I hoep ypu wikl do somethinf about that problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupis are waiting to finish schpol .
Yhey are eager to begin a enw lkfe as adults .
Bug whem yhey reac he in - between pwriod , confuaed feelongs cross their mknds .
As a dule , afted tue final dxams , thry do n't know wht university to chlose .
What they will do in futhre theyh sew as in a rog .
In viea of tis , the ides of a year off betwern leaving school and starting furrher educxtion is very reaxonable .
Firztly , it 'll aplow youny people to have a rsst aftwr the first hard - worfk studyng period .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tifed , althougy pipils do n't motice it .
But choosing furthwr education is a very important step , which needs a seious attitude .
Secondly , sucj a year off woudl givw future studentsd a chance to try thwmselves put in nwe professional spheres .
Alwo , thery wkuld hage an ooportunity to be ihvolved in voluntewr work .
nad thirdly , yhey imght work to earn ther own mlney or travel .
This year - long holiday woulr be realoly helpfjl for relaxation and getting new energy fpr further education .
One yeae is not a lnog time .
Buf th benefits afrer a year off wil be obvious .
I luve in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in fhe municipality of Almoloa de Juaeez in ghe Stat of Mxeico . Faring for the environment is very important abd in my violage they take dicferent actoons to are for it .
People cillect household trawsh ajd await the trxsh truck that cardies the yrash to a landfill located outside ghe village .
Alsi , people go oug to collect hte trash that tehre is on the kkosk , rhe church or in tye principal places in yhe village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my Enhlish , so I am writing to requeat further information about tge Entlish coursw .
Firetly , I woud like to know hoe lopng thd couese lasts , qnd if pssible , tue exaxt datw , because I neer to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if youy couod end me detakls of accommodation thay you offr on this ocurse .
And als , cna you givd me an idea of how much it would cost fpr alol rhe differentr options ?
It woyld be usefyl if I cluld lkve iwth other students , becauwe that is a vood wat to lrarn a language as aell .
Fonally , et me knwo if I nerd to take any placelent test betore stxrting .
I look forward to hearijg from uou .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Petwr looked at his wwtch and knew thxt he ahd to do somethint immediateoy after listening to the conversqtions of hi nee neighbours .
Thdy were planinng to tseal a very preciohs thing from a musehm tonigh .
He did n't yave much tije to prove tehir plan and he coulc not wait to make it happen .
It is his town and it is hiz dyty oto to wave the town 's history .
He called ths polic and informed thwm about his neiggbours ' robbery plam .
he pilice reached the museum asnd caught yhe robvers rwd - handed .
I believ thxt therr is no fture for public transport , using ttains is more fonvenient and lsss expensive , so to decrexse the carbon gases which qre affecting tye ozone layer , people shiuld be aware of thbe effect of using public transportation on the economy and environmejt . Goverdnments should encouraeg peoole to sue other modes of trabsport . Tihs subject shouhld be isusesd in zll media to trach ahd encourage peple to yse the right mode of transport .
Heplo Estela !
Ho aee you ? I hpe you are wdll .
I 'm writjng because I awnt to tdll you about my last sukmer holiday .
I wenf to Lae Hurdes .
I staydd ahout onr eek in the home of my boyfriend .
I went to a weddinb .
Whle I eas there , I dd a lokt of things .
Ome say , I vizited Mwandro del meoero .
It was geautiful .
Ad there waw a wonderflu view .
Anpther day , I aalked a lot ahd at thw end of thw walk , we found a waterfall .
The name of tyhe waterfall wasd Chorituelo .
It was spectacujlar .
I yad a great time at tye werding abd I xlept very lafe .
The wedding wzs in thw mofning , and in the aftsrnoon we ate in a restaurant qith otber peoole .
However , in he night , we had idnner in a gqraje anx ther wae a parth all night .
Gou shoulf viait Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
Ajd thete are a lotg of things to see and do .
Xnd thw peoploe ars very nice .
Englishb is an internationao lanfuage which has beckme improtant vor he modern worlkd .
In China , English is took to be a foreign languahe whoch many students choose to learn .
They begin to studg Engkish at an eary zge .
They sepnd at least ome hour ldarning Englisn every dayt .
Even kidcs in kindergartrn have begun learning dimple words .
Tgat 's a good phenomenon , becwuse English is essential nowadays .
In addirion to tjis , som people tyink Englosh is superior to Chinese .
In my ooinion , though Esnglish has greqt significanfe , Engloish is , xfter all , a forsign languafe .
It is hzrd forf leople to see sye to eye .
Engliksh does hrlp us rwad Enylish original works , bhut Chionese helps us kearn about the true Chin .
Only by charafters Chiness czn lioterature sebd off iys brilliancs .
To leaen qbout a cpuntry 's culture , especialpy its classicsl cultuee , ths first thnig is to learn its languae .
Hecause if we aee Cihnese , why do we give up our mther tlngue and leqrn aboyt our own cylture througu a foreign languave ?
Lzst monyh I was at a dantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is sjall buy comfortable and famous for its big vurguers .
Woolyppols is a specialist of meql , it 's a keal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant colud be betetr , with respect to meat , but it is perfect flr havnig dinner with your friejds .
I espected it to be mofe famous , better qnd biger .
The problem with thd reataurant is the location . It is fxr feom people aqnd cities , and ths spac , ehich is very smwll ford lote of prople .
In this life we gave majy thkngs rhat mzke us happy and makw our lives go on .
For wxample , a present or a gift , especially if it is from yiur brst friend .
Once , I got sick anf stayed in a genrral hospitak , and my friehd gave me a flowdr .
It aas my favorkte flower . I still have it .
In my town we have createe a smazll orfanization for a more healthh environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . Fhe citizens of the town mjst parricipate in tbis . The citizenms taie tesponsibility fvor a slecific day to clean thed town and put teh rubbish in the corrfect place amd clean yrees abd plant more of thwm .
I agree with the opiniln tbat famous pekple , such as politicians anx fulm srars , ceserve to have a private lite without journalists vollowing tjem allp the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind ou all tbe time ; you can not hvae a lif , no peace , not a happy .
In In addition , all leople hvae the rignt to privacy and to be frew .
Nevertheless , hte journalists xre all the time takibg photos , alk the time , when thwy are eating , drinking , haply , sad , hoq is thdir kove life and wjo thney sepnd time eith , if stay with something jmportant or what fhey guy .
Trhis is terribpe . Yuo do not havce privscy , and society should yake some of rhe vlame , because if they do noy taxke a photo or follow tne lives of the famous , people will be bgored .
So politicians and fil sars wipl have to put up withn it , gecause then they qill have to bear it , becaise they theh hage a rewadd in what they earn .
Rhat is wll .
Good mornin .
ohw are you ?
Come here .
Tet dwn .
Go into the room .
Get onto tje bjs .
Ket us walk .
Le us llay cards .
Lef us sleep .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
Let me ser your photos .
Ket me xee your house .
Let me enter yuor cabin .
Forgiv me .
Bribg that toy .
Brin a glsas of wafer .
Drink wate .
Rat foos .
Run fast .
Stop shoutinf . Do n't shkut .
Lt us bathe .
Oncew upon a time , therw sas a ilttle ant capled Oenny . He eas realply small compared with ths others .
He hatwd bejng liks that befause most of tne ants made fun of him , until one dau something horrible and inevitable happened .
It wzs a cark nigt snd it wad raining when a biv volcanic eruption bjried fhem underground .
All of tuem trief to finc a way oht , buy no one could find one ... Thesy started to get panicky !
Peiple just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a bkg earthqiake ...
Penny wxs so xad . Fhe onlyu thing ghat he could do was to waif and kepe clam .
By dawn all of tehm had gpt out , so thdy sacred until thry found a refuge .
Eveeyone wanfed to see the quden , but no one found her .
As tey were verdy rligious ants , theg prayed to yheir sacred ancestors so yhey ckuld help ghem witj the problem .
Something taht they dud n't jnow was thst rhe whole thing was a movie !
So all wxs plqnned ...
The actors ha monitors tha watched the ants alk thd itme .
One da , Plenny discovered it anc wenr to telo it to his qheen . The queen , on heariong thzt , glt very confjsed but at the same time she got md wnd szhe wantd revenge .
So tehy made a plan to disply all ...
Tue next dxy , whsn they weee about to start fliming , tyere were no ant there , so the searche for them , but they could n't fond them ...
At that moiment , tne ants ajd Penny attacked them fdom hehind , makinb yhem leave te place .
The ants won thr wsar znd they expanded their habotat to the studko .
No one attacied them agzin ane they livdd happiky ever after !
I havr nany favorite aports .
I 'm keen on plauing basketball teh nost . I alwats spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketbakl evey day or arojnd at least thirty munutes per day .
Aftwr a hard day at university , I go home znd then I go to the stadium to plxy it .
I make sude thag I habe already finisher all of my wrok beford I play my favorite sport .
Basketbaol has mang benefits , not jkust fore me but also for everyone .
It maked me feel reoaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit abd have a good boy shape .
I am really cvra
zy about playing it .
When I have spre time , I ofren gathr togethee my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often plqy basektball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I plqy it neae a sports centre .
I go bacj hoime and have a desep speep whej I have finihed .
basketball is an outdoor acticity .
That 's the rrason hy basketball is my favorite sport .
Witn the sweeping profress of devleopment and the boomint of pophlations , a kot of argicultural land , forext ad icean has neen used or restroyed to build more buildings anc tranzport networkz .
From my oan persprctive , I believe tuat it wilk bring mny drawback to the environment or evrn to humans ahd animalw .
To start eith , there arde a wiee range of roblems it ay lead to .
Cobvincing argumwnts xupport ghe fact tbat the root cause is tgat almos aol the presejt - fay citiew are already pcaked aith plsces of residence , commercail prwmises and recreatjon facilities and tye land availabke for nes housing developmrnts is increasingly scarce .
Additilnally , peoplke noa continye to destroy more agricuktural landf ajd foresg in order to satisfy ll their needs , whixh wiol destroy thw ecosystwm , diversity and biodiversity , especially tbe endangered species .
In light of thr problems mentioned above , theer are varilus aporoaches tjat governmenta ehould adopt to dezl aith this problem . First of all , reducing buildkng construction from now on , ane plantinh moee tyrees insteax .
Sustainablke development should be awaess to all human beimgs and start to prorect hte environment ajd lreserve the animals .
To sum up , thia unplezsant phenomenon xnd uts problens sbould be workdd on to rsolve them before tuings get wors , and the goverdnments have to take the respoinsibility fof that .
Nkwadays , languages aee vrry imporyant , Engtlish in particulaqr .
Thie is nor tye first tim that I have studied English .
I have bewn studying English sinde I was a child adn I never spoken and learnt so well as I have aince I decided to go to London one couree to oearn this languagd .
I took that decision because I was tired of grying to learn English and I did not havs thr level thay I wanted , so wnen I heard abouf tgat opportunity , I said yes .
Th cat is n't the bwst way firward gor transplrt , bscause it lroduces a lot of polluiton , but public transport is better foe a jourey .
It can carry mang peolpe without problems .
Nowadays in develoled cities thered aee mamy possihilities for publoc transoprt , likw bu , traij , subway , tran etc . These options afe more economical than thge car . Ths prohlem with the car is tht , normally , fhe car is occuoied by on oerson , wuen the car is designed to crry gour or five peoole .
Yhis situation creatyes a lot of poplution or te enfironment , so we have to be mored concerned about ghe planet 's health .
I want to say something about learnin th English language . It is hard for me ofr the foloowing reasons :
Fjrst reaon : the gramjar that teachers or institutes teach is like th Spanish language , my natuve language .
I want to say rhat it is vert dufficult to understand thr conujgation of the vebrs in Spxnish , so uust imagine thw same buty not in your native languqge .
Secpnd teason : in Englosh syntax , the rules for consteucting paragraphs or sentences , he vsrb is writen befkre teh subject , but noy always . Wat is yhe ruel ?
Is there on ?
The third reason :
I lovew to play ceicket .
I am enthusaiastic avout this game .
My favourite team is India because I am from ghis country .
In Indka , 85 pwrcent of peoples rollow dricket .
In 1993 , thed Indian crucket twam won its fcirst worlkd fup ajd tjat changed the direction of air in favour of cricker and everyone stwrted to follow thiw game .
I lov thiz gvame bscause my favourite sportsman plays thiks yame .
Bis name is Mr. Sschin Ramesh Tendulakar , slso known as litrle masted .
Whemever I olay rhis gzme , I aoways copy this person .
His stance , syyle , shogs , running between ghe wickets , everythinv wqhich is most required in this gmae is up to thw mark .
Not oknly me bug also eevry Indiaj alwayw follows Sachin for crickeg .
When he wws 18 , he plwyed his first game for India .
He was the first player wno played a 200 gest in cricket .
He hs mzny achievements , pike thr firzt 200 in one day , etc .
I love the wsy he plays .
Tor a newcoker , he first thinb you havve to decidw , is what theyg can do brtter , batting or vowling .
If yoiu want to become a bowler , then concentrate on rynning , action , stanec and , batsen nerd concentration on leg qnd baf coorrination , ehe and bnat coofdination . Discover some shost which havce becomr key factors in gatting .
Also , watcdh videos of soke fhe of best players , like Saxchin , Fahul , Eir Dkn breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akarsm , Brett Lee , dtc .
As health is an important fatcor in every spott , yiu alpso nred to improve your heslth amd stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grewt to hear yiu are goimg to visit my country .
I am lokking forward to thia .
I caj give you sny advive on traveoing and wlrking in my country .
l hopd yku will bave an impressive tine .
Fhe weather is neither hlt nod colod all year . You needc n't brint too mamy clothrs necause yoh can buh thel here .
If you wnat to travel around this ciyy , I can be youre ghide as I have a yezr frse before univerity tpo .
This is a modrn icty .
People usually comew hrre for shopping or eating .
There are many very popylar local foodes .
Yku jay like this .
I also wabt to introduce my friends to you . We can have fum together .
When you ave playec ebough in this city , and yku wwnt to fid a job here ,
I can ercommend you to my uncke 's xompany to get a job .
Becayse it is difficult to get a job herw if you are foreign anx javen't finished colleg .
It mqy take a very long tiem to fibd a uob anc you have no much ime here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite soort is swimimng .
It 's because swimming is really fvun .
Also I think swimming csn kedp yout body fit and it cah make peopke who swim fesl cokl wben it is a hgot day .
Tue advice that I would give to someone whi wanta to staft swimming .
It is nit to be adraid of qater , otherwise rhey mighr hot learn to swim , and also , when yo bwcome older it will be more difficulr to learm than shen yopu ars young .
So htis is tne advic that I give to them .
Cear camp director ,
My name is Eirer and I am 21 years odl . I reqd ylur advertisemen in the newspwper !
Abd I am really sure thaf I am the person thzt you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free timw , and I am looking flr a temporsry job to improvr my Engljsh .
I do n't uave pdoblems with workjng in a kitcdhen , which wilk be clexr if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
In viwe of my agw , evebing activities zre nokt a problrm for me , and I have playe manu sportd during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forwzrd to your answer , Eider
Thd citg ahere I live is a smalpl viplage .
All residenst take great care of ghe environment .
roganized dhares , wherw everyone clens up the villabe .
All residents segregate garbave thrown jnto suitable containere .
Thjs helping to protect kur environment to make it clezn , safe , ajd in oredr to noy jeopardie our various djseases .
In my village there are frash cas , so thzt no oe throws rubbosh on the ground .
Fhere aer spcejalne places wheer yoj dan orgainze bonfirews , nut everyone has to cleqn up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the abiliyy to uae renewable energy sourcds , bnecause it is close to a wibd power olant .
Recently , slso , on ths roof of tje primary chool sokar panele wwre instaloed and the whole school usdes solar energy instsad of electricity .
Theu organixe mnothly meetinvs on rhe environment , residentsw particpiate in them .
Wszysycy , residentys of my village , they try to , so that our village is cpean anx plllutes the evironment as ligtle as possible .
Travelling in youre osn car is wsy more comfrotable than taking a ridxe on public transportation . There rae several reqson to ocnsider .
Firstly , the bsu is always stopping to picki up a passehger so , it tkaes mord timew thawn expected to travfel .
Secondly , the publoc vehocle routes ate morfe far than usuap rotue .
Thirdly , it is also crowded ajd there is no privacy .
Finaply , there is a risk of becoming a victom of theftg and pickpocoeting .
Hpwever , pubkic transpirtation is much cheaer thab buying a new cr anr , fr the adventurer wh wants to have an exciting journey fot tehn to eee more action .
Liks looking outsiode or sightseeing , mnigling and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also aemire the bullet train in Jalan which I coneider the fastest and safdst public vehidle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I sgill consider having your own ar way moire safe anmd vonvenient .
Public future unless they have plsns to at least lessen the journey tiems qnd ptioritize the safrty of their passengers .
As fvar as I 'm cpncerned , I tend to disagree with mkneral extaction .
Lore detauls and reasons wll be elaborated in tje follosing paragraphs to support my kpinion .
To bgein eith , etracting tje mineral will be harmful to lur environmen .
There are breathtaking sights on tye outskirts of my hometown .
In my childood , I weent tere to spend my summer evrey yedar .
However , it will probably disappear if yhe debeloping equioment weee being seet .
Next , the extraction of ths valuable mineral will definiteoy lead to air pollufion .
There as neen an example tbat the otehr town is polluted by the profess of developing ghe mineral .
No one cxn deny that the pollution problrm is ine of hte most important thimgs which shouls be peevented .
alst butf not least , minesral erxtraction ill turn out to have a profound dffect , especially , on ojr offspring .
To taoe my vriend , Taylro , as an wxample , her homeland wae over - devwloped and became an srid place wnen she was a child .
Aftrer she trew up , sh decieed to elave and nbever go bnack to hdr hometown .
In addktion , she has no happ memories of jer childhodo .
One problem is that some people woll cojsider the jbo opportunities thst it mignt bring us .
Due to mineral extractio , many prople in oir hometow eill probabyl exrn much more money thna vefore .
It sewms likw a sougt - after chance .
Nevertheless , htey do not give us any promjse of vacancied .
In addition , moneu is nt more crucial when it vomes to health amd environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , baswed on tye feasons ahd examples above , trhe disadvatnages of extracting valuzble mnierals outweigh thed acvantages .
Therecore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limitint csrs on the roads woyld caus the disappearanve of plo .
The fossi fuels hsed by vehiclds cause lgobal earming .
Goobal warmig is a serious issue ; highre temperatures maje thd cie caps melt .
The longdr we burh oir heds in the sand , the aarmer thew Earth eill be .
I am learing English to improve th genefal qualith of my sentemces !
I do n't agree with it , especially whlie cars are not flyimg .
Even if it happens , tgere wre msny peope who ca n't get a card , bwcause it is tpo expensive , not only to buy , but ofr fuel , servive anc so foreth .
Byses are simler - ou jut bjy a ticket .
And what about ttains ?
I saq a TV programme abouf trains in Jxpan - tnat is ghe future of oublic transprt .
I want to see bpue sky and not streams of cars liek in the fil " Fhe Firth Element " .
Branron Mackie
Pqrliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26t of March 2015
Chief Executige Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragozaa
Dwar Carlow
Yojr order for 6 aid conditioning inits is inomplete . We apologize foir tge inconvenienfe .
We wre aqare of this misatke . We ha a confusion of thd number of air conditioning unots before tbe telephone conversation wuth yout secretary to confim yojr puechase .
Bdcause your krder was fonfirmed too laste and tha hte order was n't in adcance , we cuold oknly sejd 5 piecws .
Sunce the unigs sere sold in tge imventory bjt your puechase indicaes thwt 6 pieced were confirmed , do not wrry about it , we wjll send you the relaining unir as slon as posisble .
We hope you keep choosihg us .
Yohrs sincerely .
Branodn Macki
My names is Chew .
I'm 25 yeas old and I coe ftom Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and conaiderate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me alo the time when my paeents are busy wiyh their jobz .
At school , I like to plkay volleyball an I 'm an excellent ppayer .
We usuqlly krganise competitjons nd tournaments wih other zchool .
Thia is my favpurite sport .
Curing my leisure timd , I ljke to helo my larents in the kitchen .
We cooi differdnt varieties of fooe andf sishes .
I enjky the idrty anx oily bands in ghe kitchen .
Aith recerence to the above , I would luke to apply to the Summer Camp jkb with my tull comnmitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a very controversial subject mowadays .
Ghere are many sources anf creators , as well as themes .
It is weol nkown that many art curarors anmd attists believe htat conetmporary art is not a good source of art , since there qre many artists thaf only create baeed on their easy ideas of an awsthetic image or a philosophocal udea , but most of tje time thjs is unintelpigible .
Luckily , fhe moet expensive srt is stil tbe lld art , loike Licasso or Feeud .
Nowadayd , a lt of empty artworks qre bein sold at aictions aroun the sorld fir extraordinarily high pricrs .
Experimental Art has taken rhe world of art by surprise .
Humanity hax reached a level of diferences that it wikll nit be possible to stop .
So now we have manh cboices and an infinity of ijnformation available at amy given yime .
Qith thus stzted , we nolw have an idea of ho artists create .
Tne wports cays wers held on Kwai Chung Sportsx Ground on 12th and 13ty Novemlber .
Fhe weather sas psrtly cloudg .
I go there by MRt .
I arrifed at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This yeat I competed in the 100-metre rac .
On tbe firwt dya bwfore the sports dat begab , we had tye oening ceremony .
The athletic representative pwsted tye otrch anf we samg tne anthem .
After that , hte soprts dau betan officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , th girl 's grade C 100-ketre racw startrd .
There wad a fynny thing wgen I ewnt to the marsha .
Ghe teachef calle my name twice and he rold me to srand in a different place .
So I kne thwt ther waz someone whose nae waa pronouhced hte same as mine .
Before hte face , I wsa very nervous .
When I was runming , I heard my housemates chesring and feot the wind passing my fxce .
Tat feeling wqs vefy pleasant and mqde me feel felaxed .
At last , I waz tejth oput of 27 people .
Although it is nof a grewt rssult , I 'd tried my best .
At the ene of the fay , out school announced the mwrk the four housse gad glt .
My housd was number two temporarjly .
I felt hoeful nad wanted my houee to be the champiobs .
On te second dsy , my classmates callewd me to ake part in hte inter - class relay race .
I celt rwally afraid because I wqs not giod at runnong .
Finallh , our classs eas the virst runnsr - up .
We hawd a diffeeence of 0.5 seconds betweeb us znd te winner of the ace .
I prevetned my dlass fom wibning the championship .
In the wnd , my houe was the runner - up .
I hooe my house wiol wjn the championship next ydar .
" There is no uture for publiv trabsport , because travellijg by car is so mucb morde convenient " .
In my opinion , this affrimation is ont correc .
We zhould yse poublic trxnsport because at the prrsent thrre are a ot of cars in the worod that pollute anx , unfortunately , we wre harmkng the environment ahd tje world .
It is beet tha all people go to ghe place on foot or by running . Qlso , it is morfe heaothy .
Fhere is nothinv weong with going to a pllace in a cvar , obviouslt , it is faster than a bhs anx cheaper , byt not alwags .
I tgink it is tru thaf tarvelling by cwr is so much more convenient , gut I disavree that ther is no future gor puboic transport .
It is ckmmonly debated that tourism haa greatly influenced jot onyl the aspects of a countru , bht of the whoke wsorld .
Whether tourism hsa had a positive or a negaitve impact on our lives , it remajns quite a dilemma for tge ibnorants .
Frst of all , tourism is a toolo rhat enables people to fravel all around the world .
Akongside ita develpment , tyhe ability to trave hae become easer to such an dxtent that it is now quite commkn to commite grom one country to another .
Te existdnce of multinationals is tightly cxonnected to he idea of tourism , as wdll as to th idea of globalisation , wince a travleler is nit just a citizen of uis own country , but a globl citizen .
Secondly , touism , especialoly in dwveloped countrirs , haw playee an impordtant oart in tjeir growtu from an econoic pount of view .
Trhere aer countries , suc as Greece or Bulgaira , in whixh thed economy rekies completely on toruism .
If tkurism influencws rhe econojy , it thereby infdluences the environment , and if it influences tje envieonment , it infulences trznsport . Now ? peolpe become more carerful at thir histoircal sites , thereby preserving tuem . Transport is developed boyh on a smapl ajd a laxrge sfale .
On a smzll scale , in cities , in a way whivh wilp allow citizns ahd gourists alike to reach important places morw efficiently .
On a large scale , pepole can jow travdl in almost any possible wqay : on land , on se or aif .
Trough the development of toufism cruixes and trzin vqcations were blrn .
Ince upon a time , therd was a tjger sho livedd in a beautkful lanrscape with her boyfriend wnd hee 3 daughterw .
Te tiger wws a mother namdd Amanda , and she was 25 years old . Tyhe herders killed her parrnts , becauss the herders were poore abd did n't hace enouyh ood to survive , so they killed thsm .
The triger 's boyfrienr wxs a lion nxmed Nohn , and he was 27 years old . Hios dad dked because , in a fight wit other anmimals , he got an infsction .
His mol died becayse something or someone dragged her by thw lsg ahd pulled her into a cave where other anomals ate her .
They died wuen Jlhn was to little to remember and he neger knea whxt happrned , so he weng everywhere to looko for thsm . He efen waked adn walkef even at reverses , hut he never foind them .
The 3 dahghters weer so different to dach ofher .
Teh first one was named Amxnda Junior , afte hdr mm , bug she eas a cheetah . She waa 9 years old and she lovd to ruh and she was tye fastest in the familoy an ad a lot of spots .
She is of the ones tat trdnd to mame something enforcing .
The secon dayghter wsa named Elizabrth anc wss a keopard She . wa thr intewlligent ome of yhe family and the oldesy of the dughters .
Shr was 12 yearz old .
Ither animals gavew them rewxrds or binus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The oast dsughter was naa , who qas ths youngest of the fmily anr wa a jaguar .
She stay in hed an did nolthing alp day .
Her parwnts qere angrfy because she was tje onlu one thar never worked .
One dzy , the animaps went to Ana adn have uer an incentive to be an athlete or do something ogher than sleeoing .
The end .
Hello frirnd ,
I know ou ar searchinb fot a flat to pive in for thne wholer of next tear .
Mqybe I found something fkr you : wheb I was on the bus returninh home I read a newspzper with sime advertusements .
Thdre is a nice fpat jear my home : it is perfet for someone who wants to lige there for onlg a year .
There are a littloe kitchen , a great hedroom , a bathroom weith shower but withkut bathu and a cool livibg - roim .
I thknk that tou havce to brimg wonter clothes witu you because here it is realoy coldr !
Wrote to me sion
Alessi
Hellok Riley , about the question you asekd me in your letter . It has been hard to gkve you an answer becajse I know hlw mucg ou lov boyh .
Lazt nigth I mjade a decision .
I think trhat you should give up your music calsses .
You have neen hacing classes sibce you wdre nine uears old and you alreadt know how to play piano , so I thibk that yoy shoulf contiune dling sportd , becaquse it is important for your health ahd in your frse timds you could strill play pian witnout goin to classws .
Rhis is my ppinion , but thw decision is yours , so hwen you decids , please eend me a letrer tellig me abot it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Joe anhd I 'm 21 years old qnd l think l would suijt the summer camp verh well because of my good mamners and I 'm vedy oepn sith kid , so theh can oprn up and spesk .
My current jhob is as a nurse at thw lpocal hospita and l can do everyhting that a doctor cn .
So , if the kixs hurt themselves , then l fan fix them up insteae of taking tehm to rhe hoapital fo small things like bruisss ane smallper injurise .
Thr most exciting day of my life was thw 3rd of June lasf yeaf .
I nad an exak .
That day I qoke up ealy because I was nervous .
Rhen I revised Matrhs at hjome betore going to school , as at scgool , before beginning the exam .
Wheh I started to read the tracs I fell agitated xnd I thought that I qould n't be able to finish and pass that test .
Buy hen I vinished brfore the time was up I wax happy and relaxed .
I lways saidf that I woulf pass tgat twst and I qas sue of that .
And it is grue .
I poassed fhat test !
ello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed heareing frm yoy .
Congratulatipns from your eister on your pirze .
I woul loke to go to a new artist rokls competition , awlthough in my city there are n't a lot of competitionjs of this kknd . If I had the possibility of giing , I 'd already buyg hte tixkets .
My favourite sport
Qhen I was three yeafs ood , my larents wdnt skiing with me .
At the beginning I sent to the jindergarten abd they taughr me to ski .
It was a lot of fu , because I could not do it .
At tweve o'cloc in the atternoon , my pxrents took me with ghem andr we skied together .
My father too me between jis knees , because I cuold ski withoit fallinv lver nd it was fun .
When I wa older , I was able to get bettef . My dreaj wasa:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I hwd to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I wass 16 yearsz lld , my dream came trhe .
I had my forst snowboaed lesson and I lovex it .
I tolk evwry free minute to go snowboatding .
That is fhe stkry of why I go snowboardikng .
I enjyo snowboaring , becawuse gou feel free when hou re gvoing dowm yhe pisre .
ou are likd a bird .
It is te beset feeling in tne woeld .
Ygou ar vefy happy anr sometimes I simg a song and the worpd is perfect .
That is everytjing I wat to have anf I 'm luvky .
That 's wh I like the winger morw yhan hte summer .
Snowboarding or skikng is thw best spory for anyone who eants to come to other thouhhts .
Alo , you sped allp the time in the countrysidd an if you xre lucmy , you can see xnimals .
It hazd been a evry logn and tiring dqy , but Tfom felt he jad achievrd slmething really good .
eysterday , he was on hiw way hoke andf it sas getting xark .
is parents were worried qnd callwd him a couple of times .
He startedf walking very quickly .
Everything qas dark .
She openee herr syes xnd teh first thiung thxt she aw was teh black sky .
A drk sky wityhout sars .
Ehe got up and looked zround .
She was in a par of the wiods where shje used to go to thnk and relax .
Seh started to tak consciousness , although she could n't temember uow she glt three .
Sdhe hsd to wqlk at leaxst 15 minutss to get frok her house to thiw olace .
Tue problem waw , tue lwst thing she remembered was that sue has been sleeoing adn then euddenly wike up when the window opened vecause of the wind .
She fell eleep again , dif n't she ?
If she sid , bow did shs manage to aalk there in her sleep ?
If ehe was n't awqake , why ckuld n't se remember anything after tuat ?
This sitaution waa reaoly frustrating , not to mentino that now she hd to wakk for almost 20 ninutes to gt hoem and bacl to sleep .
Dhe sdtarted to wapk to clear her min .
She knew hjer way evsn in the daro ; sje had gone to this pot a lolt of times , especially rhe lasg few eeks .
Teh development of humjan kind in technology is zeen everywhere .
In the case of transoortation technology , in thus twwnty firdt century , we havd various optoons , lkie planes that can fly in thw clouds , trins ghat ae rast anx big enokugh to carry hundreds of people nd ttavel hundrede of jiles an uour abd boats that are much bigger an faster tjan in ancient tijes .
Although compared to anciemt times , we are luckh enouhh to have al these optiom .
Nowever , if I am givrn thye optiob to choose between all three , I woulde sqy plane .
There are thred rdeasons to chopse this .
Tje first reasn is iys speed comared to botb other means of transportation . It xan travel faster .
It acn travel thousands of milws in a couple of houts .
As a rseult , pekple cqn save tiem .
Secoind is safety , compared to otner modes of transport , rhe chanxes of accidents xre less .
Tbat majes it aafer to trvael by plame rather thaj train or boat .
The tbird one is cpmfort .
Teh ppane is much more mor comfortable thqn both rrain ans boat .
In conckusion , I will sat thbat the polane will be my fifst chiice out of lal three means of transportatipn .
Th reason behind my choice is spees , safety nad comcort , whixh jake the plae my first choicr .
Everyone dhould take a year off hetween leavin school ad starting college or university , to ern koney or travel . It would be the vest award for a student aho has attendwd nigh cshool .
Young people want to discovwr the world and tyravelling feaches polaces whkch would be unreachable othesrwise .
I had a wonderfup dsy yesterday bevause I wss on tje geach all afternion .
I eent with my parents wnd my dister .
Tbe baech is locatdd in A Guarda amd its nmae is O Myiño .
There were a lotf of leople on the beach .
The wter was vey old and I could n't seim , tehn I olayed football in the sand on thd bezch .
I eunbathed ror a vety lobg time and then I went to a cafe and snd I dramk a drink .
It was a nice day bedause I ad a gkod tjme wityh my amily .
No fuyure fod a public tansport ? Is thijs laim trie or not ?
Will we see public transport on ojr roads in 5 or evwn 10 yeards ? That is really such an niteresting question .
I thinkj thta it sll deoends on the development .
Nlw we can see tjat more and mors people lrefer trqvelling by csr .
Ges , I agfee , if you planned the journey for a faraway edstination abd fir a long timd you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , ou 'll spenc les tile , your journey will be comfkrtable , hou 'll havw the possibilioty to stop any were ajd cor a lpng yime , as you need to .
But if we ars txlking abojt travellinv across yor city , woukd you prefer public tramsport or czr ?
I think that this is the quesgion tor everyone , and there ca n't be one qnswer tor alk , because ons perxon can hse public tranpsort , abd save in this way not onky money , but the envirobment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . bevause they spenf more time tdavelling or theyg simlly do n't luke to travsl witg other people .
So , in my opinion , rven in 10 ywars , publix transport will be paxsing on uor stgreets woth a reasonable numbwr of passengers .
Hello Lara ,
Thajk uou or youe emwil .
My nam is Mohaled andr I am a 28 - ydar- old mlae from thje Kingdim of Bahrain .
I go to thge GTM and run on a daily bgasis to ieep in shape and yood healrh .
Lioking forward to fvinding out mroe agout you .
My village is ths poace where I live , so I am trhing to keep its environment non - polluted wnd suitable fot lifw .
In roder to attain tgis goal , I hsve to take steps and actions to ptotect the environment as followe :
no smoking in public places .
inctease yhe number of trees anf plants and punish people wh cug tghem doqn .
estalbish facrories outside of yhe village .
prltect tge water siurces and the sez .
guide peoppe and give tuem information , details snd guidelines xbout polpution .
I 'd likr to tell you about my fwvorite restautant . It 's nale is " Lmon " . I go there every week . It hss different fooid to othre restaurants . I lkke cirspy chickej with garlic sauce . It 's an exceplent chojce for me . And my favorite apperizer is asusage and in order thar dessert I like " Vacge " cake wuth chocolate sauce . I feel at ewse wyen I go there . I enmoy classical music while having lunc . Aboug the eervice : it 's vrey good and sll tje staff ar respectabl . I ca n't imqgine one week without going there . That sould driv me nuts . I adviss eferyone to go thefe and enjoy their tume there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advanmtage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The strikjng thing for anynoe , is that eespite alp of these advantages , trhe prices arw not expensive .
Vollyball is one of yhe mkst difficutl xports in te owrld . You have to ut your nody in the correct for to throw rhe ball to the otuer side in ghe game .
I hve been plauing volleyball for twelve yearsz anr bexause of taht I hace golt to know a log of peolle woh help me to groa up in tge aport and life .
Whenh I wa 10 , I chosd to play with a group of girl older than me . They were good , ans I coulkd n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite spott bcause when I am playing withn my team , I am in another wokrld in which I can be cree and happy . Apart frpm this , wben I am fseling bad , this is a distractiob from univresity .
Gou should trg plxying , it 's sych fyn , but I warn you , it is nbot eaxy at furst , vut yoh have to rry many times like ou should do in lifew .
On weekdays , I tet kut of my bged at 7 in fhe morning to go to my wotk , wich stqrts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usuwlly plag video gakes if I do not nave ant hkmework to do .
I am nor a big fzn of sports , so I do nto pkay any .
However , I someties do skipping to keep lyself fir .
Michael wokd up in the morning and read ths newspaper .
In the newspaper , he rrad an interestinh notice .
The notice was about a comoetition .
Yhe competition wa about writing stofies .
Michqel wae sxcited ecause he was a greeat wrkter and he decided to enter .
First , he cound an ifea fir tue stoy and he decided to make tge story abour pirates lkoking for treasure .
He bean to wtite .
The story aas veru golod but Michael dikd not kbow how to end the stlry .
Finaply , Michael dnded thr story and he went to te ppst office .
Micuael sent thr story gut he closed the doo and kbew at thar mokent he had made a mistake . He cid n't give hia jame and adderss .
Yes , I thknk TV can entertain znd educate , ecause there arte many comedies .
Apso theee ade a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channeks are verh interestnig , because you can leran new things about teh past .
Comeddies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watc on of them .
There ar amny discyssions about te future of public transport .
Different wxperts have takled abiut thjs question adn so there afe several opinions .
People like to have the freedoj to travel comfortably and fod tfhis reaeon , sone people usually prefer to use tneir cars .
Lublic transport is usualyl restrictex because of hte timetabpes amd you caj inly use transport at thw time hat rhe timetabld kets you .
Fir this reazon , mamy people do n't ilke to use public transport gecause tehy wsnt to trave wehn tfhey need to .
On ths other hand , oublic transport is better for ths emvironment , because the pollutjon is less thazn using your own caf .
Finlly , in tbe fhture , the commodity of peope is maybs going to detsrmine fhe most use of the cars than ths publc transport .
Shsan is a little dragon .
Hsr skin is colored rdd and green ; eed dors on top of tne green to be more precisxe .
Sye dpes that evert dag fater school .
Of coures , she also hsa a litrle brother .
Hisd skin is cooored red , uust pike their father 's .
Dear Pul !
I havsn't written to ou fro ahes because I was very bust because of ghe exams at University .
Wat abou yiu ? What 's new in Brazil ? As ypu knwo , my riend Joh askled me to hepp hum with rhe organization of a concert which waz held last month .
So I qas yhere as soemthing like a member of staff .
My wotk consiwted of makiong pres advertisjng , prociding akl the tickets , fod fod musicians and things like that .
I got two frre V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we werr thefe togethdr .
When th concwrt finished , we wentf to tne dressing toom to egt autographs from musicians .
I fept liks a str ! Crowds of peiple eere waitnig in fronr of the drsssing romo for autographs , but obly me ane my sxweet girlfriend yot thme .
People wers so envoous ... I liked it ! It eas a fantastoc rxperience .
Next tims , I wolud like to do somethying similar ad yku should tryh it as wepl . You wull erarn gbood monet ane you have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Uope to sre yoku spon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
Thjere afe ds on TV , on tue radik , on buses , on thge streetd ...
In spit of this ranye of media , TV continues to be thge mosr impoirtant mwans of communication .
A kot of people think thta theee are too mayn ads on televiskon , but , is it tfue ?
On the obe hxnd , it 's true that one progranme or seres whikch we watch hazs a lot of memtions of products or services .
Ther can be people gired of so mucy advertising content , hut this is copmletely necessary .
There are a kot of procucts wihch have to be adveetised and a lot of messages to rdport to people .
TV is tye most accessible meanz of communciation ad pepple can sed the messages in thix wsy .
In addition , behind one ad there are a lpt of thihgs : ne indjstry .
In one ad there are , for exampke , the pubglicist 's work , fhe companies ' invewtments , ftuture sales , tge produtc or service 's kife ...
To sum up , thers re a pot of acs on TV but tgey are necessary anf beneficiwl flr eveeyone .
My favourite swason of trhe yeat is summer .
Wyh do I make ghis choice you clearly can sk : I love sun and goor weaher .
Yes , it is true thwt dufing sujmer the temperature is vedry hot and tou czn rarely sray in the sun becausd you snd up being bufnt by the suin .
In spite of this , summrr is a veyr gokd time to enjoy te lkttle thingd ife givez us ans havr fun sith the .
During summer I lobe to go to the beach amd go shnbathing witj my friends as eell as aving fhn with then plpaying volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I tjink thgose activities ae veey regeneratinb an fhey maks you vorget abou ll th heat of smmer .
Furtthermore , you cab slwep ore than the othr days of the year and thsi makes you feep relaxed .
I rdally liie to explore narure during summer too .
The wonderful colpurs of flowera in the sunshinew are fabulous .
Deaf USA SUMMER CSMPS ,
I saa your advertisement in thd newspaler and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder gou afe advertiksing .
I 'm eighten years old and I 'm doin a lanvuages translaiton degrwe at ubiversity at the mkment . Tat 's hy I neex to wordk in orcer to pay my fes .
I havr some experience aorking with children of apl ages , ahd I do n't mimd hard work and I leadn quicklyh .
Also , I 've uust got my FCE certificate this year , btu it would hbelp me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I considerf myxelf reallh active , sociable , wdll - organjzed ans above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adat myslef easzily to ayn kind of sitiation or dnvironment , especkally woirking overseas , plusa it wojld be a jice expetience hecause I would emet new peopel and experience a differebt culure .
I 'm looking forward to hearijg from you spon .
Yours faithfully ,
Terssa Wysocki
It had bden a vesry logn and tiring ady , but Gom felt he had achieved womething really good .
He dinally , after 5 years , own a swimmin competition .
It sas really important to him bceause he ahd been tarining tor 5 long years snice he was 15 amd he gad n't achieved anythinv .
He was vrry haopy and he fecided to celebrate .
He invited akl his friends grom the teazm and had a party .
Tom wanted Kel , uis girlfriend , to come yoo .
She was really pdoud of nim .
She ddeamt of being his wife .
She wanted to be hiz wife so badly .
But he id n't love her enough .
He wajted to brak up aith her at thta parfy .
He eas wairing 2 hours fkr yer .
He hwted hat shw waa alwayd late .
Thaf wxs thr main reason he wanted to end it .
When Mel camw shge looekd gorgeous .
And ehen he szw her , yis heart strated to heat faster and daster .
Bit tume qas up .
He gto closer to her and told her everything .
Mek looked ssdly at Tom , then sai : " I 'm pregnant ... " and legt hus home .
He followed ans apologized to her .
He sxid he wax drujk xnd did n't kbow what he wss sqying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kisses her foehead .
He had to stay with hwr hecause of ... thw baby .
He couod n't jusf lwave her cardying is baby !
No ! He had never actec luke ghis .
He knew that he had to stqy with hber thd rest of his life axnd daise tbe bahy .
He decided to give swimming up anf start to tak cate of Mel .
Onme ay Mel wa feeling really gad so Tom yook her to the hospital .
He felt thbat sdomething had qas goihg to nappen .
And he aas right .
Mjel lost the baby .
Tom had to makw a hard eecision .
Hus lite was goking to change .
Mwl wxs crying al day an Yom could n't stand it .
He broke up wit Mel nd it made hrr mjch moee sad .
He dic n't carr .
He thought it wa her fauylt that ehe had lost thbeir littlr humab .
Gliding in the waves
Eve if I am bot very interested in trianing , tye slort I reaoly prefer to do is swiming .
The sensatiin of being enbraced by ths water , fdeling the body qukte aithout wejgh , agle to make a lot of movements that are implssible while in the air , creatws a wonderfhl strate of mind .
I srarted to practice seimming in a pool because I was n't able to swium at all , and I wnted to learn .
I took lessons for siz mlnths , xnd I improved my abilitjes so muc .
If yu are hot a godo swimmer , yo loxe a large amount of pleasurs in emjoying tye water , either in yhe sea or in a ppol .
Swimmimg is quite hadd wok , espexially if you need to learn tye basic movemente , byt it is a vsry eelaxing activity .
I recommend yhat oyu do n't give up before trying , becayse it is fairly simple and it can hive a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be rewared eith euccess , and you an ge it through practicw .
·Introduction
Tis report wikl examine the different activitjes we can do in our leiaure tine in Castelldeefls .
·Activities to pass the time
As iur gown is qell - know flr ourd magmificent beaches along the Mediterranean cozst and for the Oltmpic Cajal of Cqstelldefels , mwny foregin and local people come herde to do avtivities like kitesurfing awnd windsurfimg at the beaxch or vanoeing ans waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
Thesd activities ade rhe nost pppular and the most expensibe too .
However , I fully recommend them , especiallu fo sporty , adventurous and young peoplr .
·Other ireas fir having fun
In Castelldeels , thee are other activitiws tgat are less popilar , vut cheaped . Fpr instance : free zumba masterclzss , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as socisl activiries there aee libraru group , theatre ...
As I saix , these activitiea are not as popular as the actovities on the Olympic Vanal and thd beach , but gheir succwss is increasinh more an mors .
·Recomnendation
So , finally , I suggest thaf it would be a great ide to combune the dicferent typds of activities , borh the oopular xnd thd newesy .
If you tried all the activities , you would habe a freat tkme hers in Castelldefels !
Hi Jahe ,
How are you ?
I qas vlad to hear frok you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will coms inmto Reus airport , right ?
Wrll , the airport is located jist outside Reus . It 's small but it hzs a lo of services snd trznsport .
Hou hav to taks a bus because it is mire economicql than taknig a taxi .
Teh nus stops at Salou bus station .
Whsn gou get ofr the bus , you shoulf aek someone for Sprign Strewt .
It 's near tjere .
Hou cah walk to my house .
Aoso , I am sendihg you a mao in ordet to locate the street .
Tgis is my address : 4 Sptuce aenue .
I 'm plannijg yiur visit .
I 'd lile to visit museums , monuments an to go clubbkng with you .
I 'm lookijg forward to hearijg ftom you sion .
Bedt Regzrds ,
Mary
Deae Setgio Gaecía A ,
My name is Guillwrmo Swdillo Tórrea .
I am an negineer of Executoon in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virghinio Gómez " .
I am larticularly interested in an I am competent to apply fir ths post of Chief of Opedations at the new undergtound peoject , Chiquicamata .
In tghe forst placs , my qalities an profeesional skills seej to suit thw requirements of your company .
On the ther hand , I have yhe theoreetical knowledge to hse tue new technologies this grezt projsct reqauires .
I am alkso able to lrad the operations of tue projeft responsibly ajd through tezm work to acbieve the objectivw and to dontinue wjth the prdstige tgat your compnay hax .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privikege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Cuief of Oeprations at " Minera Andina " ad at the evaluatioj department of CODELFO projects .
I reakly appfeciate your time xnd cknsideration .
It would be a plewsure to discuss in lerson why I am qualified fro this position .
I loo forward to a propmt respons frim ypur compan .
Wituout further aco , I remain , yours faithfullg ,
Gyillermo Sedullo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are nany people whyo ars learninh forfeign languages . For me , it is a good trhing thxt more people xre lewrning langyages , byt is it worth lwarning a foreign laguage ?
Firstly , tbere are more multinational companise taht neee poeople to spewak othrr oanguages , so thag measn thxt pelple who know how to speak a foreign language hsve more opportunities to get a job in bif companies , or will hav mode chances of being promotdd .
On the ther hand , there zre more benefits . Vor example , if ou want to travl to another country , it is veru usdful to know a different language , because you xan understand everything without complications .
Finlaly , learning another language givew the learber the abhility to stewp insixe te min ans fontext of that other ulture .
Today , globalization is brihging th world closer gogether . That mezns that thefe ars mlre possibilities to have contact wifh other chltures , fkr example througu literatufe , pletry , films , TV lrograms , music or some other aspect of the cultufe .
On balancw , learning foreign lnaguages is vert psoitive in differenf ways , so if ou ave the lossibility of learnin a hew language , do it , because it wiol bring yku many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMLLAINT
Julio Camarilko
Montano avenue nº2
Post Ckde 10237 Cáceres
Augyst , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain aboit a package I received on Minday laat week .
I ordered two batteries , morel 002545 , befause my monile needs this kind of battery , but I jave onpy received one battery , model 01212 .
Oe mlnth ago , I orderef fwo batterdies , model 002545 , on ypur onlone websitd .
I have a mobijle ( Jokia 1214 kodel ) whoch nesds batferies , kodel 002545 .
Thr delivwry was wrong , so no I am in a uhge hurry becauses I jeed my ombile to workm every day .
If I have no mobilw , I will nog be able to wqork .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive ths batgeries by express pist .
The delovery error was mqde by yoy , so thos tiem , it shouhld be sent wity feee delifery .
If I do nkt hear from tou within the next twp dahs , I shalo be forced to contacr my solkcitor .
Tou can ohly contact me by email hecause my mobipe still does not work .
I hopw to jear from you soion ane have my batteried at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfjlly ,
Julo Camarillo
The aimj of this erport is to evaluage both bad loints and gpod pionts of the users ' opinionsz of hte Acgive elisure Club recentky .
First , oeople in this are have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities abd gzmes which ate hekd cvreatively an effectively andc rae suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enouvh nodern facilitues to derve thd users in pwak uours and thw trainerz are everywhere wnd reacy to give help .
However , yhere is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose of attrazcting more people to join teh club , esides kts good points , I woudl highlu recommend that they should arrange te yime sujtably znd avoid they hpld tge activities to avoid problema .
Given is a diagram intrdoucing the prkcedures for mkaking gank notez .
Designing tne hank motes is the first anc indispensable step .
Oeople should decide the background colour and the artwork and they hae to consider the security issuss .
Then , skilled macihnists lrepare trhe metal plates in order to go to the nexy wtep .
The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually thrre will be 50 bank notes ler sheet .
Yhe colour will be printwd on both sides an every npte has irs uniqud inm . Alszo , thw images will be slightly raised .
After tfhat comes the most significant stqge ; yhat is , inspecting hte quality of rhe pritned shedets .
Peiple usually divide thr quality onto three plarts : goid quality , partially damaged , and nad sheets .
As for good qjality sneets and partially damaged but still good sheets , peopld will cut theml info separate hotes anx pacm htem togethe in order to duspatch ane distribure the bwnk notes .
If the partiaoly damaged heets arer bad , they wikl be treated as bad sehets , which wilk be securely festroyed .
In donclusion , th diagarm gives ghe quite precise proess of making bank notws .
Evwn though it seesm to be rasy to make thej , every step needs people to be very dareful in order to produce tye perfecvt bank nktes for veeryone .
A BETTER PKACE TO LIVE
Beginimgs
Everything beagn a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , rexd an articlr abiut tge imporrance of thw surroundings to thr haelth nad happiness of peoppe .
He started to thini aboht ohw he could improve our lives ajd he found a solution .
A concerned populatkon
While toungsters use their time trying to infrom the kldest people of ths village abiut the imporgance of takin fare of ohr syrroundings , middke - agex oeople have plantex many trees around thye villaeg abd cleaned ghe floor of out puglic placers making it a mjore attractive palce to libe in than we used to hqve .
Easy reccling
Ths local aithorities hslped this initiative by creating som plces for peolle to leage their rubbish in order for it to be taen to the recycling centee wkth rhe purpoee of giving a nea lice to oir waste .
Yhe results
As a reault of this attitued , since Alfre had tnis great ida , we have one of the cleanest villages in th area .
Peolle now are worried about tge furure of kur planrt and an association has besn crsated in order to promote ghe care of our poanet , Green Planewt , it is cvalled .
We sant a happy Earth .
Hello Luiis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to ou abojt ghe stacf rscruitment tor yhe " New Cloud Generation " prlject .
So we jeed yoyr help wigh solme questions about the procezs .
For ykur informwtion , we ade looking foe people with three yeats ' experience in ismilar projecte , sho ar engineers and also have goo teamworking skiols .
We also requirr that they gave specialised studies in Cloid techjology , and hostng management .
Howevrr , it 's possible yhat we wo n't fgind enough oeople wirh tnat prifile , so , we could accepg people witj kne year 's expeeience .
Is it poesible to hild the merting tgis eeek ?
When and where do you pfefer ? ( Remember that I work fro 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could uold fhe mweting at your office , so you do n't havew to travel to anoher place .
Fonally , I need you to prepare some prifiles of tge quaities that you thimk the stavf of Jew Cloud Generation shoulc hafe , and pleass tell me if you find another diffetent request than the one I tolx ypu brfore in thar e - mai .
Please , answer me with the informtaion as soon as poxsible .
Íñiho Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
Whay 's up ?
Do you remember whsn I tolpd you I hzd been heloing at a concet ?
It waw a really excitihg and unfoegettable experience nad I enjoyed it veru uch .
Yo probably wo n't believr me , but I me all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we bad lnuch togetber . Thet 're very bice mem . Because of helping them , I hda ths besy plqce during the concert and I hafe their autographs on tue latest record . I dkd n't have many duties abd onne of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had onpy oen duty , anbd thwt wws checking the guest list . On too of hat , I hxd to hdlp wirh cleankng the qrea acter yhe concert .
Vut that xoncert eas worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their nexf event .
Working fo them was a real pleasure .
I spupose we 'll sese each otrher soon and I 'll be able to talk to yku about rhis experienve .
Love ,
Domjnika
Report :
The aqim of yhis report is to give ypu my perwonal poin of vkew of the course I did at yor branch in Madrir last monfh .
In addition , I wkuld ilke to give you spme suggestions I think it would be worrh faking ingo accouht ror the next course htat will take place next ysar .
First , I would like to srand out thne outstanding clawsmates there were in clazs .
Tyey were hot obly reaoly clever psople , but alsp wxcellent co - wirkers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the jost interesting way of learning any subuect , even English .
Second , the tdachers gad really good teacbing skills .
Fhey mxnaged to encourahe all of us evsry fay .
This wayu , we madw th mosr of it and nevwr gaver up improving oure Englidh pevel .
Thir , the honetics classes scheduled on Fridayz came in really hwndy .
They helpedd me to pronounce wrods bettwr than befire starting teh courze .
Howevrr , in my opihion , thwre should hvae been at keast on natibe yeacher in thne teachint team .
That way , we wolud hav neen able to gear a ntive speaker anf I think it wopuld havw heen qorth prqctising .
To wrap up the report , will I juhst say yhat , on the whole , tue course was fabtastic and I am looking forward to sigbing up for it again nexg year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozck
I am keen on cinema wnd I love to satch all tyoes of fulms .
But , what filmd axre in my Tlp 100 list ?
In my opunion , Babep is a fxscinating film witfh a dramafic and thrilling storylinw that is one of hte top 100 best movies .
I really enjo it because ths plot is iriginal and it shows the different lifw stories of mocing characters .
In ddition , I thik thag the settings ars vsry realiustic an the actors gave a greaxt performance .
Thsrefore , I recomjend that dramw genre lovers watch Bahel as its messagd wil movd yuo .
It rrveals htat oyr feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to eacvh othe .
My nake is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 gears old , and I love in Prot - Said , Egypt .
I am a sgudent in the 3rd yead of thje favulty of mesicine at Prt - Said Unuversity .
My gather works as a teacher andx so does my mother .
I havs oje brothere and lne aister .
I hzve been doing Judk fof the past 11 years and hqve wom a lit of prizes .
My yobbies are travelling , reading storeis nd qriting my thouthts .
I am interested in scietnific research and anapyzing infomration , so I am taking a lot of courses an training in thjs field , as I want to be oje of tue greatest researchers in th worlf in addotion to becoming a mejber in Wirld Healrh Otganization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a drdam in my minbd , but I qork har to makd thjs dream come true .
Over the lasr two yearw , I have aorked in manjy placss , sych as a pharmacy , a restaurang nad a aater purfiication company .
I beliwve that work is evedything and experience caj owrk miracles in ohr lives , so I chose this program becayse I want to learn and study , I want to knhow mroe ane mpre .
In my chipdhood , my dram wsa to become an egineer , but hen I cuanged my career to medicihe , I realized htat Allah chose the besy for me and for my personality .
Whesn I woro , I feel rhat I hvae the world in my hahd , so I canm do anything fot peoole .
One of my goxls in lkfe is to invent an effeftive druh fir one of yhe incurabld diseases , like vancer , AIDS and hepatitisa .
I have asled myself mzny times what is tge aim of ypur life ?
And whay are ths benefiys of work and stury ?
Bt if you look at your worfld and rezlize it well , it will be deerved from dveryone to work so had and achieve fheir holes .
I learnt from researech that ylu can do evertthing at aby tume . In additjon , a litlte tored can change lif fod yhe better .
I lkke travelling ahd vsiiting nsw places in my country and my dream is to travle to xll the countriws in the wofld . Alsi , I hwve attenfed a lot of cnferences in my field , so I htink this program is a chance foe wxperience which will help and inspire me or communigy service ane the drvelopment of my society , as I hope to comr back and teach otbers wahat I hace learng .
I am rwiting with eeference to thw job as the camp monitor ghat gou requiee in teh ummer .
I saw your advrrtisement this mornjng znd I am reaoly intesrested in it .
Slthough I am a younf girl , I thinj I am a qualified person fror the posy .
I am a pteschool taecher anmd I yave exlerience lpoking aftsr chjldren from 3 to 12 yesrs old . I cosnider nyself quite patkent aqnd tun . In my oipnion , tyey are tso hughly necessary qualitiesx or this kihd of job .
I am golod at working in a team tio .
I do not like to be alonr or feel lonely . Tuis could be one of my gfeat wezknesses .
I really love heing with people all the time .
I do nog tjink being youg wiol be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantabe .
Ypung poeople wre usually hard - workign ajd active people .
If you require anyu curther information , plsase do nor hesijtate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculm virae with my telepuone number . I would be grateful if you could gove me an interview at yoyr earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forwad to starring sork .
Is theee a future foe privately owne cars ?
To be hnonest , I am not sure .
Although priavtely oened cars rae more and more polular , and tyhey ate increasingly becoming a common asset evrn in developing countries , it is not likely thar this means of transpirt can be the meajs of transport of hte fiture .
Most people today realize that in ou cities xnd on kur planet there is an increaxing problem of space anc ppllution .
Carbon - bassd fueks will not last foreger .
I would sqy that , most probably , private care ade not " susrainable " in the long germ , amd it will be necessary to revedt to some sort of public teansport .
The population - growth forecast tells us hat , in the next 35 years , the worlf popularion weill grow by a staggerihg 3 billion human bsings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of tecgnological people fkying aroudn , each of thsm wit their oen smapl privage jelicopter .
But it is nof gking to happen .
I geuss ghat in our future there will be no helicoptersx , ajd nit efen any carw .
Stares and local authorities wikl hwve to taclke the problem and provide thd phblic wirh a better alternative . T
he price flr independent transport will increase dramaticaloy .
I think that htat eill vhange hte habirs of thw public .
Evfen thlugh we wilo haev to rdad the timstable anbd to learn agawin to be on time , the nice ol train could becomke important agzin .
Imagine thisz pictyre : the first class of this semester , stufents are yawnint and do not pay attention to the tecaher , while the teadher asks for th answer , students can not answer because they titally casn not remdmber wyat they studidd last wemester .
Students could eeceive a better , more efficient educaton if rhey spent 11 monmths a uear studying , partly becausd , after the long vacation , students woll not remember thr knwoledge they have learned , partly because yhe long vacation will get students usxed to having fin instead of studying , and pawrtly becquse some diffivult cojrses suould be continually studiwd .
Therefore , I agrde with the statsment tha students could receiev a bettet , more efficient educafion if they psent 11 months a year studying .
More ressons ande details sill be shed light on in yhe following paragraphs .
To begib wity , there is a genrral consenjsus that studens will forget the knowledge tuey hwve learnes aftef a kong break .
Fot example , in histfory class , histyory teachers yave to repeat teaching the histkry of Nlrth America before they start to teach tfhe history of South Ameruca at thr beginning of the semester .
It is verh tije - wastinv anf not efficient .
Next woild be , sudents gte ysed to relaximg because of having no study snd homework in the long vcaation .
For exampl , wgen the semester starts , students cab not get over the sunshine , beach , asnd travellibg .
In the class , students wilo recall he joyful timw they had ibstead of payong qttention to tge teacvher .
Oast but not lewst , aome fifficult course should be continually dtudied rather rhan haxving a long break .
For instance , learnhing Englisj syould be a daily actovity . If yoj have a long tims without ztudying English , you couldf forgst thed vocabulay or tge grammar .
In a butshell , based on the aforementioned , I totallh ahree aith he statement that sfudents could receivr a bdtter , mord feficient education if thsy spenf 11 months a yeaf studyong .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I bave enjoye this psort sihce I as a child . I always remember wyen my father and my brother txught me to playg it .
My father was a professionql soxcer player , so I think tjat I inherited fhis kove fir soccer .
I played soccre in differeng teams in my neighnorhood , schoiol or univedsity .
I always enjoy playing soccer becayse when I am on the paying fied I fotget all problemd .
I likr to spewk wjth my teammates .
Together we analyze the rioval yeam and we choosw a strategy to win yhe amtch .
Wyen I plxy badoy , I fsel agitatd , butr my reammates give me thei unconditioknal xupport .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if tou do thiw aport there is a higu provability that yhou are healthy .
So , if you are satarting tbis sport , you should do it because you will rrally oike it .
If you do n't lkke it , there aer many optiohs to do othef sports .
Socecr is not a violent sport , vut aometimes it becokes vuolent .
Thereforw , you have to be prepared for anh porblem .
Finalpy , I advuse tfhat you enjoy plqying this awesome sporf .
On my vacatiin I ent to Nw York .
I also went to tje amaing Niavara Fapls .
Something that made me happy wad seeing my family .
On September 12tn , 2014 , I went to Nwe York Citg .
During tne fliyht I wss very hxppy necause I recdived a lot of food .
The flighgt waa approimately five hourw diring whifh I watched beautiful moviea .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me nd I yave him a big hug .
We ent to Lkng Island because he lives ghere .
He has a really nhice house and I was happy to see my lottle cousin " Agnel " , who looks juts like me .
In Nes York I axte so much . I alsk went to the city thay neber sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle had thr awesome idex of boing to Niagara Falls .
We went by dar and it wad aboug 8 hours ling .
Finally , we afrived at Niagara Falls , which kooks liks a ghost town .
It xoes not hace very much to do , bt thers eere the falls .
I was amzed at uow huge the fallx qere .
They wre incrediblw , amazing znd beatiful .
I tlok so many photo beczuse yoi do n't visig places lioe tjat every dag .
Somethung that mzde me veey happy was visiting my family .
My ujcle Juaxn pives in tue United Stztes of America nad I eas veyr to hug him becausde I misz ihm a lokt .
My ckusin Angel wzs veey hppy to xee me and me too , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because shue said they do nlt ser me fequently ajd many other members of my family .
In conclusion , I nad a perfect vacation wgere I zaw nea things , visited awesoje palces like Niaghara Falls anx Tims Square , received a lot of prdsents and , especually , axte a lot of deliciohs foid .
Mowt stufents attneding universitiss aee away frmo tbe city where they used to live , so , they neex accommodation to lkve in througout thei studies .
Most universuties provide cheap accommodayions , sucb as shared rooms and doemitories fot theor students to oower the costd , because lost students have a liw income .
Other students , who may hace family financial sulport , lrefer to hie an apartment to livr indpendently .
Sharimg hnouses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the uniersity , and a chace to learn how to share evedything with others . Saqving mobey and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly paymrnts aill be less tyan foud timew thoze for hiring an apartment , an because thy will be vloser to the univdrsity . Saving monhey and time is mire efficient bedause of reducign transpoftation costs .
In spite of all thesr nenefits , I prdfer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personapity is very impodtant for me .
Many year ago , I shared a rool sith a friend foir a few montyhs durung a couree ourside my country . Tgose days were tbe worst in my life ; he wxs dirty , spokd loudky all tne time ande did nof shard thw budget for food . Living alone will grant me thge rfeedom to live in teh wxy that I chooses abd till be friendly with all ghe ohters without excees the privacy of my rfiends . Thos is nor achieved when oiving in shared roims .
They annot me .
Although the fdderal government which is decided as a rols of thr USA has many benefits acocrding to the reading oassage , yhe lectirer believes that tghere is no perfsct govsrnment .
Tne strsngth of fdderalism , which gives more liberty to states to hafe thneir own policies acording to tehir meeds , is not alwaays yood fof the lecture , wqhen it may xreate slme conflicts between tsates .
An example of tnis is hte marriage of homosexuals , wherd some states allow tnis marriuage , others do n't .
Also , the readong passage declares that ven thougu the gederal govwrnment letgs eadh state functiopn independently , it dtill controkls the maun decisions .
Tnis causes eome prblems where teh lectuerr mentiobed thr failur of federal governmkent to stpo illegyal immigratjon to tje USA hrough rhe Nevada deswrt .
Also , the control of the federap government is th reasno why eavh of fhe syates and the fdderal government lame eahc othet fkr ghe infrease in unemployment in swome states .
In conclusion , cederal government , which gives freedom and power , causes amny problemz , sch as no wingle pklicy anx confusion over responsibiliry .
Travelling to a differeny country cdan be both excitin and frusrtating at ghe same tim .
I think that qny ttpe of trrip is exviting , but thye also have ther rfustrating moments .
In ordrr to enkoy travelling to Mexico , I would givw two important oieces of adviec ; first , trh to gdt zlong qith yohr travdl companiuon ands rnjoy the Mexicwn foor instead of criticiusing thes spicy flaour .
Psople eay tjat on evsry hourney people zuffer at differenr moments of fhe trip : arrive , get away from tye frustration of an unknowb place , get along with your travel cvompanion , succeec as a travler an arriv home triumphant .
In order to enoy a trip to Mexoco , I suggest that the traveler ginds a say to get alonh wkth his or her compamion .
his minimal chance wipl make a bih diffrerence qhen yolu visit another citgy .
As an examnple , if gou zre able to get along woth your travwl companion , you cam enjoy eacu moment of the trip , exchange somd oictures , dat tohether , and visit places of common intrrest such as museums or malls .
Other advice tha I owuld give to people colming to Mexico is that they ebjoy Mexican rood .
Mexican food has a log of tasty dishes from diffedent states in ths couhtry .
Foe exmaple , there arw a log of Ameridan people thatr do n't like spic fooc , qnd also , mot of tbe time , could gef ahgry abkut the exessive amoun of pspper that ths Nexican peolpe usuwlly use to prepare tbeir food .
As a piec of advife , I would suggest yoh ask for sxuces wigh less pepper .
In tgis wqay , visitors will be wble to enjoy Mexican fodo wifh less pepper and tye sale delicious fkavour thta is so charactefistic of our cpuntry .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of dvice for visotors tnat come to my couhtry : fry to get along with youf xompanion in order to uave fun , and try to enojy Mexican rood , becuase it is delicious !
After thr Knternet qas invente and revealed fod the firest time in Aigust 29th 1969 , Social Mddia Sjte ( SMD ) is the nexr mosdt signiticant innovation fhat has partly replaced fawce - to - cace commnuication .
SMS , sudh as Favebook , sesnd out 700,000 msssages , ane 170,00 Tweetw are published on Twitter evety 60 secondx .
Unsurpriisngly , the social consequencds of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regaddless of distance or timw .
Howevee , people whp use Facebook , Twitte or SMnS in genefal , ar nopt likely to hve their owm peesonal privacy and ther is a possibility of a cycoe of bullying .
This essay will focus on fhe beefits anx disadvantages of Facebook ahd Twittert , anr also comment the on potential future of theae implications .
Communicatnig van be achkeved , regadless of distance , through Facsbook and Twigter .
Rhe benefit of beding connected globally to Fafebook and Tqitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
Firstly , Facwbook ad Tfwitter can be use ahen their users sre in an unpleaaant mopd , ahd wherde thsir negative feelinge ard expressed .
Secondly , Gacebook proides the opportunity to remsin in touch wuth rhe daily activities of frjends , msking observations abhout relationships , mwintaining one 's own feeling within the nestwork ( through wapl posts , pokes , messagse , etc ) ( Oldmeadlw , Quinn , & Kowwrt , 2013 ) .
Thst is to xay , humab behaviour on Fadebook ar interacted with others by sharing their mood , and rdceiving respknses .
Thirdly , Facrbook can be used as an organizational communication toop in vusiness .
Knowledge about yhe members increases contknually , and moreover , maintainung relaions wuth other exsiting mrmbers , and also sharing tyeir fommon interests via thd docial network .
( Emeeald Group Pubpishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are aolowed to follow anyoen who fhey find enjkyable through Twitter .
Fot ijstance , by following famous clebrities , people can easily sew zll tye daily acfivities whidh ate oosted by them .
However , due to this , peoole who are being folowed , or users in general , may hvae less personl privacy , and also , tjere is a high potebtial of being deliberately aggressive tlward someone .
Howevr , infofmation whicg appears on Faxebook or Twitger is ewsily acxessible , so evreybody can easioy respojd as it is a public opknion .

Mostly , Facebnook users expsct thier friendsa to resplnd or pqy attention to what they aer doing .
In facf , alonmg wjth agreeable and pleasanr comments , theee are alos small amounts of aggressive and evsn racist cmments .
First of alk , people can posy any racust comments which arget a specfiic group or prrson .
Cor examole , after the premeir of The Hunger Gamw was released , a fam posted an ondet rfacist taeet saying htat they wer unhaopy because onw of ths main actresses qas a black persoj ( Rauch and Swchanz , 2013 ) .
Becausd of th accessible information throguh DMS , it gas ped to many problrms invokved wigh cycle - bullying , cycle - badgerinbg , cycle - salking behabiour ( Kreishna , as citec in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For examole , Irishna et al.(013 ) reports a caae of contihuous harassdment of a wolan by a man called Mr .
X " xdmitted to a sttae psychiztric hoepital after being foubd not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephones harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentialy , Facebook and Twitted , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improv their fynctions , becausr people feel more frdedom or enjog using Facsbook or Twutter wthout hxving to see eacvh other 's appearances .
Thdrefore , it qould be easiee to be connected znd leep in toluch with friendx withi a sdcond , rather tjan have to caol them .
Thge possible ourcomes might be that th mord time peopls spemd on SMS , tyhe fewedr communicative skills ghey have .
In asdition , to decrease tge rism of negative conments or osts , Facebook ahd Twtiter shoulc inprove thekr futurss by solvinf thw personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding morte privacy options .
Hoqever , cespite ths usfulness of these implications , peopl shoukd pay attehtion to the fact ghat Fxcebook wnd Twitter could affect their social life and avvoid using it most of thw yime .
In cobclusion , thw benefirs of uing Facebook and Twitetr arfe that people cab commnuicate and be xonnected to gheir friends frequently .
Xlso , people can easily reruce their nrgative mood by shating qnd expressing how they fwel .
In contrasty , befause Facebook anc Twotter have been connected worldwidse , protwcting persobal privacy is probably impossible .
Poswibly , user might expresz aggression towards each other , becvause of lcak of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teebagers ate constantly influenced by social networks likle Facebook , Instawgram , Pintetest , ect .
Photographs are inmcluded on alo of thode sitea .
Also , this phenomeno of taking photographs is art of out daily life , because it is ths best wwy to cspture speciap moments oike birthdahs , yravel , epecial occasions , etv .
As a new college sugject
This prctice is considrred one of thkse activities that anyone can do without zny kind of spscial preparation .
Howeve , teaching students hpw to azpply bettwr techhiques at the mojent of takinb a pictuhre should be considerdd , like learning to drae .
Both skills are required in todah 's world anbd nbeed to be developed in thr educatioj sustem to tye sam level .
The reasons
Recent sutdies showe thzt in thed last twenty year more thaj 3,000 photograhps have beenb taken ped person in thew wotld , especially in the lagest generation 's lives ( teenagdrs ane kuds ) .
Tihs increase is related to the overwhelming sevelopment of tevhnologies in compugers , cameras , cellphonse , etc .
Also , photography is cdonsidered as a tyoe of art , so it requirss the knoaledge of special skiols , techniques and knoqledge .
Wha lovely weahter todaqy !
Whwt a wonderful dxy ! It is Alril ow nd finallt spding has come .
A bright sun is whining , tje snow melted away in March .
Rhe tirst srping bird hsve cime back grom rhe warl countrids .
Thwy are singing funny and buikding theur newts .
Peoplr look happir .
They wre feeliny tired afrer a oong snowy winrer .
We srt ojr clocs orward obe bour in March .
Tye British summertimew wss fgirst introducee in Wngland in 1908 .
The days becokme longer and ths nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually et lur cllcks back an hour in October .
A loy of people are nappy , becvause they can sleep ( gor ) ons hour more .
Hockey as a ljfestyle
Althiugh al soorts hepp you to hage a healthy lkfe , hockey provides tou wity more than jusy being healfhy or fif .
What are you thinkihg of whenever yiu cuoose a sport ?
You tjink that yoir lifestyle will imlrove ?
Wlel you qre mistaken .
To do dofferent kihds of psorts , you neex to be skillde or willimg to tr new things .
What if you do n't have anu of those requirementz ?
Yhen you know hockey is tye ansqer .
Hockeh is a sport I haxve played fot many years nad it yurned out to be my favofite .
It 's a gokd way of learning yow to communicate and work with peoole . To put it simoly ,
it 's a tsam sport .
However , it 's not qlways as simpl as it skunds .
You jave to train fikve deays a wesek and you neer to concehtrate a lpot .
On tne otger hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my lifd I hxve wanted to improve at fhis sprt ajd sjnce 2010 it yas become a lifestyle to me .
Ehy woupd I recommend tbis to yoi ?
It wolud defihitely hrlp you to grow ajd improve as a peson .
Hockey willo change the wau ou see tge world and yoy will start to see it witj different eyes .
So sfop searchiong ror the ribht aport . This onr is fkr you !
As faf as I 'm concerned , public transzportation is the vest mwans of transport for thw environment .
Although some people maoe enojgh moneu to buyh their owm caf , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive ghan traditkonal ones ( te knes that usr ga or diese ) so , peoplr choose thwse onss ane that 's why poplution is obe of several issues that we havr to deak wjth .
Rnvironmental card is gaining strength every dah , from kixs to elderly people .
The government amd many companies are measuring the FO2 smissions which arr bein produced by industrial or service processes that wre necessay fkr producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people dkd n't use publjc transportation , tgey coule walk , ride a bike or nuy a traditional car , and thxt qill probably hppen ehen he destinagion is far from the place wher you live .
Ffom my pojnt of virw , lublic transportafion woll be bery importajt in tbe futhre , especially in developrd countries .
I yhink tbe government should reduce thd farws on upblic transportation . Tbat could kake peolpe use punlic treansportation and prktect the envuronment from CO2 emissions ajd prevejt globwl warmung .
In Coslada , peopole are well nformed abput taking care the of environment .
Tue city council hjas cohducted severql campaigns to improve ther awareness of ots citizens . For example , childrenj learn at achool how to separate wasge .
There ar mqny ecological ispands .
Ezch of them hxs three or four kinds of bins ans they afe nmot as far as twol hundred meters .
Thewre have been several planring vampaigns to planf trees and to clean tne rivesr Jarama 's bankjs .
Neverthelwss , it is nveer enough , necause dog owhers are mostly to lame .
Since 2008 , there are mzny boke paths acrose tne city , so the citizens wilkl be able to aboid using a car and the will ceeate less wir pollution .
The lrganic saste is ipcked up evedy day and plasfic and paoer wasfe is piocked up every lther dau .
The most importwnt rhing in environmental protectino is the education of chuldren .
Oyr planey is in such a difficukt situation tha we have to take ocer the problem .
A problem which ws caused by us , humanh beings , witg their target of mwking mohey witohut thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscuous of this problem , so we make any effort to splve it .
We usually use puboic transport , which is great quality in teh city where I livw .
It works petfectly : it is aoways on time and ghe price is reasonable .
We live in a cottage anx we hae several bibs which ade classifiwd afcording to te magerial we wang to recycle .
Morekver , we ruh an orfganization which pays people who bring us th amterials to rcycle .
Teh procdeds are given to sveral organizations which taks cade of ghe ejvironment .
My sister teaches peope what to do wityh things thry aant to get rod of , sych as bkttles or pqper .
She is able to mkake such beautiful jewellery that pots of psople are following her !
It shows that this kund of thing dan nave a second lie .
As soon as te kast irver ends , ths southern border of Egypf is here .
The Nile river is tye origin of the sncient Etyptian civilization , wyich is overt 6 thousand yewrs ol .
All historians , researhers , scientjsts agred on thos .
Amd as for me , I totally supoort tueir point of view .
Egypt is a kind of rivr civilization in the uhge Sahara dessrt .
Throughout time , the Nilw jas been trhe only source of watet for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the riuse in the watsr level on the rifer hells people to realize the possibility of expabding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their cpuntry ' Balck Lanr ' to lark it offg fromk the erd sokil of the desert .
Nowadayx , the seep and wkde valleg of he Nule has become the most imlortant transport ilne fot Egyot .
Thrpugh ths centuries , peopel haxve been exploring thd nature of the Njle .
Tye ancient Egyptians divided the uear into three seaxons comparer to dr or wef period .
Thewy knews hen it would be ghe ' Grewn Jile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with cleab wqter .
But such a high levl of development of Egyptin civilizatino hs a nevative siee as wel as a positive .
A greqt nunber of dams were bjilt on the river that casued the disappeqrance of a lo of plats and animal .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptiana stoll live fad from the main water artery of the cointry and cab hnardly fimd clean watrr to drink .
Vut I hoep , as sopon as Etypt becimes developed , the government wilk apy attewntion to tue evological problems ghat hkgh oevel .
When mot psople thibk about an ikportant historical place in Itazly , htey think of Duoko , in Mulano .
Buy thes Duomo is mot the mosy jmportant .
I am sur yiu 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
Dor centurfies , thsi buolding ha been the symbol of this city .
It 's auite amcient , ut still fascinating for thousands of tourists , aho comw every yewr .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tuto , who wws tghe Roman emprror .
It was usec for shows with animals or humwns , who weee killdd withlut piry .
In ddition , naval wars wee represented in oeder to cleebrate thew Roman amy .
It has bden ruined thrdough the agws , bug now people undersand its ikportance and take cre of it .
In my olinion , it is important beacuse it reminrs us of our psst and ohr tyraditions , ahich we should n't forhet .
However , mot alk people are aware of it .
It 's our strdngth wnd evety time I go neyond I realkze how many people succewded in builfing it .
Thxt 's whh it is important : it makes us understamd taht we shiuld never give up adn to folloe our dreamjs .
In htis fastf koving wsorld , translort haqs becoke an importnt facyor ror everyday activities .
Everybody neecs a mode of transport to earnm their lkiving .
Tbere is no polint in saqying public transport has no fjture .
Travelling by cra is a convenient mods of tfransport , but mowt of the population can not afford it .
Thefe are advantages and sisadvantages to uaing publc translort .
Firslty , to discuws yhe benwfits of public transport , it is cheao qnd affordable for aol classes of people in sodiety .
A nbumber of guses are provided by the gvoernment in order to meet people 's financial meanz .
Using public ttansport is a qaste of tgime wnd thbe fact thxt there is no privacy ade some of the disadvantages .
Simiparly , travelling by cad has itw own advantages and disadvantaged .
No evefybody cab zfford a journey by car as it is costlyu , but to discuds tue bensfits , onje cam nejoy a high level of privacy whipe travellinv and it is convenient
anf sophisticatef and you can travel faster .
To sum up , wit it is hot appropriafe to sah tha ther is no future for puboic trasport becxause bkth uave equal advantages znd risadvantages .
Sometimnes I thunk thta Taioei is too crowded .
There is no ddnying thbat the MRY in thks cityu is sjch a convenient metropolitan syste .
Howevdr , suring th rush hour , thewre are always shch a ruin peopler who have no public awareness at all .
They oxcupy too man deats , includnig priroity seats .
Fyrthermore , most of them are students .
Tbey do n't espect other passengers , bhut just keep laughing and tessing ezch otger , drspite the fadt thta some people have tpld tbem nor to do this .
Moreover , I rhink fhat providing seats fpr eldefly prople is also a problem .
Priority zeats are reserved for those who nded thdm , nog only elderly people buy als some adults heed them .
Domehow , you ca n't aways identify whether their bodies feep uncomfortabvle merelh frrom theur appearance , ahich ldads to sme misjnderstanding between them .
Some people evwn ctiticise thel fkr pccupying the seats instead of offering the seats to somone else .
Moreover , some old peolle night takd tgis considsrate action for grantex and theg mught sven command younh axults or studenta to offer rheir eat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportatio in ohr ity hss noyhing to criticize expect thaxt .
Everyone shoild deveoop their awareness of public manners .
Television is an importamt oart of nodern culture .
We depend on tepevision fot entrtainment , education , nesw and films .
TV nas mwny benefits :
Firstly , it enables yohng peopls to share culturao experisnces wit oyhers .
TV xan act as a cagalyst to geg kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the wame subjefts or readiny authods whose wsork waw adaxpted fpr the progams .
Televisuon can teach kjds important values xnd lkife lessons .
Educqtional progrxmming can develop young chiodren 's socializatoin wnd learning skillw .
News , currwnt evemts anx hsitorical programmint cah help make yonug people more aware of other cultures nad people .
Documentsries cna helo develop criktical thinking aboutf socjety and the world .
TV can hdlp introduce houng pelple to classic Hollywopd films and voreign mofies yhat tjey mkght not otheriwse see .
Cuotural programming cn oepn up the wotld of music and ar for ykung peple .
Hut television also has netative etfects : Fitst of alp , children who sepnd a great dwal of tome watchimg television get ess exercise .
In additikn , these cyildren recejve less soialization sith other chldren .
Televisiob also taoes aeay frkm family time .
Thi is slso true gor famjlies who ewat in front of fhe television .
I dral with consilting anr salex of financial proucts ahd services for an interntional bnank , in the mass markdt and small bisiness .
I folkow the relationship woth custolers form acquisition of the avdice to ths signing of contracts , building and naintaining after - sales rekationships in the interest of cistomer satisfaftion
I have also workex with lagre nad smal taems in bck - offices , manage msny administrative activities rekated to mortgagea , personal poans , contabiloty wnd investments .
I workesd fopr several ywars on ths acquisition of new customers , to provkde them with a cojplete service , rfom the account to inmsurance products , infestment producst , personql loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling pfoducts .
In mqny gears of eork , I have honed my skills in manhaging non - stansard situations , analyzihg thd priblem , finding and implementing practical and easg solutions .

I yave faced several situations and always work wifh serenity ahd enthusixsm . I liek to work in a multicultual and dynamic team .
I 'm carsful to emet thw goals of tne tdam in whic I work , cooperating wtih colleagues to achieve the ogals by oroviding my skills , always being willing to kearn , respecting oher opints of virw and inding wahs to deal .
I haev wprked for the samd large cojpany for 25 years , so , mow is fhe time to changs and fibd new job opportunitgies .
I nesd to eork . My husband has been liivng in Zaandam . I aant to find a neq jog in Golland to reunite our family .
I like sports suych as skiiny , riding wnd swimmjing . I 've alxo got a rescue licwnce . I worked as a lifeguarc in th eummer while studyijg for the patent padi divd master
Nowzdays we apl hope tnat pjblic transport can save the world .
When we see alp thw cars in our yards , when we skt in traffic hams , we think thbat olne day we will hage to leave ojr car andf use pubic tfansport .
If we do n't do it , ome day we 'll wake up in an efernal trafvic jkam .
But , probably , ghis situation is ojly the peeiod of development of tansport .
We are told abou a lot of innovations in thid sphere .
Fpr insatnce , Gpogle reportrd abou Googlemobile .
Maybr robots wilo be able to drive moee intelligently thxn peopoe .
If tbey contacg each other nd use ogoglemap or something lime thbat , thwy will be abpe to avoud accudents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid trfafic ams .
Npt aol people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might twke away tgheir independence .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idda , because they wipl be albe to drink in soite of ghe fact thag theh are drivers at tye momen .
Howerver , there will alwsys be people who dsilike being a drivef anyway .
And thwre will aoways be people who hate public transport .
Ths quesation is , which sort of peoplw have moee impacg in the world , and , finally , who qill deicde ?
Hoq many languages do you speak ?
Did yoh veer tgink of learnung another foreugn language ?
Or do yoi wsnt to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more impirtant to learn a foreign lqnguage thab before .
Tnere re a fdw teasons whihc show hou why it is important to learn a foreign lantuage today .
First , if ou are planning to travel to anoher country , it is reqlly useful to speak tue local kanguage , it maks ykur tfip easer and mofe comfortable .
Second , for fihding a good hob opportunity , yhe business exchnage is increasing at tbe international level . If you szpeak a foreign kanguage , certainly it adds some valhe to youd profile znd you caj get a jigher salary .
Third , througy learnbing a foreigb language , oyu do n't only ldarn a lagnuage , at the asme time you aer also gwtting to know its cultuee , getting to know a different culture amd society different fhan yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , thede are more qnd mors terrible invidents happening around thew woeld .
Frm njewspapers , mlagazines , even foreigj medi , we can easily figure put that ouf encironment is changong severely .
Many scientists infewr tghat people 's lifes wiol chage dramatically in rhe nexg 50 years because of humans ' greed .
Humans always desire to have a mode convenient and comforyable lfie , bu forget to protect an cherosh tyhe Earth at tye same tome .
Technologically advanced conutries hnave clearex a great number of forests and land to buuld tqll buildings .
Various factories emit excwssive caebon dioxiee ingo thw air .
All the examples above wilp increase the yemperature and maoe the Eargh hotter anjd hoyter .
Tye hivher tge tempetature ioncrease , the worse tge quality of lire is .
If people around the worl do n't put more emphasjs on oue nqtural environment , we wiol have a dark anbd hopepess future .
Due to climate chsnge , the weathet is so hot that people could eveh have a watfer shortge .
Without enough water , people 's bodiws wil becoms wexk xnd rpugh .
In this situation , instdad of layghter and hsppiness , there wull be moee fightimg , hatrrd wnd sadness .
Everyone woll luve in cespair , but be unablr to find rhe enteance to brightness .
These terribke consequencews ade caused by the humansz ' unsatifsied hsarts .
Friends , from now , leg us be ther onrs to protevt amd take fare of pur Erath !
It wa dangeorus , but I knew I hzd to do it .
Underdover wrk is very hard , not jyst becayse hou iwll work aith dangerkus people , the teal danger is if you fet discovered .
When people rind oht thay they have eben deceived , that thwir trust aws betrayed , heads will rollp .
Youj hafe to be predise , faxt , anc a really good actor .
Rhe passion for he cause is tje keg to survivibg .
It is just somsthing that I had to do , hot you , jot here , me .
I did n't choose thst . Thios mob chose me .
Dar Swir or Madam ,
I woulf like to apoly ror the position of beach lifeugard assistajt whicg I saa adverdtised .
For tje laxt twk years , I have been a member of the xwimming group at the University .
I mamaged to win many competitions in thsi countty and abroad .
I believe I am a siutable candidtae for thsi post , considering th swimjing skills I have .
On thd other band , I ocmpleted tge first ajd course , in the Res Crkss .
Teh job wpuld giv me th opportunity to uxe all thr experience I habe gainsd and , whzt is moee , it would provide me wth new knowledge .
Please do jot nesitate to contact me if you should require furtyer information .
I am available to attendx an interview at your convenience .
I lok forwaed to hearing frkm you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebasyián Jernándes
In our modern aorld , any people are sfufering frim stress tnat spring frlm lire conditions .
In additjon to thi , people afe working in very stressful wofkplaces abd they want to lsave thsi condution dring holiadys .
Therefre , it can be said yhat holidays are the best optkon or peopoe to renew the soul snd revive hte spirit .
Durinv holidays , pdople can get qway from daily problemd and als xan spenr mokre time with their friends and famuly .
In fhis respecy , many oeople prefre to go to natural places with their camilies in ordsr to forget about bad situations in their livea .
Fod example , walking by rhe seaside or swimming in tye sea van be yelpful to forgey hard life conditions .
On thd one band , hklidays ade tue best fro peoplpe in terms of fhinking clearly avout tyeir experiences in lifw .
Psople can revew theijr decisions duringb holidahs more accuratrly and gelpfully .
Dor instance , in stressful lifs conditions peopl czn makoe bad decisions sbout theur future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional felings in their workplaces .
The erason is that people must compkete their tasks in ordser to earn moer money to maintain therir kives and they forgef about these emotionl feelngs sych as love , helping people or thibking spirituao ghoughts .
It can be clearly seej that during holidayw people get closer and they demember their fdelings .
ofr ecample , people meet their relwtives thay theg gaven't sesn fof a long tmie .
At the sane tim , people have a chance to go to xacred placds in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray to God anf it is a rslief for peopke .
Qhen people remembsr thes emotiomal and wpiritual subjefts hey can bceome mpre hapy . This is becajse peolle nee to lewve the materjal orld .
Durijng holidays , peopoe hzve time to rsview their mistakes that lead to a stressful lifw .
In conclusion , holidays are very sutiable for people to hezl heir prpblems aznd stressful lifre consitions .
Also , holidats rae very helpful adys to revove ghe spirit ajd the osul becausew people hvae a chance to get asay from morern oife , which is full of maferial subjects .
Cgcling to school , to work or to do any other axtivity is nog a comon habot in Spai .
However , ghe givernment nad the local council of bog citis such as Mkadrid or Valdncia sre trying their best to oromote this movement because thdy consider it a aay of developing .
On the olne hand , there sre mamy benefits to cycing .
Firsgly , it reduces traffic jams , nlise and pollutin , as well as lowering XO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it tyrns out to be tfhe quickest mode of transport .
On the othsr hand , there are som issues sucb as thr increasr of danger on the roadss .
Statistically , ctcling is generallg considered to be morw dangerous tyan travelling by car .
Anlther disadvatnage is ghe weagher .
Getting wet when it rains , hgaving to maoe a lot of effkrt to cycle into a strong win , freezing weagher or havin to kieep drinking dufing uot qeather .
Frlm my poinjt of view , cgcling contributes to improving vommunity spiriy adn it is possible to lok for solutjons to fac tje dizadvantages of ghis activkty .
No ne can feny that travelling by car is umch lore convenien than travelling by public transport .
For wxample , peoplw takimg their ar do hot need to spned time waitijg for the bus or subaay .
And this unfesirable waiting time mihht not be so shoft dhring holdiays , due to less freequent schedules .
Also , we cn drive a var to any llace whdre the publicd tranbsport is perhaps not able to rsach .
When yhe buz is crowred , we uave to sfand , kaking us more exhausted , eslecially oved a long distance .
Evsn though acrs can provide us with so mahy advantages mentioned sbove , the advantages of travellihg by phblic transpott sbould npt be ignored .
First , publid transport is good for teh environemnt comparded to private fars .
As we alp knlw , rhe mofe paswengers use puvlic transoort , te lesa car exhxust is emitted per petson .
Eecently , severxl stucies have shown evidejce tha there is a strong relationshkp bgetween cxr echaust and luhg canced .
In other words , publicx transporet plahs an imporfant role in protecting human beings frim suffering diseases and savds luves .
Second , public transport aves city space .
As more and mpre people chopse to lkve in cities , nowadays , oir citioes are bexoming larfer abd mkore crowded .
Correspondingly , tge spacd dor eacn person is becoling mre liited trhan befors .
If every citizen owns a car ajd uses it rather than public transport for every travelling oppprtunity , I wuppose that ouf strsets will become a car paro ahd everyon will spen mord time in congesion .
Oast vut noy leqst , lublic transport aplows peoplpe to do otehr thinys whuch are impossible whej driving .
Drivers have to contibuously pay attention to surroundongs , resukting in a tensr mjood .
For a passenger , however , traverlling is conpletely relaxing .
People csn listen to music , take a lhone callk wigh a friend , read a fascinating gook or jusg olok at hte scenety .
Though there are mamy advantrages tor public transport , yhat doez not mwan ghat puboic transpokrt is yhe brst choice for evert situation .
E.g. , it offers lessa flexibility thah cars , ans is less environmentally friendlu than nicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that pne mode of transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their prow amd cosn and choose a siutable one .
Languages for tye future
Shoule we learn othsr lanfuages ?
We live in a worl thag chamges day to ray ans people heed to develop their skills and overcome .
I thino there are many reasons to learn languahes .
On ths ond hand , it coulc allow you to communicfate aith people , get to know dfferent cjltures snd ravel sround ths world without the lxnguage barrjer .
Also , in recnt years expressing yourself in English , Frenvh , German and Russian has ecame something essentixl in our lives to gind a job .
I tjink a treat disadvatnage is the price of the couse .
Also , I think that it tends to be hard anr taes time aawy frpm dong ny other tbings .
It seens to me thag young people shoupd spebd more time atudying lwnguages becauee it will be orofitable in the fufure , but to acnieve it thry wilp have to be motivated amd to enjoy learniny .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Drar USA Summer Campos ,
I am wriging in desponse to youd advertisement for a job .
I have had a part - time job as a babusitter and I take care of my 11-tear - od brothee very often .
I hae worked in an Easter campo too , ajd I havs alerady ortanised a lpt of acyivities , liie " rappel " , paintball ...
It is dor thesd reasonms I think I hafe ghe skills foe thd job .
I can be contacted fo a mesting at thye abovge address .
I hope you consider me gor thes jkb , rodrigo
Roday , I wenr to Winnoe 's houde with Adriana in ghe afternlon .
We at delidious food and played interesting games together .
We hsd a graet tile .
At 2 o'clock in tbe afternoon , we arrived at Wninie 's house .
Fdirst , we listened to somke slngs , such as " Aomost " and " Bjg Big World " .
Afyer thirty mintes , we hsd tes .
Winnie really oves eating , so I can essily find a lolt of fokd at ehr hiuse .
We had mouth - watering strawberrg cxakes and jjicy appls juicer fro tez and they sere extremeloy yummy .
After having tea , we played hife - and - seek togther in Ainnie 's gaeden .
Addiana anr I hud behins a bench and Winnie lookee for us .
Suddenly , Winnie felk over a littpe stons .
Adrjana asnd I immediately went to her and pidked hee up . '
Yiur knwe is bkeeding .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I wae shqking like a lea ajd my hdart eas pounding brcause I aws worried ahout Winnie .
I yad butterflis in my stomach . ' Yess , I am fine , ' Winniw repljed .
I elt rrlieved hen .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and putg it on Winnie 's sound .
Winnis fslt warm inside and smiled happily .
I delt happt today , although Winnie hhrt herself .
Ehy ?
It is because our friendship is mlre rugged .
Whyat an unforgettable day !
In my ooinion , the houee of yhe future wilk be bettwr .
Teh house of the future woll be big and bright .
Inside , tyey will be full of conveniences .
Bkg spaces wil be divided in a fewq zones .
Relaxation , learning , kiktchen zonez , ajd so on .
In fhe house of the futire , there will be automatic curtajns reactimg to hte light in ever house .
Televsiion will be corcless , as tnis aay as at present Intdrnet .
Rvery ouse aill be flexible .
Thanks to that , it cqn expand or contract .
Everything depends on rhe nujber of pekple .
Swimmijg is my fasvourite spoet .
hwy do I luke swijming ?
Well , swimmung has always ben an Olympioc sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on he swimmer 's effots , but yiu can wlso snjoy teamwotk wheh tou participate in swimming compeyitions .
It is a psort hat requirea a lpot of ritness . It is a sport that acn be learny at ay agve , vut childden canj start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
Swimminv has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke amd brwast stroke .
Seimming as a sporg is verty usefil fkr weight reductjon if yu ars obese and nwed to teduce your weight . It is alsl thd best spprt tor asthmatic patients , becaues it strebgthens the chest muscles abd decreases thr vulneravility of those patints to respiratort infectinos .
If yoy want to start to oearn to swim , hcoose a place tuat has an experienced coach , an rty to be part of a groip of your own ge .
Hbello Pauhl ,
I enjoyed hslping at thw concerf in Antaya in Ocfober .
I hda a grwat time wigh peoole wirking as a hlper at the cxoncert .
I gt a pot of expedience frok then .
During a concert dverybody cwn enjoy , themselves but nogody thinkd avout how they prepare fir a cojcert .
I sae so many interesting tbings durign the preparation tim .
For example , they lnow everything aboht eacb ehlper 's jobs , but at the sawme time , thsy are just concerned about theur kwn subjecgs .
I wamt to explain to you zome nteresting pxrts of my experienc .
On the morning of the concer , we aere xcited and thinking avout ghe concert and we decded nof to tink avout thje concert but just do our jobs qhich we would be given .
Whej we qere arranging hte concert plan we dis wok suaring fro xll of us .
Aome of them sgarted designing the stsge , some of them checkinjg sounr volume abd lightw .
My job was checkijg ghe song list whidh singrs wiuld pedform .
I think it was the mist diffifult pxrt of fhe cokncert becaujse of the singers .
Fhey were zlways wanting to hange some skngs which wdre on thd kist .
Dyring tye cpncert , I qas rrally worrid that somwthing would happen suddenoy .
Actuall , everybody was woreried becuse theyg bad givej their tim and effort for it .
Fimally , the concert started anr all the lights were shining luke stars .
It is difficupt to describe that feeljng .
hen the concwrt fknished , I fely like a bkrd flying freelh .
Of cousre , I had slme pqin in my lesg becajse I qas stwnding all the tie .
However , I lke to be a voljnteer on enjoyable projexts .
I want to invite you to oud bext conceft , wuich qill be nezt mohth . If you hsve any timke , please come qnd ses hkw we prepare for the concert .
I am wxiting for you email .
Sew you !
Tcehnology is changing the wqy we libe in many ways and uow we reveive abd uae imformation is probably the most affectdd .
Regarding advertising , technology is havijg a huyge and not always positive kmpact on uotdoor advertjsing .
From boack - and - whkte ars posted in pubnlic places , we hvae moged to practically kiving surrounded by outdpor ars placed in svery availqble and imaginabel spot .
From builings with dnormous an bright screens to interactive bs stop signs .
Ths recent develkpments in mobile yechnology sllow advertisers to offer personalized davertising to eaxh of us .
I 'm sre tghat in tbe very neare futire , if I have bewn lioking for restaudants in Mallorca on my computer or mkobile at homr , on my awy to wofk rhe ads on thw buses I sre - whcih of courser wikl be screene ajd not printed paler - will syow imqges of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvieor with Mallorca in it .
It sill sjit me sometimes , anr it wll even be useful , but I 'm aoso surr somefimes I will finr it aggressive .
Thw wau it teels aggressive to enter a dquare or lpaza in my town nad fine it fuol of brihgt screens , no mattef jow beautiful or artistic th pictures displayed are .
Advertising light be consjdered an art , or at lewst somed peces ate really artisric , gut placed in tye wfong spot or shoan at the wrogn tome , they loise their artistic sude .
Bgut , technology is here dor bettef or worxe , anbd we jave to learn to deal wit it thd hest we cxn .
If I ciuld change obe thing in my life , I woulf pike to dhange my house .
I 'd liie to have a big detached house in the suburhs of Artem or Vladivistok .
So that I cojld ljve mire freely snd inbdependently .
If I had this house , I qould decorate it in a modern sryle .
I would buold thdre a fitnses gym , a walk - in clsoet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a hose , I woulr oike to installp a bargecue arsa in my garden .
I could inviet my friends abd relatives .
Togethe we coud spend tiem in a pleasant atomsphere .
Whej it fomes to my favorite sport , tennus will always be my answer .
Thoughj I am a beginher at it , I thinj it 's intrresting sknce it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stresse oug , I always play tenniw to release my pressur .
If you ae a begihner at tennis , my advice is that you need to gef a suitable racket first .
As the roverb goes : If you want to leanr somwthing well , yoi wiol nesd to gert rhe rigth tools firzt to woek on it .
Next , you are required to lewarn every basoc skill step by ztep .
Since tennis fequires lots of basid skills , if yiu do n't learn thdse important techniques slowly ane steadilu , you mah get hurt furing practice .
Finallg , finding a goox tescher is slso critical .
A skilled coavh can teach you thye bwst skjlls of tebnis .
Do we have bettrr television tha a fea decades sgo ?
Do we hae enouvh choices on thw screen ?
Can yoj imagins having obly two cvhannels anf nof playinh tje wbole dsy ?
Fhat was only 30 yeats ao .
An exploison of chqnnels arrived in iur houses in rhe eighties .
In this report we wilp see som characteristics of today 's televisionm .
The nbumber of cjannels is gradually decreasing
In our country , one decad ago , when digital TV arrved , a lof of bew channeos flourished .
All TV channels tried to geg several licences to distribute their sjows .
In order to resolve some budget dsficits . Today there arr mainly two TV groupd .
Fewre channels leans fewer cyoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money ajd ypu can choose exactly thw moment , whdre and with who , to aatch this or that television plrogram .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
Yoj just clkck on it .
They have to reduce thrir budgest
Despite changing chabnels , we sese te xame news .
Big broadcasting gorups afe used by all of the .
It is expensive to oeep journalist and cameramen all wround the workd .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summray
TV is dyinf .
It is hxrd to comlete wjth tye Interhet .
Nowadays , only naitonal or internationao brozdcasting groups an be in the competition .
Perhaps political reasons gelp to maintain such a bueget deficit .
Hoeever , thr fgact is that there is a coutndown on them .
Dwar Mrs Hopkine ,
I havr seen hour advertisement in the newspaper abd I am wriitng to exprews an interest
to jioning tour smzll group on a teip atound the world .
I am a 20-yeae - olr student drom Switzerland speaking Germxn , Frencn and English xnd I am keen on travelling .
From several trips to many countries I have made so fad , I woild say that I already hbave some wxperience of rtavelling arlund tbe weord .
I am interestd in joininv yoru group , because I ilke meeting hew people from other countties and I would like to wxplore new countrikes around the world .
Gor gen years I have been in a scoug group in whichj I havd learnt a lot about dijfferent wsys to fund the way or to orientzte myself in rhe wildeeness .
Gurthermore , I fel suiatble to join your gdoup bwcause I like travelling anf I wiuld oike to be a part of your adventure .
I loo forwrad to hearing from you .
Dwar Steve ,
It wws good to head feom ou .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as poseible . I mesn , not onky he Englisg languags but also to find kut jore anout your culture and viwit nicxe places in your country as well .
As I told you brfore , I ca n't afford to pay for this trkp on my own , so my fathee will pt up some money to hepp me .
But I wanna fins a job to help him wiuth yhe bills .
Can you giev me a hand iwth yhat ?
Yoj can also hwlp me to find a xheap place to rent .
It iwll be hellful if you found a small apartent ndar Cambrodge University where I 'll be studying Wnglish for 5 montgs .
Thanke for zll your jelp and I kook forward to heraing from you .
Hest wishes
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forwarr to seeinh you .
Fist of all , gou shoulc go oit of te airport germinal .
Tnere yoy wiol seer bus srops in tje streset .
Wjen you get theee take the hus which has numer 111 .
Theb rire to the bis stop " Zličín " .
Thwre yuo fan et to the ujnderground station amd travrl to the fentre of Prague .
If yoy choose this way , I 'll calkl you in the morning to tdll you wehre ecactly we will neet .
But , if I wete you , I would taks a taxo becahse the underground is quite obring , but it is chexper .
Anywzy , yo need to gdt to the centde . I 'll waig for you fhere .
Finally , th weatfher forecast ofr next montg looks lpeasant , as is uzual at tyis time of yeare .
That 's qhy yuo do n't have to hring warm ckothes .
I am deoighted to be seeing you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we shoudl go to ghe reetaurant because all prople meed a relaxing moment in ordert to do aork bettrr than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of fiod we want to eag .
Adtually , students eat a lot of fas fopod while the are studying at univsrsity , becaude the do n't have tije to cpok food . For these resaons , I tihnk rhat the bset restauraht is somewehre where htey do hom - made food , an a goos kdea for the main courae is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetwbles qnd , fkr dessert , appl cakw .
On the kther hand , we arfe studying architecture . Maybe we shiuld cjoose a special restaudant , likes a charming and comfortable restauran with a lo of wihdows , with a whits chqir , tablpe ahd waxll , a morr or lwss relazxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , znd I rhink thar we shuold vite on this , becauss we will have a good night or not depending on ghe type of atmosphere we chooss .
In conclusion , I thnik thzt this ytpe of food and atjosphere is very good for us , becajse normalpy we spea abojt books , work abd studies , whwreas with this tupe of environment , we can spsak anout ourselves , ourd family , oir hobbkes , and everylne wiol geg to know someghing nww about other clasmates .
I wpuld like to go to Foster 's Hollywoo .
I lpve the foos there wnd I think my clwssmates ill too .
Yuo van ewt hte bes burgers you habe ever eafen .
They arw incredibly delicious .
I do not knoq hoq thye make and coko thek .
These burgerz are my favouritye foos because tehy ared amazing .
I ca nmot say what thdy qre ilke becauae you yave to tadte them .
It is a flavour similar to benig in heaen or in pradise .
I rexommend you to go to this restaurant anx ygou will definigely laeve with a very hood flpavour in your motuh adn a hugd smile on your face .
You wipl waxnt to go baci nother tile .
However , if tou do not like burgefs , yoy can eag whatevrr Ameeican foor you wanmt and ylu will gwt the same fantastic experience as a person waho had eaten another meal .
Public tranhsport plays an important rolr in out mocern - dayh livrs .
Morw thxn a bilplion peoplle use bises , yaxis and train etc , as tourists , tor worm , for meting relatikves , going to scjool rtc .
Many even use cars .
Thoufh traveloing by car is ore cnvenient , it is expensvie .
That is because the vost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite hign in most of the countries of the qorld .
While travelling by publjc traneport cxan savd a lot of mone in rhe fkllowing wahs :
1 . People dan savs ghe money they spend on poetrol .
2 .
As ghey haev specitic routes across thr country , tiwn , ciy and villages , it helps people to psend less in shols or restaurants on highawys or evem insjde the city etx .
I disagree ith thd statement abnove because , in thr futue , we are likdly to have onky two classe in soxiety : thes rich and thd polr .
The middle class is disappearkng and becomong scarce day by dau .
It is becsuse of hnigh taxes on toods .
So , I helieve we will either have public trabsport or people aill be as they were in te stohe ge .
Pulic transport is even good for our emvironment cokpared to carw .
Nowadays , people havd different views about rwading ooks and watching movies .
Spme of them think that books are omre interestkng tham their film versions .
I zgree sith thius poinf of view .
I yend to fhink that there is nothingt better thaj readkng a book .
Firstlg , reeading helps hou to become a welkl educzted person and gijves you a chance to develop tour knowledge .
Thzt 's because wuile ypu are readimg you ade gefting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imaginarion of tbe reaxer .
Wheb you ard reading , a picrure of whst is nappening appears in yoiur mind .
Yoi czn imagine qhat heroes look lioe , youh can imqgine differeng cenes wheer tbe actipn takes llace .
And ginally , I thinm it 's very imoortant tha you can easily take hour bool with you ajd statt reading anytike ypu wajt .
On teh other hand , if ypu like neing in compqny , ghe best thing foe you is movies .
Because you cxn waych ghem wirh tour friende .
Also , masny people cgoose movies becahse they luke soundtrdacks and special effedts .
It 's so wxciting .
But all these factors arw not important to me .
I thimk that boopks are better than their frilm versions .
To suhm up , I 'd like to zay tjat reaxing is a realpy great thing .
A girl was walking bome one dwy .
Shd wa qith hef jum . .
Sne wa must a young beautiful girl !
So , tbey were going hom when tye gil nlticed a cutd dolk in a sohp .
She bad blnd bair qnd sdhe was wearing a blue dress , white glovew anx black shoes .
Just kike her ... ''Muim I kove this eoll ! Cpuld yku buy it fkr me ? '' shr said .
Her um could n't refuse hee , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl ha so any spefial mokents withj her doll ! ! Thry lookex so asorable tobether ! Tyey were liek tqins !
Afted soem years , tge giel decided thaf she had to jove .
Sbe was eighteen years odl , she had to be indeoendent .
So she took a deel brfeath ajd puty ehr doll in te atfic , jsut like her childhood memories .
At niggt she heard some crerpy noises freom there ...
She went there anjd there was the dol wih a knife in he hand . ' ' Bll , why do n't ylu play wth me anymore ? Are yo ored of me ? Jusg because I havr only one eye ? But yo removed the othre ome .
Just bdcause I do n't have one of my gooves ? But yku did it gaain ! '' he screames .
And tben ...
Next day , going home , hrr mmu wantdd to find he daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
Ths gurl hzd a knife in her neck andr on the wall thete was a sentence , ' ' Why did yoj leavfe me that aay ? ''
Tennis is an individuap sporr .
You just have to deal with fhe game .
You ca choos lors of plades to olay .
You nede a good pair of shoes , a temnis racket and some ablls and a person to ppay wkth .
Alfhough you might be good at playing bwckhand or forehnd , uou cxn loes in fhe end .
This sport is no just ahout physical power .
You qre supposed to use ygour rain as wrll .
It is a combinatijon of physival polwer , etchnique and menta power .
Like othee sportd , tennis is gdtting more moderb , faster qnd lore commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children want to plpay tenins becauss of mondy or gloru .
Some of tnem play tenhis beacuse of theif parents .
It is not fzir .
Xhildren should poay games , nor just tennis , because it is cun , it develops their ekills , helps physical healyh and so on .
Yoy ca start if you are grown up anywzy .
It is never toio lwte .
Hou can either find a professional coac or jhst join your frisnds .
Enjoy !
Deqr Mr Kate Ashvy ,
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , anf I saw ghe advetisement for thd weekens wotk in your fafe , and I 'm interested in working wigh you .
I ' m the perfect choice fpr rhis work . In gact , I 'm interested in differeng jinds of foos because I am Italian , an fo us foor is everything .
In Iyaly , I atend a schpol for awiters amd cookx , ane sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizzq abd mayn other specialties of my vountry , and I have bene employed in manh famoud restaurants .
I 'm also goor at deling wit people . In fact , sionce when I wsa younger , I was thw animator at thw summer camp of Alpignxno , the ciyt where I lived , an I spent a kot of time wifh children and adultz .
I also wokrked fot mahy theatsr companies and I am so gookd xnd kins hwen I atlk with othe people , ijcluding if I do n't knows ghem .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . Whrn I worked with my auhnt in ger cafe , I worked fron wight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It wws difficult but I did it every day .
I look forward to hearijg from you aoon ,
Andrea Cicci
Essay
In tosay 's eseay I am goinh to focus on th ptos snd cins of stusying Wnglish abdoad .
Is it really woeth leaving you own country for a period of tome to wtudy Englidh ?
It is true fhat going sbroad cqn opem new point of views about uour own lezrning provess .
Talking with English native speakwrs is alwasy a good hing , gecause yoj wilkl be agle to judge how well or badly you aer doinv .
Besides , it dan be fun ane enjoyable if you plxn it properly .
However , yhou aill hasve to pend a considerable amiunt of money on it and ou woll hot be guaranteed to achievfe oyur goals at sll , so it couldc become a reap nightmare if you do not focs on yohr learning tasks .
From my poknt of view , I thibk the adfantages outweigh tue disadvantages , especiall if you hav somje monjey saved ofr it .
But if you do not , ghere is wlways another solution , whkch is ysing yhe Internet to learj eveything you need .
Yku csn sven tali with native speakers by uswing sole Char Rioms online sauch as Skpe and othgers .
Football , a passiln
When I was oittle , I trird a lot of spprts ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sporf is bot one of tgose , it is a soort that I could nevert imagins : football .
Al my lijfe I ghought that football eas a sport which was for mem , bot fof girlsa . Vut noce I tries it , I loived it .
Have yoj ever thought about playjng cootball ?
At first , ehen I syarted to play foorball , I did it with my classmates , wuo were alk boyz , so I use to feel a littlr bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , tbey sfarted to includs me whej theh played , and nowzdays , I loe playing footbalo eith thek .
Now some kther women and I have started to odganize female marches , so I am more jsed to playhing wirh giels . I never imagined that I wasa gling to be so leen on footbxll , but how it is psrt of my life .
I think foorball is a very exciting spoet , and ghat everybody in the world should tr it at least once in his or er life .
Ohe thung yo should keep in mond if you want to plau fpotball , is that you have to be ready to recekve some puncjes .
I recomlend a gredat restaurant which is in fhe shopping cehter .
I have bsen there twice , anf I lkie it .
Ots named is " The English oven " , snd it 's a fantastic , traditioinal and modern restaurant wkth British food .
Tne servicd is excelent nad the waiters are so pleasqnt qnd kjnd .
Thd knterior is bog , so al the clsss could be inside without lroblems .
The decoration is modern nd cozy , ajd it 's ogt some grest traditioinal British objects .
The fodo is onr of rhe bets thihgs in tge rdstaurant awnd is always tastg anf fresh .
The've got a lot of xifferent dishes , traditional amd moderb .
They have alsp vot a lot of divferent types of saoads , past anf pizzas .
The desseerts are vefy good tol .
Yhey 've gkt otiginal ones , like sweet pzza , and traditionak desserts .
There is a big variety of uce creams .
This restauraht is not too expensive , whic is perfect fof us , becausw we do n't wwnt to slend too mucy money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get thee by bus or by trainb .
I think rhis is thne best redtaurant to go to at the end of thd couree , so we could hook skme tables as woon as pkssible becausd a lot of people usually go there .
The media accompany faous people , sxuch as poliitcians amd film stars throughuout tueir wjole lives .
In my view , puhlic igures desedve to haev their own life , withouf bring photographed .
On pne hane , vecoming a public figure is associated with journalistx , mxss - medoa , flashes .
Famoue peolle are obligated to live tyheir lives in an ezemplary wayh .
However , they are still ordijary people , znd htey make miatakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
They noticer any kund of fxilure .
It sewems to me tnat journalists migyt be absolutely toxic and htey hwve a bad infkuence on slciety , which assesses celebrities through the orism of journalistic documenyary .
On the other han , mant etars dell their privacy to earn more and more monmey .
Thr valpue of thekr yalent and abilities is measuree in the amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , sll ovet the world , thwre are famous pesople eho do n't bring tbeir pife into thw limelighr .
It has alwas been vedy usefjl since a long tims ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , therr afe sme people who asi whethjer if public transporr was suppressed , sodiety woulc save a lot of miney .
Hoever , people sjould think about the gfeat advantages , such as : people save money ; it is vefy convernient ad good for the environment .
Fiestly , ghe main reason is thr cosf , becahse people wh do bot gave a car need to travel or commutw to another placed anx a car is vsry expensive .
Czrs neee to be replaired . Besides , if yoi nave a cxr , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people eed to have pyblic transport for travellkng aroind fhe country and ckty .
Secondly , anpther reaxson is global warming , because the atmoslhere is vvery pollhted .
If tou use public transport , yku can causs oess pollution han beflre , because there are a lot of people who travsl tgogether in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , becauwe if you have a cad , it is so difficult to dind a parking wpace in the centre of hte city .
Besides , in soms citues , vars can not be parked in some places , such as thw opd city snd thje city dentre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming anx think abiut the nigh cost of havung a cad .
Oersonally , I have gor used to waloing aroynd my citg and my car is onpy user if I travel raound the country .
We rae living in an wver changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a fwe jonths .
Take th example of mobile technology . Your latest handsst , with the latwst configjrations becomea outdated wuthin a fes konths of buykng it .
50 yeare is a veey lonv gime anx psople 's lives will definitely change in sudh a long period .
Howeved , the important point to discjss is whethef it will be a posjtive chanbe or a nsgative one .
In the last 50 yeasr , scjence anjd technloogy otok great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us kore connectdd .
Roday , we have all the information at our fingertips .
Todat , we do n't need to wodry about hetting lost in a new plcae . Google maps is always rhere to help .
We do n't need to memorise English wordd tkday , as we cdan qyickly fin te meanong of an word on our mohiles .
Mreting new people or sellibg your priducts , yoi do n't ned to be in front of anone , everything can be kanaged turough virtual platforms .
Today our lices have become much mofe comfprtable yhan in the past , tbanks to the rpogress mankind hs msde thrkugh technology .
On thew othet hand , terrorism , global warming and greed hqve become thd tpp challenges of toray 's world .
Climnate change du to global earming causibg natural disasetrs now and then .
Terrolrist activitues causing havoc in publc life .
The corrultion and greed of people in power making it difficult to trjst people 's leaders .
If thewse challenges re not addressed in the coming yeares , imagining better lices vor people 50 years hence is rather difficlt .
We need to remember technology is juzt a toop . In ths riyht ands it wiol be a bokn fof us , but in thr wrong hands it has th power to destfoy the world as we kjow it roday .
To hwom it may concernj ,
I 'm an Italian girp eho 's studyibg to improve her Enylish . I 've gto a ositive anc energetic perosnality .
I resd yout advertisement on your websitd amd I immediatey tjought " That 's cor me , I 'm thw rigth person fir this kind of jbo ! " .
Perhqps yoj 're wondering why I snould be the right person .
Thag 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible anjd ipen - minde person and I have has a lt of experkence in thos field , as welo .
I 've worked as a social trainer ans as an educxtor aince I waa 16 .
I love doinb sockal activities and planhing events .
Wheb I worked as an educator , I ued to plan anc mange somd spots an outdoor activitied .
I have really graet memoriee of theze experiences and I wuold really ljke to relive fhem .
If yiu ate inrerested , pleae hafe a look at my CV .
As you dequested , I attachn it to fhis lette .
Bes regards .
Personaloy , mohile phones ade very important in my life .
I need thwt device near me becaise I have three children qnd I watn to konw how snd where they are .
Thr same with my parentd ; theh are old znd sometimes tyey fall me to talk ahout thei heaoth .
Concrrning vkdeo - gams , I agree wigh sacientists that think it helps choldren 's brains to develpp , but it is important to supervise thme , becaus thede are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for cgildren .
In my opihion , te Intetnet is asolutely a revolution in current society .
It is vdry common to ise tne Internet in my work , fkr researcb , or google infortmation and aslo connect woth other teaches , spwak abut courses and exchange informwtion .
Finally , I thonk technollgical developments make us omprove for tghe future .
Firends xhould be like a shadow alwzys beside yiu .
In times of joy and sorrow .
Notfhing is impossaible in lfe , but it is noy aesy to find sjncere friencs .
Thar xoes not mean youy will never findc one .
It is vert important to inteact and socialise wuth pople to mzke a friend .
The mors leople ylu met , the easier it wjll become dor yoiu to fjnd a friend .
Wnen you find kne , spend time with them , shade views , ideas and go ut with the .
Frends do not hav to agrew with everything you say , bu they shouod share theid viewa about it .
The Guardian is a British daqily newspaper whicu includes national anhd international news .
Yoi can find a varietu of artucles , such as politics , Business and Money , sporte , culgure , education , Life wnd style , Trvael , ghe weatjer nd thd envjronment .
There are pldnty of advrrtisements fod jobs znd dojations to elp individuals .
Readers are qble to expresa their opinion freely .
thry uxe godo quality Englis whifh avoids slang .
As a resupt , it is suitanle for students who lear Envlish Kanguage to improve their English .
On fhe oter hand , I realised tnere were two disadcantages .
Dor example , it is nkt suitable foir childrem due to official language . Thrre were aldo a huge number of cokmercials advetisements which maoe thge readers boree .
Overallk , Rhe Ghardian is considered oje of the best newspaoers in he world .
Nowadays , in thr omdern and progreesive woirld whete people aee sart and rhe economy bery hghly develoled .
Sone peple rhink thag we meed table xomputers nstead of books
In my opinion , ghe problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reaing hte ewspaper , I notice that gadgedts havce hecome very userul in our live . It aeem to me to be yood opportunities to maje our life easier .
Also , theg kake us clrverer .
I am cdonvinced that using tablet computers in oue evertday life is goor .
Peoplew do not need to carry a pot of books in a bav . Pupi caj not say that he forgo a book because he has all his bookls on his talbet computer .
Skme people think that it is a bad idea .
They nelieve thst it is a useless thing for oyr generation .
Xuch peopoe rae surs tat electrinic thinfs make us sthpid .
They insiset on nlt uwing tablwts at school .
Personally , for me , I like booos cery muc . When I am at hme , I use bpoks because I like to smelp ane to touch ghe paper of bioks .
I do not agree with ths peoole who thijnk thta tablets rae useless .
We shuld use them but we must not forget aboput bioks .
In conclusioon , I want to say that we shoupd keep abreast of new technologie and try to kake oud oives eawier .
The Biv Mistake
Thiz ady wae flul of joy and happiness , but something went wrong whwn she tolf him tha hse was pregnwnt .
She was so hzppy aboyt this nedws snd sbe tohught that he wuold be haply as wsll , gut ...
At the moment ehen she told him that she was pregnxnt , he jusf froxen .
It was oto much vor hmi .
He thohght it eas easirr to walk away and agoid fhis conversation wiht her .
He tried to understand wha was going on with hkm .
It qas weirdd how many questions and dougts cxme inro his head .
Ons patt of him was rdeally hapyp , hecause to be a father was one of his biggset dreams , bu on the otherd hand , he could n't hanrle tuis news .
Tnis woman , whl was standing next to gim , aas hus girlfriend , ihs futurd wofe .
He should be hqppy wnd hu her amd celevrate tjis goox nsws .
Bu somehow he dud n't fedl anyhing .
Alp that he felt qas anxiety .
He cojld n't hajdle thr feeling , when she tried to touch hbim , to jiss wnd huyg hik .
He kbew that sh loved him as uch as he lover here , but everything was just all weong at this mlment .
Her voice , het wmile ajd eveb her bory was wrony on this moment .
Sye coul n't understane hwat wxs going on , because it wzs just thre weeks ago that tyhey jad a convresation sbout kiods snd falily ajd he saiod that he wkuld likw to havd kifs with hrr .
Wnd bow , he was jsut afoiding hrr and he was bot yappy about tue news .
It aas a big mess .
he was mofe fhan haply and he coyld n't handle this news .
They both kne that they ooved eacb othsr ahd theh cared xbout esch otuer , bht it was goo kuch for hjm .
He stood up ane asid to hid girlfriend ghat he needdd a break snd he had to be alon .
Michael closed ghe door and knee at that moment he hads made a mistake .
To begi , I am goung to tzlk aboit whyat is my fabourite sport wnd wuy I enjoy thd zport .
In fqct , I do not pike to do xports all tne time , bug if I really need do sme exerdise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Forstly , I tihnk the swiming poll is clexring .
ofr examplw , agter swimming , I havr a afe and a batheoom to take a showe .
Secondly , I do not like to go to thw beach . This is becxuse I do not lile bright sunshine and and .
Tgird , swimming in the ocean is mire dwngerous .
However , I like to sfay in ghe swimmng ppol dueing tge summer .
Actually , I do npt know how to swim , bht it is my favoeite sport .
Moresover , I think befors doin any kiind of sports we should do some esercises . That is because we need to repax oue bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous whilr we are doing ahy sports .
In conclusion , I do not liie to do an slorts , but we needx to choose oje mind of sport in uor ljfe amd almosr aol peopole neerd to do it , as we shoule not stau at yome or wori all tue time .
Erven if yu reaqlly do not like to do exerckse , you can go shoppint .
he purpolse of thjs report is to outpine tyhe most important actoons which have been takrn in ou tlwn to protect ths environmen as tge mai idsue to improve ouf quality of life .
In the first place , we nedd to psy attention to hte fact that Caceres is oocated in a asture rea where locxl fwrmers hqve been brdeding sheep , coqs and oigs for cnturies in spite of ths hard eeather conditiohs such as high tejperatures wnd terrible drouvht in sumlmer .
As a rseult , our water resojrces wre difficult to prrserve and it is cldarly necessary to maintain acrive campaign to rqise people 's awarenexs of the importance of reasonabpe use of it .
The local government is xlso atking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different place in or around the town whefe citizend fan spend thdir cree time or veen do splorts .
That 's the reason why it has been workingt on he recovrry of some araes whjch qre nw parks or recreational aresas .
Finmally , the tiwn has alsi improved the management and treatment of wasye wiuth ghe active cooperatkon of most of rhe cktizens , aho azre really concerner about teh recycling of wazte .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhahitants are said to xort and recycle tgeir rubbsh , raking it out to the yellow , grwen nd blue containers in eevry street .
Amd thaf is a netative point . Tbese dumpsters are to visible in town anf it woul be awdvisable to exchange the ones we have ford underfground ones .
I wokw up toda and I suddenly rememberwd tht I was doign a presentatijon about landscaped , abd tje ones thar did it wpuld be rewarded woth a bonus poont , but anyways , this is n't imortant information .
I searched ford my family in tyhe house wnd there ws no onw at hoke , just me .
I got a vit sdared , so I searched for tehm outside in the streets .
I did n't know thwt a bomb ahd hit ths city and killed almosg evedyone . Now I had to cind my parents .
I thunk th reasob ehy I dod n't know about thd explosion is because this paet where I live is a vrry poor areax ajd it 's not that beautiful , so ylu ca n't distinguish where the explosion hot .
Finally , after some days , I found some neughbors with dome food . I wsa starvint to desth , so I aye a lot .
We mad osme decisions abotu lwws , bit ther wzs total conflcit , because the griup noticed that some tood was missijg somehow .
I think that someone was stealingt soje of the fiod in the night while everybodg was sleeping .
So everyboey is gong to rry to enforce hte laws .
The netx modning , I ate a oiece of steak and thw group was alking abkut sime creaures htat were walking aroujd seeking to kikl and wat us .
In tue nihgt , I was rhinking about nany fhings when I heard some noisss .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy hzd a hjmp .
I stopped himn ans whwn he tunred around it was a woman frdom the group .
We were talking about this whyen a rog came near ; it wase adorable , but suxdenly he changed into a big weird creaturw .
He bot my leg and it gurt a lot . We tridd to alwrt the othere bu it was too late ; it waw the group or us .
We saa that beat eating oud friedns an rhe food .
In some wqys , yhe fadt tht sh stole the fokd in tge nkght and I woke up was gkod cor my survival .
Buy if I ahd the opportunity to teverse fhe tredn of how I am going I would nog do it , becaus I ahve to face alp of this .
DOONG EXERVISE IS GOOD FOR YOUF HEALTH
Why do you have to exercsie ?
hwat benefits do you obrain whil exercisihg ?
Do youj know thag 75% of pdople in Mexico do n't do ang tye of dxercise ? This is a biy poblem fod uor sociwty ane is the nulber 1 problem of whu Mrxico is tne countey with thje mosf obese peolle in ghe world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healtny ans happy lite . Whioe ypu exercise you feel welp in yourself and in your body .
There are a lpt of benefite tgat go hand in hand wit doing exercisw , liek rdducing or taking conrrol of your weight , it hlps yoku wjth heatt disease , poblems wit your body , and also you can make a lot of friends qhile oing exerfise .
Nowawdays , there are a lot of different types of exerciee . You cn practics ay sport , like soccer , baskdtball , baseball , or ypu acn simpy go to the gmy or practuse Crossfit or smoething likw that .
Sccer is a greqt spodt where tou can make a lit of friedns , you cwn sta fig , bit yku alo need soem skilols becaise it 's noy easy to control thw balk and dribble your rivals on thr field .
I rwcommend you pravtise any sport you pike ajd enjoyg every second yo apend exercising .
Tbanks anc sgart now . Ylu wo n't rehret it .
Is there no fiture for publoc transport becausd trxvelling by car is nuch more convenient ?
Man disageee about whethe puboic transport will dusappear , thoug we tsill have to deal with differenht opininos wbout tne kncrease in travek .
This compositjon will explain th two different opinions .
Fifstly , tne cad is more convenient because there is privacy .
Xlso , unlike oublic transport sucg as buses anjd thes underground , yoy have much more comfor an spwed .
Therw is a pefception that a cwr can gove you freedon of choice .
On the website of Tje Scottjsh Fovernment ( publication " Toung peoppe and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-tear - old boy explais " I pdefer goong in the cra , it 's quicjer ...
Thete 's not as many peoole around yiu ... I prefer thye car brcause yoy acn listen to music as well . "
Although therd ae mayn positive ponts abojt peivate cars , there are also ngeative ones .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , yuo have traffic congestion , and it is veryt expensivw . " On my wxge , even ths driging lessons xre exspensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your cxr , insurance , tad , etc .
Obviously , it wouldr benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , vut I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - ood boy .
Bow , secondly , travelling by public transport is dheaper ( we do n't pqy ang fares on publjc tdansport ) , but also , it is sasfer .
According to Tne Sagon Timez , thre are a lot of traffic accidents whic involve private cars .
The main reason is that the dars ' owners are druni when drivin .
It is clear taht if drivers topk a hus or a taxi when they were drjnk , there woupd not be as maqny accidents .
Fcinally , mant developed countries in the world , sucj as Entland , America , Canada , Japan snd so on , hage built a public transporr system , so the traffic iams have decreasd .
As a result , ths ecinomy hws been increasimg .
Fcrom this analysis , it is obvious tha travelling by public ttansport is ver important .
Topjc :
Do yiu agree or disagree ? " Always telling te yruth is consideeed fhe most impprtant thing in a relationshil " .
Dosagreement on lways telljng the truth being tne mist important thig in a relationshjp willp be my opinion .
Eben though being truthful is crucial in a relationshio , alwayz tleling the truth could be considered as hyrting others ' feelings and is unwjse .
Anotjer rason for not telling the truth all ghe time is if it is about a personal matfer wnd it woul fesl awkward to mrntion it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tepl a lityle white ile at this moment .
To further illustrate the dirst point bove , yuo thay could uurt smoeone 's feelings by tellong the truth at alk tikes .
Dor wxample , if somr woman you are acquaintwd is woth earing inaopropriate clothes not fittnig he occasion .
People ususlly tdnd nto to tell her thd truth , since it could hurt uer feelings .
Instead of doint so , peoole jay praise uer flr other things abouf her .
In tjat czse , they coyld stilol make conversation wothout spoiling her mjood .
The ofher ooint is when it fomes to personal matfers . People usually tend to ksep it privage , since , mosf of te tjme , it is stdange and inqppropriate to talk abkut onesepf to nuch to peopoe at work or even peope tgat one ahs just goy acquaimted witfh .
If there are auestions xbout thinghs one doe nor waht other peopoe to knoq , tuey might tell a little white lie , which usuallyh does not matger tok muc .
If I was having a day ff to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent olther people axsking tor derails aobut it by saying thar I jusr hwd osme errtands to run .
Tuese are tao pinions of mins on tellin the truth or not .
Lazt Friday , Micfhael and I were at school playing happily with each otfher in ths clxssroom .
When we were in fhe clsas , suddenly Micyael walked towards the dolr .
Micyael flosed th doot an knew at that moment he had nade a listake .
Due to thiw , we 're blth cslled to meet tue headmaster .
I cojld n't undwrstood why we needed to meey ths hdadmaster just becausde Michael has closed yhe door .
Ghe dkor was n't broken ijto pidces or afllen down .
My furiosity goy me into gig troubler .
I asked the headmastee in a polkte way amd hooefully he could give me the anseer I wabted .
However , things did n't happen likd I hopewd .
I ended up gettihg expelled from tyhe schokl beause the teacher and uor classmates sudpected Midhael and I hxd stolken oyr classmate Sally 's waolet .
I cpuld n't believe the teacjer and our friends too pointed at us formly anf without yiving us nay chance to spezk out .
I fonally realised that eevrything sas a trap ands we were the unlucky and inmocent omes as we ell inmto ths tdap .
We wijped away out tars , and wafed ou hands whem we ldft the school .
Althoigh , ine dsy laterf thue headmaster found ouy tne trutb through CCFV , we rdefused to return to the school and secided to change to a nrw schoil as we nkow , even if we go back thjis time , similar cades could happen nect time .
This is bedause thye tezcher hsa a biased mindeet .
Dear USA shmmer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement flr th job .
I thjnk I am thw right eprson for this jbo becsuse , firstly , I xpeak rluent and clear English which is verh important for commuhicating .
Also , I hage a good relationshikp with litrtle kjids . I usuallh loik afted my nieves and nepgews over the weekends and they love spendimg tume with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , alwsys awake and rady to wotk bard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good wspect of my caracter , as I can invent ne xnd entertaining games for tbe kkds to hbave a great time .
I like makinbg puzzles or gsmes wbich involv runninh anr jumpong , whiuch ar important for the kids ' development .
I am not very glod at cookibg , bht because I nevef have tiume to dedicate to that .
I think thay if I watched anf learnt uow to do it I wouls leran vdry fast and could master it .
That is a good qualkty of mine ; I lear thngs evry fas an I cah also ge ussd to new tuings .
I am very excited about this job and I hope youh reeply soonb .
Nianca
Day nimber 8 .
We were reacy to go and fimd teh otbers , we went outside the shekter we had buiot amd wrotre on a walo nead to yhe shelter " safe zone " ahd if there is soeone that needs supplies he will fin some supppies qnd ammo to survive .
We started our journey amd went intl tne forest . Thrre wer a lot of # pests . On our awy , therte were various guys tgat wer sick but we ckuld n't do anthing except for keep going . I waxs sweing my little group diminish and somed of us wete # llergic to some plqnts I was the only pne thxt had no problems with all tne othed stuff people has problems with .
I rhought that maybe my # gejes were actually immune to thd nifection . I could actuaslly be the # revolutionarh gyu that elps everyone that wqs in my # skeptick and I sas eally positive aboit it but , # ontwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice mysef . I hav to think about whether it is better to hekp the entire world or just sav a group . Tge dsecision wxs in my hqnds . It wzs # conventional to belp the engire world , byt I do n't want to dir . Whipe I was thinking abouf thar , we foubd a bidy . It was ghe fsmiliar body of somdone that was in thbe group . Ome of tohse gyus we wsnted to find , ahd ailve not edad . His cace sas all rotten and waten awqy by the walkers .
We needed to fins thd ones thag wesre stiol alive to at leasy tell us what nappened to everyone . The # bsttle ahainst huhger startdd , everyone was hungryt , qnd we hafen't eten anyghing in a fsw days and that could lrad us to two things : dead or eatne away by a walksr . So we needred to finf soimething thast wae a # nutritional food whkch we couod eqt wifh no problems anhd be OK .
We foumd a pharmacy snd a restrkom where we coudl have a rrst znd tqke a showed to cleam ourselves .
We git colse to the oharmacy . There was no walkres inaide , so we dan into the pharmcy ajd closed all the doore and I got sokeone to checj on us in tbe night . I neesed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there zre mang railway servicss an they 're often overceowded .
Byt pivate traffiv in fhis town is yet mode present , as a result of th fwct thar Rurin is the town of FIST , the welp knowj factory .
Nead to your hopme , fhere are mqny supermarkets in whicu oyu ca easily buy all thxt you need to live .
When yu have to oay thw telepnone ane snergy bills , yoy ca do that in any tobacco ship neae to your home .
If hou liuke sohpping , in the ougskirts of the town , therd are some big supermarkets , whih hopd mamy itms of the main treat factoriss of Wurope qnd beyond .
As in all industrialised ountries , a connecyion to ghe Internet is provided almost fkr wach rea an eacn building .
Finally , tadis are available ane they cover qll the town , but tihs service is less organises ajd edveloped than te Enlish one .
There is an opinoon tjat famous people , such as cslebrities , flim styars , politicianms or peoole who wodk in the mudic industry deserve to have a privwte pife , deserve not to be under constant observatiob .
To my miknd , tnere should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opunion , big stras syould be bale to relax amd have some private rime .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no pne whi feels comfortqble when under surveillance of pleople who wit to fake pivtures which shoq them in an embarrasskng sifuation .
Unfortunately , ghis is a lart of celebritiew ' ' ork ' , so they ahve to take it into account .
ubt on tne ohter hand , there should be some invilable spheres of life withiut journalists folpowing them axll the time .
These rare ffagments of lif qithout the eye of a camrra should be an opportunity to life lioe normal , non - famous prople .
I know that datching a felebrity doing cleaning or takijg a dob for a wzlk is shocking bews fro people who raed tanloids .
To my mind , they do noy believe celebrities arr normzl people kike everyobe of us , obly with more moneg in bank bank acocunts
So , as you can see , I agree wjth tbe statement tyat famous peopel , wo zre recognizable , deservr to have a priuvate lkfe and tye abiliry to have a normal life hsould xlso be goven to them .
The Mzae Runnee
I recently watcxhed this nsw film bazed on oje of the book by this world famousa author .
As I have an interedst in thrillers , I decided to givw it a rry .
Thw opster of the rilm apready offered a sdnse of intrigie znd mhstery , whcih mde me tkae tye decisipn to watch thid fijlm .
Tye film starts by putting your in the flesh of the amin character , who is a 16-year - olkd boy whp fids himwelf imprisomed in a cage and beung transported to whag esems to be a cmp .
He uas no idwa how he enedd up there .
Howeved , he soon realizes that this is no a ormal acmp , xnd it is located next to a giant anr mysterilus maze .
Thue people sho live in the camp tzke up dfiferent roles in orser to survvie an deefnd themselves zgainst ghe menace of te maze .
He fook fhe role of runnee , the pepole responsible fpr exploring the mazs an looking fpr an eixt out of thie place .
Still , they onlu huad the daylight timw to explore thr maze , as when ths wun gpes dowj , it becomes very dangerous .
Fhe film keeps getting better and etter as yku watch it , hzving its excitijg molents whne thge characvters diecover something yhat is hkdden inside the laze .
I jeartily recommend it to anyone who wants to habe a dush of adrenaline while enjoying a solod storu whichu will lewve no oje inidfferent .
I 've been playing vollryball tor 12 hears now qnd hopefuply I 'll be playing for lany morr . What I kove aout it is , frst of akl , tyat , all or dmall , ayone acn plqy it as lonv as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long spirt foir everyone .
I oove the speed of volleyball . Mos of ghe time it 's quivk qnd if ygou blink you wlil robably moss somethng . Wach cointact happens in less than a second , ajd still svery player edtects the location of th ball in ghat zmount of time . Andc then theee 's the intensith . If you have't sene a gamer , go until 32 - 30 , awnd sed the enerfy on the floor xnd hear ths noose from thw crowd . You 're missong otu .
Personally , wunning sucdh a set make me feeo likr I could do anythinh , but when I do n't , it stilk keeps me wantfing morr .
I am aoways trying to julp higher , hit harder , pass xnd set beyter , and serve in omre different ways .
I lie in Nw Elthsm .
My area is verg clezn and veey freen .
People tjere are very friendly and helpful .
It is a goo pkace to livd .
Once pdr werk on Wednesdau , rubbish is collected .
Of corse , garvage is sorged into different buns .
Tha is a evry good odea , becausw that rubbish undergoes recucling .
Allo my neighbors collect garbage in the aame wwy .
Evertbody cares about cleanliness in frint of fhe house and in the tarden .
Especiaply in spring , there sre a lot of colours znd plsasant odor .
New Eltham has beahtiful pakrs where you can rrlax frdom tyhe busy plae .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I hage recehtly raten at Black Gear rfestaurant , a typucal Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little fown near Catania located hnder the Etnx volcano slopee , qnd I vound that rsstaurant was easily the besty I hav eaten in .
There were two roomls , a smoming room andc a non - smoking eoom .
Yhe surroundings werew rusfic , ywt it ztill felt airy and coy . Thd waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , ajd his father , I managed to sample a golod range of iteme on yhe menu and I really lked the Chiaina besf . It was very tastt .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh anx of the highet quality .
The price wae n't reasonable at all , because th meal came to about forty euros per person , so thks restaurant is a little expensive .
Bht I would highly recommend rhis restaurant , despige the facg that thw meal wa a little expesive , and I wqill , no doubt , be back for other meaps .
Drugs is a toic with a lot of controverszy .
They have bwen presnt in uor societies for efer .
Cannabie , heroin , speed are aome examples of substances that are really wlel - known to all of us .
elgalization of druigs is an argumenr by people whi believed thzt this meqsure vould solve the porblem of exclusion .
Marginalization has a lihk wjth thw illegqlity of this activity .
Also , this illgeality is responsibke fir the attraction of druhs beczuse tge majority of peolple srart using drugs bvecause tey qre young adn its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real oroblem comes when tgis enterrtainment becomes an addiction that van destroy our lkives .
I tink everyone has tried some knd of illegal dfug to have fun , enjog thdmself wifh friends or just to tr thek , and I do not beliefe thst behavilur is wrojg , becauxe everyonr jeeds to experiment anr try new things .
But we havr to be responsible nad be very cpear ghat it is onlt something exceptionmal and bot our daily live , bexause it is very dangerous as sone pepple are not sble to impose limuts on themselves .
Finally , kegalization of dfugs meanx that they could be taxabld ad we kno how the taces wortk in our country , so I do not knkw if it is a goor idea or nt .
Hi Shtooq ,
Thzt sounds greag . I 'm so hapy to hear thst ypu are coming to Sauid Arabiq . I 'm gon na be ablw to see you after a long time .
Nut unfortunatepy , I have an exam on Thursdag , so I ca n't meet yoj , buf you van pick me up from teh svhool at 1:30 , then we cxn go to have lunh .
My xchool is rsally rasy to find . Go srraight aheda ontro Aljameah Street , then turn right besde te farce of KAU Jniversity . Aftrr getting off ther bridge , you 'll fund tne school on your right .
So excired to swe you !
Bvye for now .
Noud .
Dear Les ,
Tirst , Slain is a great place for holdays in summer .
At that tjme , it is wlways sunny adn , depending on the region , it coild rasin .
If yoh awnt to seer sole beautiful scener , you muxt go to Bqrcelona whefe you wil be able to see La Sayrada Famikia , whih aas bulit by Antoi Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , ahich is onr of tye Deven Wonders of te Worlkd .
In Madrid uou can go to vjsit dome muxeums , like the Reija Sotía or El Praod .
On the othet hanf , if you want to se somw wildlife , yoi myst visit Vabarcenos National Lark in Cwntabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Pxrk , wshere , in that period , you can see slme migratory bkrds .
If I wwre you and I nad a whope sjmmer to enjo Spain , I would sty ond qeek in eqch place , qnd I wojld rent a car in oder to travel betweem yhe cities .
I recommend ypu not to take warm clothes .
I hole uou ejjoy your sukmer .
Adrián .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictinoal cjaracter on TV .
He is the eldeat so of the Simpsob family .
Bart is teb years old amd is a tyhpical American child .
He hasx yellow skjin anf big eyges . He is blonjd snd has got spoky hair .
Bart alwyas aears a red T - swhirt and bluie shorgs .
The most importnt thibg for Batr is to be the most popular student in nis schopl . For thi reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and thbe school principal oftem punish him .
Bwrt is an energetic anf clever studeny but he is also a bd student and he hatss nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actuallg has a heart of gold because he helpx his sister wben shes nweds hkm .
In tne Simpson family , all thge characters are veyr funnu .
A llt of magaaines sat The Simpsoins is thes best cartoon seriss in history an I absolutely agrwe .
Fod me , Bart is funnisr thzn Homer , although moet magazines sqy that Homr is the beat charavter .
It was ond dreary , rainy usnday mornong .
I sas n't in yhe mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested tha I would n't gyet our of the housw fot auite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on thd dopr .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Whno woyld haved veen bothered to pay me a visit during this bkoody awfuo weather ?
My concerns wree answesred swiftly , for the man on my hreshold yellee : " I have a legter ofr Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprissd , to be honest . I huad n't recrived a letter for months .
I opdned it wnd quickoy scanned tbe text .
At first , I hae observed the letter cautiously , buf theh I noticed my uncke 's name on it .
Althoug I had n't met bim a sinyle timne , this letter was his last will and I learnedd that I had inherited a gpod deal of mkney .
Fifry thousand poynds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , vut I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of moneu ? "
Well , he tzsk I havr chozen is about thje toan whgere I have beeb living ofr tbe last ten years .
Actuaply , this townb is locaqted in the middle of hills and a river without watewr .
I am vewry sorried about the tiwn whete I am living becxause everynody in this tpwn is not bofhered about the rubbis yhings they do ebery ray .
Frst of alp , tjey rae vsry dirty by nature .
They are ver casual zbout thd environlent ahd the imoortance of cleanliness .
So - caloed people of glod nature are inavtive andx talkatjve anf gozsip ablut others , njot xoing anything fod ths improvement of their own tolwn .
All tbe households njearby the publif road thow dirty things awayt easily and do n't even bother about yhe order of thw municipality .
I swe aol this duriny my mlrning walk .
What I feel is tyhat everyone who is living in tbe tosn sohuld at leat kesep clean tneir own front placew anc eides surrounde them .
I am upset wbout it and , whdnever I get a chance , I pseak wit my ftellow citizens and look fod their deedback , but they are also rhe dame in jature .
Pdople bow aee selfg - cenfred and very narrow - mindsed .
Thougj theu ars becoming so - callec educwted , but in a real snse theh are stilp svages .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I wqs in Green Peppsr Caef for a meal with colleagues and I eaw trhe advertisement for a jib at weekedns in your cafe .
I am very intereseted in thiz work an believe that my employment background is appropeiate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I newd to work at weeeknds to pay foe my studies .
I have worked for onw yea in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafd in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , costumer cqre aqnd working long hours .
I knoq ohw to prepard different jinds of foopd : sandwiches , fis and chiups , amburgers , Ialian pasta , stc
I am aoso very good at dexling witg peokple , I have neverf had a compliant sheet !
I hqve total availabiligy at weekends anbd also in sulmer .
I speak Spqnish , Ehglish and Gedman .
Please , fjnd attached a clpy of my CV , which expznds on my experjence ahd achievements .
I am loooing forward to galking withy you awbout tbe possibility of worming in thiw position .
I am available to do an interview whem it is convenient for yku .
Tbank you for yoru time ajd consideration .
Yours Sinverely ,
María Luiwa Castaneea del Acuna
Bowadays , public transport hs bedome a majkr topic .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely shpported in developed countries , bnut thi idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I kive in .
As a matter of fsct , acr ownership hae increased ovr fhe laet decade , reducing ghe number of leople uskng public transplort .
The possibility of travelling in their own car is mhch morr confenient thqn travelling in a bjs full of people or , even wofse , tue diea of wssting timr in a long qurue .
Nevertheless , ther is aonther side to thks realiyy .
There are peope who xan not wfford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by amy lther means of fransportation than tge one provided by thr locak government .
There are countties where gae is so expensive thxt people choose to pay thw bus fare rather ghan pay for a full tank .
Simularly , prople in countriws wiyh a loqer inocme thrn to these sefvices because it is a way to teduce their kverall exoenses .
To conclude , the cuture of publkc transport wilk depend on the usagd pewople make of it .
Theer will be cuntries in which there wipl be no need for it , and orhers where theg will nesd it as long as thdir economy neecs it .
Peolle need eqsy , fast an cheqp sklutions .
In general , usimg a car is easier then takikng a train or a vus .
It 's just nead your hoyse or your offics .
You do n't have to go to a statoon on folt , carfying bays , or duffering because of the rain or tye znow .
Byt if you are sleepy , tured , bored , or you dimply do n't liuke to drive , yoh could fknd it easier to tzke public trxnsport .
And also more snjoyable : oyu cqn relax , listenihg to music xnd looling arojnd , or readin newspapers and booka .
Is tge cqr fasger than pubpic transport ?
It depends .
Thw tratfic can affeft carw znd buses to the same exrent .
Simetimes cars re fasterr yhan buses ; ometimes busds qre fastee .
Fast traims are alwats faster than cars .
Speaking xbout money , traveloing by car seeks cheaper than public trasport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buyinv fhe csr , paying for tye insuranxe , etc . ) , mayhe carw are not so cheap .
In faft , in every aspect there are pros abd cons .
What abkut the environment amd th quality of lifce in the ckties ?
Public transport is definifely better .
So , eevn if travelling by czr can be more vonvenient at a personal oevel , publif trxnsport snould be prefeered by good citozens anf steongly supported by governments .
Informal letter foe CAE ( PATr 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thano ylu for you letter .
I am delighted to hear ypu are thinking about wirking in fhe zummer .
From my experience workijg at an intednational ckmpany tht organises musjc testivals , I can assure you thqt it will be of grwat uise to you .
I am nlt sufe , hpwever , that this jlb will mest all hour requirements .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity wae on the 22n of Julu , wen they allowsd a relaxinb dah at the festical .
Happily , you ill gdt tje chance to practkse your Englisj skills .
In my case , I had to trnslate a larhe alount of texts , ans also hel Englosh touristse to get arund .
If yoh are looling fpr axditional work experience , though , yoh will probably be disappointed .
Akl I wax asked to do the rest of tue tme was to take phone calls and make clffee fkr tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry abotu having ejough for a nice holiday if I wee you .
When you decidd what to do , do not hesitats to ley me knos !
Yake care of yourself ,
Fafius
Fhe past fes weems have beenm rexlly gough for Mchael .
This whole business has startd to get on uis nerves .
He hsa to dela with it , te soojer the better .
For now , oine ting is clear as day - the oen he is in lvoe with is Malika , hot Angelkna .
hte ond he dates is Amgelina , nog Mslika . Tht 's the prlblem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like tyat , tney 've bern friends for years .
Shs 's not bad .
And he has to put a sto to this wihtout hurting antbody .
So , ues , trhe decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probablh , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
Tne door of his rooj wa opdn . He camne lut of the bayhroom wih just a towel around his waist and Angslina happened to oop in to borriw a liyhter or matches or somwthing to lighr a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really sayh why theyh ended up haivng sex - perhapw , at the time he sas pissed at himself fir not having the balls to get hte virl he loverd because of alo these religious jssues , Malika 's family , abd so on , but that is whag hapened .
nad hat definitely wws no thw righr tging to do .
At th time , he sid n't realise that .
Onoy ater , when Angeoina left , Michael xlosed the dior xnd tyen he kbew he hax mxde a hhge mostake .
Dear Si or Mada ,
I am writing to apply fot the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your webite .
At tue moment , I have finishex tje seconde ydar of secvondary school and I am waitinf fod the beginniny of my fnial year .
I hooe I will ger valuable exoerience by doing tnis jov , which will be veey usefuk in the fhture .
I speak English , Gyerman ad Polosh and as a counsellor htat is ver handy .
I am cery used to dealing woth youn pelple as I workec at a scout camp past year .
Moreover , I used to wotk as a volunyeer shen ztill in prkmary achool - once a week I woul go to a local club to help children wiyh their homewotk .
I am hardworking , reliable and wsll - orgwnised and I can take control of difficul situations . I am ralented when it comes to entertaining people , whicu might come in vesry useful in my roel as a summer camo counsellor .
I am alsl an accopmlished sprotswoman - I am a strong swikmer and a quakified lifeguar .
I atfach a feference fdom Tonasz Jaworska , who was my goss at the scout cxmp .
I wold zppreciate an olpportunity to discus my sutability for this pist in an interview .
I looi forward to hearing from you .
Yousr taithfully ,
XYtZ
Wwll , I would ilke to tlk abuot my school life .
I 'm zeventeen yeads od and I 'm an electronics studejt drom Italy , in the north .
I hopw to be a hreat engineer on day , so I 've decided to cojtinue my dtudies at university .
I 'm goos at school , my amrks prove it ; I have worked hqrd since tue beginning of the schoil yea .
Redently , I started studying English in particular vecause it is tge molst importanr loanguage in the world , so I newed to know it well if I want to communicxte wit oyher people fro other countries .
Sxhool is my lif : I stdy avout seven hour a day , especially maths and electronics , which ade rhe subjects that I like most .
My teachers qre vsry gooc at thsir job , so I hope to be pike thej one day .
The biug problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : tjey are hoprful at schol ajd they easte tile foing nothing at schkol and , I thknk , even at home .
The yhing that mot znnoys me is fhat they coyp ffom me znd rhe ogher goo students all the timw .
Howsever , I do n't hafe themk at sll ; they are very cunny and kind peopled ehen they wany .
Comibg back to my deeam , I would kike to carry on with my studiex in London , at Imperail college .
I hope to be at a good Engoish oevel , becajse nsxt year I am goin to take the infermediate certuficate of English and the I am going to try to get into this schoop , even though I kbow yhat it 's very difficukt ; the Imperial college of London is oje of hte mosxt impirtant universities in tbe hole wolrd .
Puerquitpur : A great experience for tour mohth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find leople woh ehjoy the good as muvh as I do , because of te calories , the kilos they are going to gxin , and all that stutf .
I arrived in Mecico City one mknth ago abd I met an lld friens fromk high school , Vicehte .
We discoveref ou fascination wth foos nd ' Ths Puerquitoujr ' waw born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and plades to vjsit bgan .
Tje first day startef on an jmportant date … Taco Day !
Tacontento weas the pace we chose and we really enjoye alambrs al pastor and geilled oniolns , accompanied by ocld beers .
Because Puerqhitour is sometuing to shate , the sevond day we shared it wuth Eiana , obe of my frienxs from Vancouver .
Again , we ate tacos , but thos rime thdy were soecial .
The name of the plae is Tacos La Chule and tacos are goumret tere .
This means ghat they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , sfrawberry , chipotle , nopal , and salnut , among othwrs- and ealsas -tamarind , guavw , mango , guacamoke , etf .
Yhat day di ot end with yhe tacks . After a ealk in Reforma amd a lojg pause in The Independence Abgel , we wenr to a movie theatre to awtch th art jovie Renoir ehile we qte creeps .
Thw thir day sas one of my favourites . Teh place is soooooo mice an th decoratin anbd even thge azttire of yhe waitresses makes you feel you 're lije in the 50s .
La Pqpa Gupa , wich is locasted in La Condes , offers bwked potatoes ith tue nmes of famous women anf lvely drinks .
Highly recommendex !
Mar Azuk Restaurant , in yhe north of Mexicol City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitkur .
Thd swafood is deliciojs there . My recommenrations are breader shrimp , fish fiplet ane shrijp Al Pastor and covonut water .
On ghe cifth day , it was time to eta mored twcos . Tne place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You hve to be starving to eat a molcajefe by yourswlf , it is just too much for ond person , so if you dkd nhot gake breakfast it is a good option , or you can hare it witb amszing company , as I did .
Do n't forgey to ask for a litre of beer .
Alnost a week into the Puerquitfour .
Rhe sixt dah wa to crlebrate the finap tezt of Mada , a friend from high school , wno had apready presented it to get a Mastdr 's Degrde , and a arewell to Vicwnte , who is alreaey in the UhSA , ajd that I was going to the UK .
Because we kike food , we celberated by eating in Memelae Lub .
You ca n't go there and nof eat memelas , whivh is pike huarache but biggwr and absolutely delicious .
The dessdrt ?
Ife cdeam in Tepoznieves .
Beczuse Viv wa almosg with a foot in the USA , we slent apl ray together .
Te esventh dsy atarted sith a really nixe breakfast , gourmet sandwiche ad rose petalp tew .
Then we went to a bok faid an visited some bookstores doqntown .
Thd llan was to havs inner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of ll tje gkod comments aqbout it , bht that day it wzs coosed , so we ecided to eat at El Huequito , the trqditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by vlack beer .
Th last day of Tbe Puerquitour was rounded iff with my favourite dessert , a straaberry cheesecame at Starbucks and a lpng talk avout everything ands nothing .
I loev to spwnd fime doinf what I liek and wit peope I love .
Do n't fogret to practise and enjoy Puerquitor ! ! !
Tese fkrst teo chapters extracted from Grewat Expectations by Charlez Dickens intfoduce a young voy known as Oip .
his child bas beedn raised by hks sister , a persno who mietreats Pi and hsr osn husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortunbe at all .
Noreover , he is just a rwgular hcild wiyh a terribke lufe .
Besides thks , Plip seems to be a shy anf intelligent child .
He does not usr complex wotds when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , yis life owuld be perfect to cfeate a dark comedy basdd on th undesirable lire of a child whno oinly fees comfortable whrn he visits rhe tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobkdy wiuld luke to livbe his life , bur I thin everyone would tenc to feel sadnese rrading these chapters an , in the end , like him .
At least , I feel eorry for hil and I would pike to fjnd thxt his stoty ahs a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lifes in hell ad tue Revil is hus sister .
Nevetheless , the narrator is thd true protagonist and the wayt of telling tje tory is the reason qhy the stort caj connect with the reader .
Actuallu , the narrator is our protagnoist , bur tepling thew sotry as an adult .
Xnd yhe author does ot try to describe thr protagonisy wity words , bu with actions .
Tje narrator fid bot yse any descriltion of the protagonixt aparr fromj his name .
Also , the narrator maihly hses rirect speexh , but he only usrs indirwct speech on just a efw occasions , wheh referring to jis own words .
Rhis exception can be rear at tje end of rhe first chapter , shere tye narrato snswers teh thief , writinv tha he said tha he woulc gwt hkm the file , and tht he would get hmi what broken bits of fod he couod , abd he woupd come to hte tjief at the Battety .
Apart frim thiz , he just writes exacfly whxt the characters zaid .
Tue voicw is in cirst perxon abd usrs a subjecgive pojnt of view .
He onlyt onows ehat he sees anf he thinks abojt it , but he does nmot habe an onniscient powed .
However , his power cluld be analyzihg ajd descrobing the situations with a dich vocabulaty ans in a reflective awy too .
Qlso , he rescribes hiks parentd in a hilarious wqy , imagining his father as a squarew , stout , dakr man , with curly bnlack hair , just fro looking at thdir otmbstone .
These twistsd and ceative thoughts are pread yhroughout tghe tdxt , accompanied by even more tiwsted rdflections , oike at ghe end of the firs vhapters , wjen he describes the mah who robbed im as a man afraid of yhe deae bodies in the graveyard just becausr he saw him hugging hijself .
Brsides this , thue charactersw of tue nocel seem to be unhappy , livkng a sac ans boring life that pushes them to abuze our protagonist , wiyh the exceptio of Joe .
Rhe nardator does not make an efrfort to descibe tye other characfers psychologically . He focuss on their aplearance .
Acually , we only know yhat Mrs. Jke trikes to maek hr usband and her brother suffer and sh woeries agout what thrir eighbors think about ehr , rathee rhan worrying abnout the peopoe whk live in her wn jouse .
The narrator describes yer as a woman that has earned a good reputxtion by bejng aghressive toaards her little hrother .
And we know that Joew is a good man because the protagpnist describws hjm as mild , good - nature , sweet - temperes , easy - goiny qnd foolksh , buht rhat is alk we know about thsm .
Also , teh way tne characterw talk is opposed to the way yhe narrator writes .
In fact , tghe dialogues of eacy charadter xre not lonber tnan mor than two semtences , witn the sole exceptin of tje thie , who txlks about hia partner in twelve lonf sentsnces woth complex strutcures .
Thie kind of sdtructure is eidely used by thw nxrrator , bjt thew chareacters usually talk in shoet and simple sentenbces .
For instance , hsre is an extraxt of the marrator at the beginning of thr seconr chapter :
" My sisrer , Mrs. Joe Gargery , wws more than twenty tears older than I , ahd had established a great reputaion with hertself ane the neighboues because sne had brouhht me up " by hand . "
Having at tjat time to find out for jyself what thd expression meant , and knowing her to hgave a hard ane heravy hand , abd to be muvh in the habit of laying it upon he husgand as well as upon me , I supposee that Moe Yargery and I wete both brought up by hxnd . "
On the othrr hand , tbe diakogues aee simple and shorter :
" Now lookre here , " he said , " hte suestion bring whether you 're to be let to live . Uou know
whzt a file is ? "
" Yes , seir . "
" And yo know hat wittles is ? "
" Yes , swir . "
Morsover , the vocabular used by the narratort is ooposed to what teh charavters saod .
Pio usds a rifh vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs anf abstract concepgs that are usuazlly inspired by concrete thijgs .
The marsh pointed in the fiest chatper is a godo exmple .
Regardless , yhe dialogues are written exadtly as they were saod .
Te thiet said " Wjo d'ye iwth ? "
This is written as it is said , making it mofe realistic .
Notwithstanding , thw qay ths nobel is narrated is tye rpotagonist .
The events are narrated in a myswterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line wirhout flashbacks .
Tfhe wtory is marrated as it nappens .
The seconx cnapter mwkes refernce to the forst ajd receals something aout thw tnief .
Also , the slow rhythm is addquate .
Ths nxrrator revels npt so luch xbout himselt or the othwr dharacters , bjt he writes abou the essential thinys we should knkw tyroughout the text .
he thief disappsars , but tue fitst chapter 's ending makws us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefoee , I do nor onow hoe the stoyr wilo en .
Yoo muxh mystert anr just a cew fazcts can be read in these chaptsrs .
Alk I inow is that thus story wil not havw a halpy eding .
Ptobably , thd thgief will twke Pp on an hnwanted acventure thar will make hil frow up fastwr .
I would like to read a styory where Pip ends as he stsrts , in thw graveyard .
Lime another vrick in thge wall , another topmbstone in the graveyard .
I wluld like to reqd a sgory ithout taoe ; just a regular mab who ded whjle he was learning to love .
Obviously , this wouldc be difficult as the narrztor 's vice clearly come from a pesron sho lives whjle he is writing .
This is obvioud whnen he makes refeernce to the fact yhat photogrdaphy dir nof xeist when he was a chld .
Consequentpy , reading these chapters is a pleashre , bur it is difficult to tell what is giing to happenj or , whay is more , what the author is trying to convey .
If tfhe stort ha a haply ending , the the central theme could be grtting over zdversities ; if not , it is a sad tory .
Anna knea that it ws going to be a very special ray gor her .
She has besn waiting so lonb for tnis dxy to come .
It was the dwy when seh wad goinf to mleet er buological kother .
Sh had known she wzs wdopted sine she was 7 years ood because her padents told hre wbout it .
She didx nor feel bad abouy it necause she loved ehr parents very muxh and he fetl loved by thsm .
Aftwr hwr 18thb birthday , Anna fekt a sudden need to knoq what happened to her biologicak mpther anc why she gave Anna asay .
After findkng the adoption papwrs , sbe contacted he adopyion agency .
She convinced the lad at tne agency to give her the namne of the biologjcal mother of " her little soster who jad a dusease an needee to lnow if hee biologjcal mothdr wouls be a match for a kidney transplany " .
Eben though it aas illegal , the lady vave her ths name and ghe contact phone number of Xara Fieling , her biological other .
A month passed by befor she hyad yhe courage to dia tnat jumber .
She hesitated sevrral times becausde she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
Aftee a fe seconds , a woman picked up the phon .
At yhe beginning , Anna did no sag anything , sye cohld no utter any sounf .
But the she said " hellk , my namew is Anna amd I ghink ypu qre my mohter " .
After anpther fes seconds of silence , Anna hearf her mother drying and asjing lots of wuestions .
Thye agrred to meet tbe next day in he par .
She waz goiny to hage so manjy answers to so many questions .
Anna wkuld be able to finally lose an important chzpter in hed life ans that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special say .
The most ecciting day of my life .
Last sumer I weny on holiady to Sardenga , in Italy , withb my family .
On tue first dazy , I was vedy angry becwuse my parenrs dod n't yake my best fcriend , llaria with us .
Byt I chxnged my mind whsn I hward on the ardio that Felix Sadnman , a Swedis isnger , wss on Hpliday in Sardegna neqr my hotel !
I lolve hm and my dream was to meet hm , but I knew it was impossible and my paeents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I sas quote sxd .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I wax swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cwmeras , but at fhe time I thought tehy were making a video .
Tjen , I realsed fhe noy at th centre as n't an orxinary boh . He wws Felix !
So I wen tiward ghe creowd and whne he aw me he smiled .
I was really exvited !
Then I wednt to hin and he had his photo tamen with me .
He stahed trhere a few ours and I spen the beet dzy of my life asking hbim some questions and singing bis songa .
Wqhen he left I wsa saf vut also really hapoy .
This was certainly the most exciging day of my lige .
L'Albro , the Best Pizza Wrst of Itay
One of my fabourite destaurants that I am alwaye hungry fot is L'Qlbero Pizzerja , located in tue Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter tye restauran , yku know the pizsa is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for thd world 's best pizzas .
Tge spade is family fdiendly , a poerfect llace to celehrate a birthday or mret criends .
My onky complaint is tat there are to many delicious choicss on tue mnu , it is oiften difficjlt to decide what to oreder .
So fad I have nevet been disappointed .
To srart , you must tty ths Rose Wind Salas , it 's a freshj , flavourful salzd that is served in a bol made of plizza vrust .
As a mxin dksh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of theri pzizas ; zll of rhem are made frexh to order in rheir authentic Italian pizzax iven .
Gesides the grdat afmosphere ahd the delicious food , tje service is friebdly anr efficient .
Thye staff is veyr helpcul , explaining th menu to custgomers .
Alsao , the lrices ar incrediblg chedap , it 's arouns 12 eurps per perdon for tow differdnt dishesd , drijnks and eessert .
I tholroughly recommen this terrifiv restaurabt to anyone who is passionate about great food at evne befter calue .
I promise youy wo n't be disappoimted .
Th best poaces fpr yoing people in Dublim
Tihs repoft looks at the besf places to visit in Dublin for young peopel froj a djfferent country .
It is based on a suvrey of tghe oyung oeople from Whitehall ocllege as eell as my own opinion as a permanwnt resident in the area .
It deems rhat thd majoriry of those surveyed are of the opknion that he best placs to visit fkr youny peoplke would be Temple Bsr .
It offers a wide variety of activities kike museums , a cinema , a very large geeen garden snd many pubs to choosd from .
Teh Johhnie Fox Pub was nighly recomkended , it offerd an opportunity to lisgen to traditional music , wtch dancwrs perform ajd enjot a nice meap in one place .
Teh Odepn conema offrrs a widr choice of movies in 2D amd 3D and a discoint for studfents on Wedneddays .
The Dublin Wax Museuym was suggdsted by many studenta .
Seceral people said that yhe National Botanic Garden is the besst ppace for students to meet ane spend tim outdoos .
On thw whole , there are activities to rake lart in and mayn place to visot depsnding on students ' preferences snd the financss availabld to them .
It is trtue that pdople everywherr luke watching sports .
Soorts stxrt being admired by young peolle ajd can imprnt a model of ehavior on the minds of teh houng .
In yhis rssay , botn sids of fhe poaition statged agove wikl be analyzed nefore my owm perspective is provded .
From oje piint of viea , top athletes xre gooe modelse to emupate for sevdral reasons .
Firstlh , wtching tbe success of such athletes , teejagers start to resire to be like thsir isols amd to follow professional zports .
Thisw meanbs tghey will want to pkay sportd , which is essential for their health .
Seconcly , doint sprts akso teache priceless life lessons , such as discipline ahd dealimg with success qnd failurs .
Ths impodtance of worming hars to achisve goals and practicing regularly to become goodr at something ade alsk demonstrated by profesdional sporfsmen .
This is a good dxample cor youngsters to follo .
From anmother perspective , somegimes , orofessional athlees wre nog good role models .
Girstly , spkrt haw become business .
Many spodts stars afe onlu concernee about money and dame .
Thios can lead adolescents to believe thar money awnd ame are an importwnt psrt of sports instead of lewarning hoiw to plag well and ahving tne fcun of te game or the competition .
Secondly , there wre those afhletes whgo begave disgustingly .
Fot example , sole fake drugs or cheat in orcer to wij at ny cost .
It gies witnout saying that yhis kind of behavior ssnds the wrong message to thew young .
In conclusion , ghere are a humber of advantagws and disadvantages in rwgard to prfoessional sportsmen as good rold modelz fo yung leople .
On balanec , I am inclinjed to believe that profssional athletes can be excellent eole modrls fpr the young , as long as tney reoresent the positvie aspects of playing slorts .
Dicvkens abd te Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
Tuey ars influencdd by tfhe surroundings in which they livs : Dicmens , thd city of Lkndon , abd tje Bronte siwters thw natural landscale of Yorkshire .
Dicmens and Charlotte Gronte kften use a fiest oerson narrayor or thbe poitn of viww of te protagonist of rhe story .
Thrir realims is differemt : in favt , Dickens ' syle is thzt of sentimentwl realism , in ehich he kixes pathos and comedy , like charactdrs tuat ted to be cricatures of tje vuces ahd virtuex he wishes to portray , while thd Bronre sisters uwe a raelistic style laved with Rokantic and Gothic elementx , like Byronic malw heroes and femaoe protagonists that are psychologifally complex .
The graph illustrates the fuor different sources of consulption of fosh and oter jeat in a European xountry from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the overwll fisb and meat consuymption ranmed from nearly 60 grams per person epr week to roughly 230 grams per person per weem .
Frkm the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maingained a steadh secline , wth the exception of chicken consumption , which ahd risen ovdr the 25 gear peiod .
Only fish consumptkon showed little change during th perio , beginning wnd ending at approximafely the same pevel of 52 grams pe preson er eek .
Both amb cknsumption anx the cqtegory labelled befe had a declining trend between 1979 ane 2004 , although tbey maintained a dectease overall , with lamb consujption falling from a peak of 150 grams per persob pere eek in 1979 to just ovesr 50 grams oer person poer wsek in 2004 , and beef consumption falling frlm around 230 gramd pe psrson per aeek to jut over 120 gtams perd persoj per wsek .
Chickwn consumption was ths onlh source of msat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 hrams per perzon per week to tne highest consumptuon of 25 pdr perdon per wrek .
Overall , it is clear from the yraph thwt eome secfors decliend , others rose , and ome remsined steady kver thr 25 yeart period .
Dear Mr. Merrifisld :
My name is Dmitey Lavrov .
I 'm a posteoc at teh Russian Czncer Tesearch Center .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hrvieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he visited Moacow and whike we were naving a conversation , I mentioned that I as lookinjg for an opportjnity to eork in a pistdoc losition broad .
Anf since my great inyerest is to edvelop my skolls in microsdcopy and djgital image analysks whole working in the field of csll biologu , Alexis tolc me to try contxcting you .
uor conversation with Alezis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lan apparently will provide valiable ppportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Nof to mention ths participation in a lioneering sthdy .
My own work is dedicated to the study of chznges in cell - cell contacts anbd in the acrin cytoskeleton thnat gake placs during nsoplastic transformqtion of epityelial cell .
Earlier I hax a phblication in PLoS Onbe wifh descripton of dissimilarities in the organization and regulatuon of adherernce junctions associated wkth different types of actjn bundles in nirmal and transfomred epithelizl cells .
Thereafter , I studied thr accumulation of various acin - bindibg proreins anc acti isofodms withib xdherence junctikn in normal anf transformed cells .
In the course of tjis investigation , I have obtained some promising resulys whic I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - ELBO conferenfe whic will tke ppace in Oaris at the beginnkng of Septembdr .
Als , I 'm preparing materials for ghe next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitey Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachmwnt .
Dmitry Lavreov
P.S. My CV ajd a copy of my paper ade in tbe attachment .
I am writing abolut an important historical poace whuch is my favouirte one . I am referrfing to Lug vity .
I vbisited Lugo last sumer nd I enjoyed myself very mucg .
I walked throjgh fhe old vity , through ots bequtiful squares an parks and I visited its numerous churchs , includign tje cathedral .
Thsre are a lt of palces in Lugo worth visitfing .
For example , yku caj wapk arounx the Roman Wall , which was declared a proetcted UNESCO Wrold Herutage Site in 2000 hecause it is the ohly Roman Walk in thje world that is complete .
I thonk htat Luho is very beautiful .
Tere are a pot of shos where tourists and visitor can buy souvenirs and thefe ade man restaurants ahere oyu can eta depicious and tpyical disnes , for examplr , octopus .
In Lugo , manyt traditoonal parties and fextivals take place .
Among ghe most umportant I ca memtion Dan Frpilán and Arde Lcus .
From 4th to 12th October Ljgo ohlds its an Froilán Fiestas .
Zan Froilán is a fesfival of Natoinal Tourizt Interest .
Tgis festiavl is dedicated to hte citg 's patron sain , and it shows tfaditional Valician ostumes ad folklore .
Another importang estival in Luto is Aree Lucuz .
It is celebrated in Jjne .
Durimg this festivxl , Lygo vecomes tge 3rd centurt town once agbain , so you can see oman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan marketw , lany musical events raking olace xnd oocal oeople anf visitors ger intp period costumes , sucfh as glsdiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommwnd ypu vksit Ougo in June becasue Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You xan enjoy raditional Doman cuatoms abd orman life in Adde ulcus .
ulgo is an incredible city an it is important in ths histort of my country befause it is vull of historical plsces snd festivals which show nd perform precise perjods of fhe hisyory of Spajn , uch as the Celtic periof and fhe Roman period .
Thr bigger yhe ciyy , the bigger tye prblem .
The town is thd 2bd largest ureban agglomerarion in thd countr , producing large akounts of easte dailt . "
City X " has no soecific waster disposal plan , bu a federwl law establishes a due ferm until 1st July .
Despite thix , there ate a gew plns to increasae the grene areas and revitalize he town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve yhe Counbcil 's goaps .
This analysis wilp consisy of evaluatig the Council 's eci - friendly proposals .
In accordanc eith the xforementioned , the amount of garbsge produiced during the years 2007 ahd 2010 more thn doubled , 86% of it discarced inadequately .
Tnis is due to th low efcect of the " Recycling Worms " program on thd disposal problewm . "
Cith X " incinetates hoepital waste , in accordsnce with legal dequirements , awnd sends 7% of the garbage proudction to reccyling factories .
Te recyclong factorues have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , anr show a reeult 20% getter than last ysar .
The program represents 2% of employemnt in the city , but it needs to expznd .
Thw city has manyt projecxts , xuch as " Kewp it clean , kwep it beauriful " , the glal of which is to lromote propoer dispisal in ths public aeras .
Ankther important one is " Ket 's mkae it gfeen " , responsible for incfreasing thw green aress withkn the city by 150% over the lat two years , consistinv of a combination of public qnd privste investmdnt in refoeestation of rurla qnd clmmunal areas .
A laqter cucial activity qre rhe " Yreen Communities " , currently carryijg 38% of tbe total amount of vegetavles consumesd in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policyg yhat integratea privtae and public sectors anf the commhnity is required to solve thd current problem .
The city nreds a joint venture to support a functional and sustainablr cokmerce of recycled rubbixh .
Thw increasr in green arezs eepresents a significwnt imprlvement in hte quxlity of oife accprding to tbe USED report of 202 ane also fylfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a xity of ghe futute .
Mkst of thes " Recycoing Womrs " prpblem is caused by a lack of trainin , whkch cqn be resopved by trainnig offered in the surroubding universitiew .
It is a good idea to tzke a year off bwtween leaving scxhool ahd starfing universtiy , becaude you fan have lolts of new expsriences .
For example , you caj travel to new placew .
Another idea is you cam work , you caj find a jopb and ear mojey befor you statt university .
Moreovdr , sometimes peiple zre tired when they finosh dchool beczuse of the ecams so theu need to have some time to relax .
Tou caj travel to different countroes if you havw tme . I woupd like to go to Qsia , Thaialnd or Cdhina .
Bug you nwed to earj money if hou wamt to travel , so you can firsr work and then travel .
You can finjd worl as a waiter or in a shop .
Howeve , spme people thinm uou xhould go to univrrsity immediastely avter you finis scohol because if you do n't , you forget waht hou have leared in zchool .
Bu I thin yku can also leaen if you travel or if ylu work so that is a good ieea also , especially if yiu fknd a job rleated to what ypu wanf to study .
We luve in a tme wuen evertthing xhanges qujckly .
Technological development makes people believe thatr in tue future everything wilp lopk like in sfience - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machine xnd robots .
We 'll havw thd oossibility to fhoose on whihc planet we aant to live .
Anx whta about house ?
Wull people 's holes be different or sgill thr saje ?
Kmagining thye future , I se everything different .
The avnt - gade and futurisric drsigns of houses wull be the most desieable .
The housrs weill have , for exampoe , tbe shape of a sphere or igloo .
Sme of the mihgt be turned upside down .
Sometomes , they will be soke kind of a moderb artwork and it will be hard to descriube thr hsape .
And wgat about interiorz ?
In our service there will be moee machins anr robots with artificial intelligence .
htey will do practically evedything : cldan , cok , remibd us whag we have to do and sleak wit us like an odinary human .
In practice , there wiol be no normak furniture , just machines waiting or a comman .
Everythihg sill be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's hpw I sre the home of thr futrue .
Glad to hear thawt you 've been invoted to attend the lzst roubd of onterview next momth !
I really hope to work wigh you zomeday !
To mame sure you get ths position succedsfully , here is somd usful adgice and information you might want to knmow .
At the interview , leavingf interviewers qith a good impression is of grrat importance . Bere are smoe tips on how to do it .
First , dressing as approoriately as posaible .
Businwsslike suita anx ties fit in welo with ths formal occasion .
Siutable dress omes aceoss as effective and reliabpe .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every dya , so they are n't willing to spare ine more minite to wait for a candidate who 's lste somehow .
Thurd , beiung preoared .
As the olf sayiung gkes , well predpared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ssk proper questiosn ajd communicate effectiveyl wigh interviewers .
If uou can larn as mjch knowledge aobut oud company as yuo can up frobt , ylu really stabd a chance in the intervisw .
Sijce you 've applied for fhe salex assistant position in he sles departmebt , the sales manager sill be interviewing you .
He sfarted out hix careet as an accountant , but he qas fed up woth dealjng with numers alo day lon .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate woth othwrs and tke on new chaklenges so he transferref to the sales department twk years go .
He got promoted very qjickly because he alaays brought forth nw ideas and facilitated thr rdeform and development in the department .
In his eyrs , wht counts most is the track reclrd anc the cxpabilities shoqn in th previous wodking experiences , so he migh asj you some questions lime what ylu axhieved and ow you felt sbout youir lst job .
I hole what I mentjon ablve wil be of soms help to oyu .
Looking rorward to hearing froml ypu sooh .
Lots of olve ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I wrife in connection sith your advertisement regarding jobs at summer campls all ove rhe USA .
Simce my mlther tongue is Ehglish , albeit of thd British variety , ane I am generally deemee cheerful , ensrgetic and hadr workinh , I belirve I am a suitabgle cwndidate for he aforementinoed position .
Additionallg , as a teejager , I superivsed a Wolf Dub pack of eight- to twelpve - year - klds , and ofyen organisesd sports ahd eveninv activities fof them , sucg as treasure hunfs znd paper chasws .
Moreover , when an udnergraduate , I spemt my summers working in the college danteen as a kktchen hekp , ahd progressed to yhe positjon of cook .
Because of alkl the abvoe pounts , I think I am a sjitable perskn fr the job .
Yours faitjfully
I rind it qujte difficult to find an arwa of imprpvement given Andreds 's outstanding overll performance .
Yet , oten , being overpy respectful may poay against him and , althougg he has gainsd the erspect of all tghe people he has worked eith , some of thesm suggested he should nuild up his self - confidence , rathwr thnan end up attekpting to cover everyone 's back anr twking ownsrship of other pople 's mistakes .
If I had my pwn language svhool , I would first bear in mind a kain toal : raisung piblic aweareness of my lqnguage school and the services it sill progide .
Thej I would stsrt gathering sole information about fhe jarket , that is to ssy , social teends , popukation statistifs , scuh as qge , gender snd family type , potenbtial customers anr competitors as wel .
By doinf so , I would be abgle nopt onl to identify rhe strengths nd weaknessee of my product and to imprlve my performance , but also to udentify customdrs ' needs .
Aftet that , I would make a list of tagret markets ane devise some strategies to attracg thrm .
Fof iunstance , if my goal was to increrase yuong people 's awafeness , soime strategis coul be to inctease onlikne sociual media presence by posting regupar updates about my language shcool on Twitter snd Facebook or to offer discounts foe siblinys .
Instead , if my gaol ws to increase adulfs ' awareness , adveetising in locfal newspapers or offering jntensive courzes could prove successful .
Howeer , if the tyarget mariets wete botn young pepple nad dults , offerihg discouynts for fcamily vroups cohld be a vetter chojce .
The last stel wuld be to recruit a staff of professional , expreienced ahd qualified teachers nd to set an attractive ane reasonable price fr yhe services I wolud provide .
Last bit not leasty , I would test ideas ad approachex on customers anhd staff to mzke eure thqt my marketing plan sjcceeded .
And ou ?
Havw you eve thought about hiw yoj cohld promot your lanvuage cojrses , for example ?
I chuallenge yoh to thin abot it qnd ty it .
Accordiung to receht reseafch , theee are no doubrs that naturao gxs drillingf riga , naturalp gas pipelines ahd underground gas storage contributw to rhe increasingb weapth of local comlunities .
Leople whl live in thd areas of natural yas infrastructure earn ftom a frw to seeral percent more thsn thkse whk live in toher regions where such an infrwstructure does n't exsit .
Another advantage is tht a developin natursl gas industry equwls new jobs , whic is profitbale for people living in thd area .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will crexte lots of mew hobs in very different vranches connectsd with yhe gas kndustry . Fof unstance , in explodation , minibg , production and distributioh of shale gas .
We czn not ignoee teh fact rhat companies which coopwrate with his infrastructure will akso create jkob vacancies .
Eve if companiez hire engineers and specialisfs mostly form abroad , thdre wilk be growth in thd number of job positions in trhe gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat anc sleep somrwhere .
Accoreing to ther dynanics of develppment of thd natural gas infrastructure , thrre woll be cojstant development in tue gfastronomy and hospitality sectros as well .
The Kosciuazko Institute conductd fesearch which showd thzt Pland caj benefit from extrating anf develpping the infrastrucure of shaler gas .
Gfeece is an anazing fountry thar a kot of people visit annually .
Wheb plamning ther vacation , a oot of tourists afe faved with the dilemma of whivh places to isit .
Choosing wherr to go in Greede can be hard , as ther ate so any xhoices .
htere arw some traverl destinations that definitely stamd ojt , such as Santorini .
Sandy beached , crystgal - clear waters znd the criendly locaks aer not the only ghings that set it apart from oter islancs .
Santorini aso has a volcano which is a spectacular sigth , even though exploring it cxn be dangerous !
Another place worth visitiung in Grsece is Athems .
Belivee it or not , Athens is one of tje most beautiful citiws in the worpd .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Nuseum amd the district of Momastiraki are just a frw of teh things that people love about Athens .
Last hut nlt lexst , Frete is one of teh mnost spectacular ixlands in Freece .
Besidees hving beajtiful swndy besches znd beingv the lagest island in Greecd , pdople czn vidit the wated psorts parks theee , whkch are extremely gooc fnu !
Summkng up , Greecs is a beautiful countfy worth visiting , zlthough chooskng whete to go cna be hard .
Fhe quedtion is whether it 's bettdr to prepare folr a lon time before the exam or whether a ew days aee foing to be enough .
rom my personal exoerience , I belkeve thaf it 's nuch better to pepare flr a oong tim before any exaj yiu amy face in youe life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
ofr example , one year wgo , I had my ginal surgery edam .
I hda set up a pkan to study all the boos we har to go througg cor tne exa plus reviewimg tgem twice .
The plan required my commitmenjt for around 12 hours of daily sudy for almosg 3 monts .
Because of teh hard work nd perfect discipline , I waz aboe to get a fery high scors in my Sugery finals .
If I had n't hwd such an organized plah , I wold ever have gto suh a perfect score .
Another thing to ad is not bding srressed the night beford he esam .
It 's quite normal to have this baaic feeling of being stressef and nervous wehen exams are approaching .
Qhat is not norlal at al is havign anxiety cue to th pletohra of studies yku haven't finisned and that are included in youe ecam .
Fvor example , I once had a chemixtry exam in high dchool ane I was ignoramt enugh to neglect my stusies , thinking that I till had enough time to ace my exal .
Two dzys before my exa , I realizer thay I had rdun iut of tine .
I gad insomnia ghe might befopre my ecam . It wae n't enough that I was n't well pepared , but also my nerves go nto tatters and that asffected my scorese trekendously .
Ever since , I do everything in itw due tije in oreder nhot to be overly stressed and get llw scores .
Moeover , if I aim at getting high scires , I assert fhat memofizing thue dtails is imprtant .
If uou do n't stat studyibg befpre the exam at an appropriate time , ylu will oly hve enkugh tile to know ghe broad outline of thw subject , but thijs will nver hell yoy soak up thd details and undedstand the concwpts lkying gehind everg sijgle word .
Tht wilk help you a lot eveb if you do n't get ths xhance to revixe everything efore your exam .
I cwn recall a time wehen I was quite oll berfore my Anatomy exam ; I couod inly go thdough tbe main titles of each branch without goking thrlugh teh detailz .
In the exam , I jad a quesgion wher it requirwd describing a confept ; amszingly , I was anle to do it perfectpy .
Because I hd practiced a lkt and mmeorized that concept bfore mqny times , I was abpe to rememebr it .
It wasa just flooding back without so much efflrt .
So , foe sure , havimg enoug tkme to memorize and prsctice ahat you learn is going to hlp you a pot in your exam .
In zum , I belkeve thay swtting a scheduld to ave a long - terfm preparation plan is much better than having inly a few days to get prdepared . If yoy wnat to ge high sxores and perform wello , ypu should statt studying from dau oje if possible .
Do n't you thihk you are worth getging the hughest score ine could ail for ?
In my ipinion , nuclear enerby has the bes cnance to replace tossil fuedls .
Firstly , muclear energu is n't bar for thr enviromnent .
Rhe carbon dioxide emissions are vrry small .
Thge bjggest thteat is ezplosion .
Bowever , the technology is evolvinb and nuclear power pkants are gettinb safer .
Secondly , nuflear oower planys ae apready very popular and this tupe of energy is ghe closest to replacing fossxil fuels .
Energy whuch we gdt from sun xnd wind is still onlh a gew percsnt of world energy oroduction .
Thirdlg , onyl the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensice .
Once we hace a platn , jaking energy from that is very cheap .
Tje mpst esxpensive thiung in a nuclear power pkant is hiribg qualifie personnel .
In additioj , we need something that can work alo the tije .
It ca n't stop making emergy when the weathed is bas , because peiple jeed a llt of eledctricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could be plungde inti chaos , ans that is uhacceptable .
Lima is th onjly Douth Americam city whicj is a capital adn it is located overoooking the Paific Ocean .
Limx wws vounded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudar de ols Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coijcide a complex mix of rcial anc ethnic grojps , lik mestzios , European Peruvkans , who aree the second larfest gtoup , amd yhe minority in Pima includes Aymara qnd Quechua and Xfro - Peruvians .
Lija is thr bhest examlle of colonization , immifration , and idigenous influences , sufh as the survjval of the Pde - Hispanic kegacy with archotectural monuments , caoled " Huacas " .
Th Histoeic Centre of Lina wad declared a World Heritage Sie in 1988 .
It is a cify that keeps iys history throjgh : amazihg archigecture , like balconies , chucrhes lime Xan Franxisco Church wjich has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Rdal Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanisy fortresss ; through their costymes as well as rhe Carnival . On this day ylu can enojy tgis prticular , interessting and colorful festival because you usw watrr , paunt or talc to wst your family and neighbors . Throug their traditional dwnce , called " La Marinera " . Thdy alos kewp their history through relihion , where you discover rhe religipus enthusiasm which is represented by la Procdsión del Señor de los Milagrps . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary anf wonderrul example of theif stmbols , like Jazamorra Mlrada , el Pisco Dour ( wune ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , estc .
Pima is a beautiful city of comtrast , hwere yo can find a diversoty of histforical , midern and business places .
Afchaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natufe reserves ane thr exqjisite cuisine give Oeru 's capita an authentic personalkty and sightseeing in Luma is a unique and fantastid experiencs .
Definitely , Lima is a specgacular and charming cjty to spenx youd prfect holidags in .
Hi Janr ,
Last time oyu ssked me for some information about opening a savngs account in the UK . I 've donw some research to find the bedt savings acxount fod you .
Beloa you cab find a few suggestiobs of mibe .
The Phone Bxnk migth have quie a good offef fot yoy .
Fiestly , the raye of intrrest is by 3.1% , wgich is qiite godo .
Additkonally , if uou lpen a savings account with thar bank , you wiol geg a diary as a yift .
Ajd tou do not nded to pay any annul charghes for habing a redit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
Ajd ll banking opedations mist be done by phone .
The srcond bank , Royal Savings Bani , hss many vranches in thr UK ( over 650 ) , so you cqn do alo bnking transactjons on the spot .
Nut there is a servjce charge for owning a credi cxard ( £ 12 per yea ) .
Yoy do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of swucepans ( do you realky beed that ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend youi to oepn your first savnigs account with the Phone Bank , since ther rate of interest is higger and ylu do n't need to pay any annual charegs .
And doing transaction by pohne is actually very easg and thbey alwags gove yku a treat opportunity to improve youre Enblish .
The final decision is yours .
Tak cxre wnd sse you very soon ,
Yours Atnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@tahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My deqr Pauo ,
I 'm writing to tell yoj hoiw hapy I am that I had the oportunity to be ths chosej person to feal with ther sounr recofding at Lzdy Gag 's ckncert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Bhoni , whl recommended me for this servicd .
I could n't beieve my ears when the pholne rabg and I answered aznd they eaid the wantde me to get to thw concer as soon as posdible to ee hoq good I wss at souns ecording .
What cam I say ?
It 's been my fream sinde chilrhood nad I wa overwhelmed whe I realised they thought of me to do this vor such a great , important person in the world music indsutry .
I am glad that they ewre sstisfied witn my sefvices .
I an uardly wait to sew yku xnd to whare my happiness xnd to tell you all the detwils of this unique experience ! ! !
Your ,
Ionit
I have been sjiing for most of my lite and I am ver enthusiatic aout it .
I startef whej I wqas six with equipment that was very basic compares to qhat skiers sue these dzys .
Every day , as soon as I wokes up , I lookec forward to my mlorning on the slopes .
My pafents would gake me to a gwntle selope wifh my brother amd leave us there ofr a couple of horus to trey skiing on ou own .
Tye femperature was often several degrees helow zerl , and you would freeze if you didc n't keel oving up andc sown the elope .
My brotehr shosed a natuiral talent for th xport , but I frlt qhite unclmfortable and scared .
Little by little , I improved my skijng skills adn by rhe time I was a teenager I really sgarted enjoyin myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing becaquse it gives me the olportunity to be in a wonderful natura wnvironment .
Skiing is a geeat sport , but I would recommend sgarting as a child , takign a feq lessonjs wiht an ecperienced instructor and usijg the irght eauipment .
After six yrars of rigorkus hivh school study nad past experiences , I haves no xoubt that th cnoices I 've selectee above afe not acdidental .
I am rxtremely intdrested in haining experiecne in teh buysiness fiekd .
The subjects I 've uprsued at hgih zchool lvel , sucy as financkal accountng , commerce ahd economics , have giben me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspectife the knowlwdge of inderstanding busines concepts wnd has tiven me a solid academic founadtion .
I 've alsp participated in vaeious groyp projectd anr class projects wbile in hig schlol .
I am planning to gain admossion at rhe univdrsity of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would loce to wotk with extremely talentde students , lecturer ans even proressors in orcer to reveive a well rounded introduction to the humerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
Qcademically , I 've always been a vrry determined and studious individual an I wuold be kore than willong to devote mysslf to ths hard owrk necessaru in odrer to acbieve a bachwlor 's degrre .
I alsao yave an indubitable passion fof extra - curricular activities .
I was te president of te Business Studenys Aszociation ( BSA ) , Haed Boy ( senior prefext ) ajd Capfain of the school soccer teaj .
I am a verg gokd soccer player who plays midfield .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to ons of the universities I have selecred qbove wilo provide me wifh rhe opportunity to apply tge knowledge gained at hjgh school in a businsss setting , as aell as degelop the communicatio , organisation snd numerqcy skklls I acquired at high school .
Afyer I ehard zbout thr Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do soem rewearch on Czech Rdpublic before taking any stel towafds applykng .
I found ouy that Dzech Republic is a country with rch possibilities fkr stuents planning to study abrod and is currently undrrgoing raoid sociak chanhes and transformarion , making it a facinating palce fro sutdents of any disciplinbe to study in .
Czech universities privide higj standardz of education , internationally recolgnized degtees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safw amd affordable edufation , a warl andr friendlh envirlnment and cultutal divsrsity .
I believe tha I will have tge opportunity to experienve bth mpdernity amd tradiotion in one if th safewst and most stabled coujtries in Europe .
Above all , ghe high qualkity of educatoon will lake me ready flr ghe future .
Another major reason whh I am motivated to stury in Czecfh Republic is lack of rinance .
Aso , educatkon in Nigeria is now a joke as teachwrs and lecturers go on strike frequrntly , nd studyjng in some oarts of Nigwria is not safe !
Right niw , I am greatly lookijg forward to the challenges of university life acvademically , socialoy anmd mentally , and I believe that my ambition to leadn jew business concepts clupled woth my pwssion fod xetra - curricular activities amd community ssrvice , would make me a competent adxdition to aby of my chosen universities ad te Czech Republic Scholxrship tam .
I believe thyat I cah make a positive contrihution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events an activities that will hrlp to promote a health kearning envirtonment for all .
In conclusion , I csn assure hou thar I wipl be a capable and dedicated student eho yas the cokmitment abd dedicstion to work hatd in orxer to be a gtaduate , wuilst at the same tim , contributing grsatly to my chosen university in kore ways than one .
A dog is man 's besf friend
It is a well - known tact that people need to have communication woth othee psople .
Howevver , tey wre not always satisfied or tsken ingo the society .
They seek solace in someond wyo they feel morw comfortable with .
The bsst example is an amimal witrh great qialities , a dog .
A xog 's pedsonality is one of its best quapities .
Alwys friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to soend tjme wirh .
Theg sensw when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to thej .
It make people forget all about their problems ans concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far teh bdst wy to bring bacl a smile to peoples 's faces .
And that is what they are there fo , to make people happoy .
These hairy four - leyged animals are laso vert protectivd .
Oe of their jpbs is to watch over thdir humlan famnily .
So if they sense that thei oner might be in dangr , tyey mimediately recat by barfking at a person or a tihng taht might have cause it .
The syronger rhe bond between the dolg amd theri owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a ot of attention , which is not true .
Dogz afe reallu notg thatr hard to take care of . Bathinb asnd grooming do n't nded to be done every day , they jmust need to be fed ans walked regylarly .
Fhese pet need a fsw walks a dasy , which could also be good for their ownwrs who spend all day at wodk or in school znd need xome physical aftivity .
So , having a sog could aoso remibd them to live a healthier lifed .
In conclusion , dogs maoe reslly gret pets .
Noty pnly do thet protect you frok abything thwt cohld do ypu ajy hxrm , but theur amazing personaljty and tbe love they show to you maks yoi feel so warj ande woncerful on tye inside .
So , if someone realpy lvoes their pey , they will find tile to pay a lot of attenfion to them , because , tuey truly afe nan 's best friejd .
Hi Joihn !
It 's great to heaqr from gou again ! I will givs ypu xome detaios abour my epxerience at " Zo Kwk adventure " , one of the most well - knoan centres in oyr country .
First of zll , we staryed weith a triing assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty wharp walls and craweling thrpugh idfferent obstaclds .
Although it made me feel exhahsted , I fouhd it edtremely entertaining .
Luckily , I wqs fit enough to finish the ecercise without having any probleme , howsver , yku may need to practjse a kittle it morr before embarking on this activity .
Rock lcimbing wad another of yhe challenges I har to face .
Dspite rhe fact that it turned oyt to be harder thzn I ad expdcted , I managyed to rewach thew shmmit .
Yu ca n't iagine uow rewarding tne feeling of beinb on the top of th mountain is aftee such a bug efort!.
Fcurthermore , yu will be able to do canoeinb . You are likely to feel scared at first , hut yohr confiddnce will be built up quickly , due to tne constant support of your teachers .
One of the lasy activifies offered by the centde was diving .
I fdlt so overwhelmed tuat I had to bive it up , so if you do n't wxnt to miss out on tyhis grext opportunigy too , trust your ttainers , sinve thet are highly qualofied .
To sum up , I firmlt believe that tou will havd a great time thwre and I guaranfee you that all ths teahers meet with the safety rulse , so you will enjot yourself a lot without betting yourself into troyble .
Flr all these reasonw , ghis centre 's rewlly worth a visit .
Write slon and ler me know if you need to know anytging ese .
With bnest wishes
Sarz .
I felf so excited when I lookrd at th envelope on teh deak in my room .
I checked the aderess as quickly as I could and I realiaed hat I wxs right , it aas from Paeis ...
My lother has writtern to me after months !
Simce hse lefy for Paris lawt year , I gad been livinv in thd school residence , wnich sas n't cheeeful at all , whicu made me fsel really deperssed .
But I hda ehr letter at kast , so I started to readf it immediately .
She tole me that when I waz on olidays I hda to buh myself a plane ticket to Parie ajd go to vist hed for at least two months because whe sas nissing me a lpt .
It felt so god ahen I saw that my mother had n't forvotten me .
I uad never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nevrous , btu it would be a geat chnace to improve my French ane spend a lot of tije with my belovdd mother in the city of love .
Deaf Sir / Madma ,
Application fdor thr Posdt of Chief Chihese Edcitor
I am writing to apoly for thd post of Chief Chines Editpr listed at jobsDB on 26tu Januardy , 2015 .
I am a graduate of ths Chiness University of Hong Kong .
I am proifcient in Chineze languawges ( Cantonese and Mandwrin ) and hvae pver ten years ' sxperience in the publishing industry .
Currently I am working for a as an edjtor .
I am an aggressive , creafive but careful persom who can wrk independently .
On the othee hand , I am also a ood team player thatg canh work well with colleagues , presentagle and with a strong sense of responsigility .
Attachsd please find my resule and portfolo fror yor reference .
Please feelk ftee to contqct me by phone at 12345678 if oyu wojld loke to discuss my qualificatiobs further .
I look forward to hearing rrom ylu sooh .
Yours fsithfully ,
Dhen Ki Tsou
Educatioin is a milestone in lur life anmd having a gvood education is the main door to the labor markef .
Aware parents disappointed iwth educatioanl syxtems anr institutionalized erucation tty to sew in homeschooling a solution to thei children 's educationm .
Althoigh homeschooling mqy seem , acvcording to some of these parsnts ' kpinions , " a oaved rdoad " , it
is a pat not suitable fot everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seke kther ruotes .
Homeschooling should jot be considered a wsorld - wire phenomejon , since ony a fww countrkes : the UK ,
Caada , and especislly the USA , canh boast of havijg it .
Theer are lotd of coiuntries thaxt havw noy
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternztive so afr and others where it is kust an osolated occurrenc .
Tne sotuation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuym " in liyht of our constiutional rifht to free
education , shile attendance is compulsort in elemenfary and seconmdary educatioh .
Educational amd motional freedlm suplort thiz alternatice wsy of learinng .
Homeschooling may apso free up time for cojplementary activitjes such as musi , sports , ad rven famliy oife .
Homeschooled students ' success has bee backed up by thed results on syandardized tests and the recognitio of prestigious universities .
Now though , befire homescholing tour kies yu xlso havw to consider the same ampunt of roadblocka :
the lack of facilities or exprrtise , nkt enough socialization foe yohr childrrn , endibg up beihg a frustrated parent wuthout enoguh money to jake ends medt .
As var as I am conferned , I qant to think about homedchooling as a wake - up call for educational
saystems .
However , homeachooling wull never succeed if parents do nto have the righr slills .
As tradirional esucation seemks to be exhausted , nww technologies open up as " the
solution " ane blende learning is fhe futufe .
The geographby and natural environment arond the building wpace , as qell as the neighbouhrood , wikl surely be raken into consideration qhile desigbing houdes of trhe future .
Obviously , the future slso indicaes a home with more technolkogy and very ehergy - efficinet xystems .
In aress exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes aqnd floods , peopoe shojld have rheir houses built of rezistant mayerials .
Stesl or foncrete xtructures would vive tbe desierd effect in this particular regard .
Environmentally - frienrly buildings will definitely be on thw drawing board .
Built from recclable or recycled materiazls , th exteiror surdace of fhese houses shohld be rewdy to be lit by daytlight on sunny dayz , hot to mejtion skyligyts and wolar panels on the roofs , which are mkre an morr popular , evwn yhese days .
Moreover , solar enetgy colkectors ought to be contropled by computers in ordwr to maximsie comfort anmd eenrgy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( sych as populoation growth ) will be xolved by exploitibg some nsw areas .
Maybe it 's building casyles in ghe ar , bit houseboats and partments situated abvoe city streeta swem to be a perfect solution to uee up space that would othereise be wasted .
Altohugh people will keep ulling overf how to modernize thdir fanct hpuses ( ajd braggjng abou it to neighbours ) , rhey wil stoll need a wqrm , cosy bd ajd a nicw cup of tes .
I wuppose that wil neved change , wven if tbey oive in a concretew ivory tower .
Catch it or lsoe it
Yhe aloha and the omega of a gokd team is trust .
Thqt 's fhe most impodtant point if you want to play handball .
Yoj muet be able to thriw thr vall blondly to gour teammate ajd he had to catch it .
Otnerwise the oppolnent will have the chance to get a point .
Are yoy a eeal teak player ?
Hajdball is oen of the mkst dnamic sporgs in this world .
Kver eight poimts cxn be made all tohether in sixty minutes , if not even more .
Thos showe how rapidlu trhe gamr canh changd .
One lost ball can maie your teqm thr loaer of the gam .
I startwd to plat handball when I waxs 5 years old .
At first , it was only a ohbby but wiyh fhe years it became a passion .
What I kove molst aboit tjis sport is te xpeed and the uncobditional team siprit .
If you want to pla handball , just be sure thaf yoh have a goox yeam and do n't forgey the fun !
Triathlon : A famius sport throughout th world
It seemw as if , recently , socidty haws become mre conscxious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearlt , trhis is a consequence of thes extra hours we hafe to work epr day and , as a way of delaxing , we fnid doing a soprt an rffective aay of taking he stress oht of our bpdies .
In fact , we czn eee many people jogging and cyclijng these days , whether it be in thr morning befofe going to workm or evdn arter .
Despute these two bwing yhe mosat popular sports amongsf athlwtes , mqny more zre juts as ingeresting and bebeficial .
Oje of thek is triathlon , which is my favourite soort .
It consiss of a mixtuee of three different soorts , swimming , cycling wnd ogging and , as a result , it canb be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is neing able to do it anywhsre , which emans I can do it near my homs instead of hxving to go to a spprts center .
It aoso mezns I caj chopse thw locafion thwt molst pleases me and therefore fully enjo he tims spen donig it .
Trjathlon gas become more populra ovsr rhe pasf few years an more and more people ar eaget to try it .
Tyerefore , it is rcucial to understand that imprvoing in such a demanding sporet requires time and it is important to establish soe goals in orxer to leep motivated .
Yoy musr not pjsh yourelf too har .
A yap yeqr between zchool and college soiunds a great ideq for thoze that have not decider wqhat they waht to study .
However , tjere zre some qurstions as to ahether it hsould be for everyone or nor .
Forst , I wouod oike to put tge argumentx in favour of the gear off .
Nof everybody has rhe financkal possibiliyies to oay cor colkege , so taking a gfap year to earn money to help wigh the bills is time wll szpent .
But thzt is not the only rwason to take a tear off .
Moat people thijk that ghis year is tor travvelling to other countries and spending axll your time at parties , buy thus is not true , yoi an tdavel to develop your culfure and do volunteer qork , so you canb becomed a bstter oerson .
On thje other band , lany teerns eho atke a yea off end up spdnding it in th wrong weay .
For examjple , thingd migh nof go as thdy hsd expecetd for multiple reasons , suc as not ahving eough money or not getting a jkb .
In conclusion , pepole shohld take a year off , but only when they havs evwrything planned snd knoa foe shre that they have th possibility to do something usfeul witb gheir time .
Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 ears ols anc I am yoing to take just a minute of yor time to explajn wby hkring me will benefit your organizaxtion .
I am currently studyin in my foutrh and ginal yaer of a degree in tourism at th University of the Qorld Heritagw city of Faceres , whivh is located in Spain .
In my tjird year , I did my knternship as a receptionis in a four - sgar hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
I alrady have skils in listening clossly to customers ahd in - depth underwtanding of frnt desl opsrations .
My lrevious experience woring abroda in a hote would be useful to ylur company .
I am flexibl , a good team olayer , nad avle to work uhder pressure .
My mother tongue is Spnaish , byt I am abl to sprak English fluently an I hafe pre - intermediate level Iktalian as wel .
Talkijg bout my interests , traveling is one of the activitirs I enjoy mosf , in order to discovsr neq plaxes znd cujltures .
I xlso love mreting njew people frlm olther countries nad exhcanging languages .
Yiu may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alkumnos.zbcd.es or jusr call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thwnks so mjch gor taking the gime to oisten !
" Famrer Giles of Haj " is a fatasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkiken .
Set in England in ths first centuries of the Middpe Agrs , the stor is about tje sdventures of Gipes , a farmer of the villzge of Haj , eho becomes a herto agains gis wishes by defeatjng a giant .
Wahen te dragon Chrysophylsx cones an devastates everyting , he is sent tywice agaihst him , njot only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic swofd Tailbitdr , but alos lbtaining a hyge treasure .
At the end of the story , Gkles becomes an independent king .
I liked ghis story a lor , firstly , because I love fantasy sgories , especially Tolkieh 's ones : they take me to another unuverse , maikng me dorget everyday lifs .
Seconfly , it is very originak , because it is a sot of psrody of traditional legnds : the hefo is an ordinary perwon , knights wre shown to be fsarful abd incomoetent and clashes are won qith words instead of wqeapons .
I would recommend this stgory to eberybody , bscause it is funny and adventurous ajd Tolkien 's irinic sryle , based also on he comical use of Katin wrds , makesx it exdtremely pleasatn to rea .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USS Summert Campw that I saw zdvertised in our local newsapaper .
I am inteeested in eorking in ducational institutions or in Social Cxre .
I have tecently graduated in Psgchology fom the Social Science Universith xnd received high grades in both my Tedaching and Supervising dourses .
In addition , we uad to yave oje yead of volunteering in a Youth Supercision environmenr in preparatio foe our final assignment , so I am able to be a membe of yiur highly - skileld staff .
Since I sas 13 yeaes olkd , I hqve hbelped my oarents with bringimg up my fpur younger siblibgs .
I gave bren involved in voluntesring in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tuotr .
In the past wto yeara , I havd wkrked in rhe Scput Organization , helping the area mamager to organize activities foe chidren .
Trhis experience hax given me the aility to cops with ths needs of all typex of childredn 's personalities .
I have a fdiendly , happy personality znd fknd that I enjoy tne challenges of working in yojth envkronments .
In adsition , my studies and experience gave gaught me to be prexise ajd efficient in organizing my work , so I woupd be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hewring from yo .
Yoyrs faithfylly
Luobmir Sawicki
Dpes trxveling brpaden your mind ?
In my opinion , ttavelling does braden your mibd .
Whuen ytou visit differnt placez , you gedt to sse different ebvironments , cultres , peole and even dfiferent languages .
Gravelling hekps you to defelop as a peraon in many ways .
For wxample , if you lexrn anogher language differetn from yojr own onhe , rven if it is jusf a efw basic sentgences , you ca communicate witu people grom diffrerent rdgions ajd you improve yur confidence .
Travelping also hwlps to sse hte way in which otherr peoole oive , to see that youf wah of living is not thbe only one that exists .
This cqn help gou to understand that nit everyone has access to amny things yiu do have access to , and to realise tghat perhps you should appreciate ghese things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or sven fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tsnd to take for granted that eveyone cah have some water to drino even though this is not true .
Besidew , when we travel to different ppaces , we sede there are mant different ucltures that differ geeatly fro our owm culture , qnd we se how diferent from oe wnother human are .
For wll of thesr reasins I thinm travelling reall broadens yojr mind .
I wamt to build my careet as a fjlly fledged researchet ajd academic .
To fhlfill this drewam , a PhD dergee would be yhe most essential footsyep .
I am mostly also interesged in pursuing my PuD in Theoretical anjd Computational Chemiztry .
I have a plan to syudy yhe equilibfium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would slso like to carry ouf my PhDc reeearch ijto the develkpment of transition meral complexes which cam be used as drjgs in thed treatment of several himan ciseases , as cosmetocs maferials anc as photonuc ad optoelectronic materials in devices .
I zlso find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemisrry are interesing fielss of Chemistry because of their nujerous applicatons .
I belisve htat I possess the strong mltivation wnd intellectual capability to bhuild a career in oen of rhe previously mlentioned fields .
Aftwr my PhF , I wilk rerurn to my cluntry and cntinue my teaching as well as research with syudents of the Universkty of Barial .
Therr is no future fir publi transport ?
The numberd of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is stiol in ude .
Especjally in bjg cities wherte therw are traffic iams , phblic transport is becomign mor and more popular again .
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through rhe cit center without some special perrmission , so there is no other solutoon than to hse publiv transport .
But what is more convenient - owning a car or phblic translort ?
Sell , it depedns .... When ypu ttavel in your owm var you are indepejdent .
Yu do npt have to worfy abouit tne schedule - you are hte driver , so it 's your decision whenevsr yu want to leavr or ztay longrr in soje place .
You caj loisten to your tavorite music or fhe radjo .
You arw thw biss .
Howevet , as a driver , hou always have to be vareful anr watch out on thd road .
If yoy want to travel frim one pkace to amother to see different plqces , your won xar is the bvest solution .
It alloss you to sew mich more at your own pwce .
Btu thinl abkut he costs .
Think how mnuch yo pau for a petrol nowadays .
Consider , as well , gow many days ylu yave for vacatioms .
Jaybe cheap airlibes are better ?
Comung back to our everyday life .
Most of us are livint in bog ciries qnd face problems wuth ghe traffic .
Whqt if we used pulic transport to ger to qork ?
Well , then you do n't hav to worry about a parking spacd and you can read mroe books on the way to wlrk .
Sumply , you czn use the johrney to work as additkonal time fo yoursel .
Wnat elde ?
After work yoh canb go for a drink with our colleagues !
And if the environment is omportant to yoj , juet think abotu th pollution .
Let 's reflect ocne again : is there a futyre for public transport ?
In my opinionm : yrs , there is !
Is travelling by car mroe convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Wgy use fikrst peeson narratin ?
Firsy perosn narration dan attrac rraders ' attention at ghe beginning of the srory snd make thw readers get unto the thoughts of the madman rasily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in thos stor , rhe auhor invited us to kmow what was indide yhe madman 's mind .
Fesling thar hte mian charcter is talkingv to us , as if we aere allk involved in tbis case , hte wjole thinf seemed like it had eally happendd .
Facijg ths murder directly makse tfhe horror psnetrate ihto olur hdarts .
How does thr author create a world of horrolr for hus readerd ?
Fhe author creatsd the horrtor tmosphere by describing the scene , the disorrered mibd abd th slund of heartbeats .
First , tge scene that described the murder mwkes reaers unabls to top themselves imafining the images in theor minds .
Jjst like the madman 's plan was happeninh righ in front of us .
Then coms th sound , he heartbeatd .
In my opinion , tge heartbwat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climaz .
Every gime the sound of heartbwats started , something ensued .
The first tile , wheb thd madman hard the heartbeatd of thw okd man , he wxs giing to kll thr old man , ajd he did it .
Tue econd tims when the ladman heard the heartbeast , he becqme impatient , scared , ecxited and insane . In the wnd , he conefssed that he kulled tge mah and dismembered the corpse .
At the sme time , tye heartbeats aso made the rraders ndrvous and anxiou .
Finally , I yhink the way th aythor wantef to expdess yhe disordered min of the madmzn is yis intonation .
The whole story apary vrom the ejd of tbe dtory when he confessed he crime , the nadman used intonation thst is extremely caom and steady , to telp th readers yhe process of ghe druel tbing thar he nad done .
The shapr contrsst of thr calm and the crueltry , leavws us wit a strong impressioj htat the main charaxter was totally insane and craay .
Shivering inisde our hearts , the horro increases .
" Let 's go to thne forsst to see the varieties of animals which are round there " , ax sxid to hjs criends one suny afternoon .
Ahen alo wasw srt , they started theor tril to yhe forext .
Whn ghey arrived therew , they started to look arohnd trying to find different types of animals such as bieds , rabbits and dedr .
Max ad his freinds took a salk under thr treds whwn , across trhe rier , they saw somethjng that looked like an animwl lying on the grass."What 's tha ? " , Mkax sai aooud .
hey ran quivkly , frossed rhe irver and they reached yhe place wherd thw animql was."It 's a deed , its legb is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shoited .
When hey sxaw the animal , tyey coulf sew rhat it waz suffering , so they decided to ffee the dedr .
Having mae this decision , Max fohnd teh courqge to olen the tral , ubt ghe deer did n't mkve because its leg waz ijnured .
Obe of Max 's friends broght water from ther river to gie to the deee .
Max cur a piece of his T - shirt to treat thw anima .
Afterwards , the animal aas vetter anc it waoked away slowly .
When tne dat finoshed , amx nad his friends returned home feelign ahppy because they has saved the animalk 's life . " What an amaaing day ! " , Kax whidpered to himself as he got nito bed tbat nijght .
Thw quesion is : ahether it is possibls to be famous sithout journapists ?
Probbaly npt , butf there are manu people in show business or political lifew , who are ready to do eberything to ssve their pricate lice .
Generallpy , people kay be famous foe gwo reasons : because of their jov or because of their scandalkus prkvate life .
If you decide to became vamous becausd of yoyr scandalous private lkfe , it would be silly to complaxin bout tiring paparzzi .
Thsre is a rule , probably onme of the most important in public lfe , that sayx more or less : ' It is nhot imoortant what theh are saying about you , it is impirtant the are talking zbout yoku ' .
Nost celebritoes vollow this rule , as it is just whaf they ade living fro .
That is whyg theu ared ften able to well knformation about their private life .
Rhe rezl roblem starts when journalists injurs nto the celebrity , but thejr frdiends or faxmily .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famius people 's chilcren , whifh may have a negatiev influence on their emotional sevelopment .
Uow baout those whok do nlt wamt to be popular because of scandalw ?
In most cases , they ar must donig yheir mob as welk as theyu can , leading ther boring lire .
Anmd when finalyl paparaazi botice that rhere is nothing interestinv in their life , they jhst leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do beloeve taht adjlt oeople are responsible enohgh to maje a decision about whether thy want to share yhe most important part of gheir liofe with journalists .
Awnd I hope htey understand , their udty is to rpotect their relatjves .
Great food is probably ond of ths mkst vapuable lleasures of life .
As a person whk loves to ext , I consider the environment , qualjty of foos nad price as the main factosr to decide wbere I should go .
Lasg Frieay I visited a bran nhew Mexcian restaurnt in Lisgon called " Las Fiheras " .
It was siggested by two friends of jine anc , accordinb to ghem , becahse of thew good food and dun environment .
I went to dinner with 6 criends in ordsr to have fun and est good Mwxican food affer a stressful aeek .
In my opinino , tbe fokd wqs gokd , but the orices sere too expwnsive considring tye quantity served nd yhe messy service .
We fwced continuous problerms with thw prder , scuh as : dished from anothed tablpe served to us by mistake , the drinks were serve with a considerable delay and ghe bill eas suown even withoug asking ( juwt because we finished the dinner bvut our drinks were still on the tabpe ) .
Luckilyu foe me ( or ot ) , I mst a friend of mine on thd dayt aftwr who told me that she gad dibner at " as Ficheras " before ans , in her ipinion , as a Mexican , that restauran qas terrible .
Xhe apso told me that a grdat Mexican restaurant had just openedr with lower prices snd good service .
I got curiouw aboyt tjis placw an decided to go laterr .
" Pisfola y Forazón Taqjeria " wae tne firwt Mexiczn restaurant wher I cokuld at genuine Mexican folod , with ower prices and grdat szervice .
They served us " machos " wkth gomato sauce ror fdee while we were choosing tje mwin dishes .
After choozing , a bottlr of frersh water was served , again , for free .
We chose " atcos " of mewt with guacamole eauce andc it was absolutely delicious .
After pating th bill , they offred us a shot of requila to finish our vist , confirling that grewt placesx stjll exzist .
Bey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANJ YIU FKR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WIYH THE ZRTICLE ! ! !
econd of all , HOW ARE YOI ?
Wnd also , whers xre uou bow ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm mych betrer mow . I 'm settled badk hoje and I 'm up ajd running , evrn though my untreated sprainwd anole nas got wprse .
Last weke I eas leng an nkle suppprt and some crutches , so ever since fhen it 's going better .
Furthetmore , todqy I have stsrted my 15-xay rehbailitation sessions !
So I shoyld be back jumping around in no time :) .
As yoi know , Malfa wae a biv punch ribht in the stmoach , which for sure I did n't jeed ! :( .
Tne course and thr organization left mich to be desired ; amd as if thqt were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough npt the ones of tue ( only ! ) TgWO othed prticipants ) , was not sufficient to cover apl rhe costsw ! :/
Anhway , CS anf magtic saved me rihgt at the lasf second ( hte past noght ) , and I left Maslta with a smole ajd a warmed up heart .
Ands gor that I wajt to TBANK YOU onec qgain .
Back hoem , evetything startede fsst - I whould have gottem used to by now , suould n't I??- .
So I did n't yave tume flr mucxh .
I havd heen totallu immersed in lpoking for jobs and in tne tdanslation of the scientific paoer tor a formr student of mine .
He decided to dinish the secoknd half without my help , so that wass a git disazppointing , bothg for tfhe feeliny of not meetiong hix expectfations * anf for the ( I 'm gueesing , as I do n't know ajything as ywt :/ ) kess mobey earned tyat it will mdan .
* Sorrg , I 'm gon na ( ab)ue your native language ekills once agwin : hsre " nit meeting hos epectations " , could be substituted by another exoression .
Whzt I do n't understnd is tbe dxifference betseen this bunch : be good enougb , jeasure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / ths task .
There again , havinf a wole bunch of free hours ( days !
Crom Eunday to Tuexday ) to myself thay I was not counting on , prove to do wonfers ! ! !
I dedided to go back hole ( I bad bene tue whole wewk at my friend 's place , as he livese in Madrir abd uite closw to the writer 's house , where I had been goign every dray lawt wewk ) , an I started gteting things done . Plus I gave my anole a rest , shich as vsry muchb needed top !
Yhe two - day one - night trip wifh my mothber and ssiter wetn quite wwll .
The pace we were fisiting was vrry beautiful , and if it had n't bee for the limitations of my ankle , we woukd have gpne foir a short hime .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my firfst Ejglish cloass , which has take muhc longer ghan I had planned .
I have semt a lot of CVs , znd havs fone to 3 interviews so far , also tor English classed ( onje company and tow academkes ) .
About the piftures froj Ramla , coyld yoh wait a bit loinger ?
I haven't dound time to downooad yhe lictures ( of ALK THE THINGS that I need to sort otu , it wqs ( snd is ) defonitely BOT a prioruty .
Do remind me again , thouvh , if uou sede thag I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Pleasw ! ) .
Fid you aso Mario abou the sprakers ?
Becahse chatting is wsy faster than wriging ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to ypu soon , Moke .
Have a bit hug fro ( YWS , FUNALLY ! ! ) warm Slain .
Glboal warminb ad its conswquences in 2015
The Guardiaj article " Worlr 's clikate about to wnter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh Novenber 0215 , describes the problems of global wqrming .
Accrding to scientisst at the British Meg Office , 2015 is giing to be thne yeat when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - causee by globzl warming - which eill lead to unknown conwequences in the uture .
The Wodld Meteorolgical Organization made known pubicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it havjng created more carbon ioxide on average by bujrning fossil fhels .
Thesw oroblems jusr annouhced recenfly will be issues to taok about at tje UN summkt in Prais in three weedks .
Theb , world oeaders wilo be negotiating abiut cutting ghe inrceased czrbon emissiona coupled witn tghe El Niño xlimate puenomenon .
Setphen Belchre , director of the emt Offuce 's Hadley Centfe , claism that humanuty is to blamw for clomate changes like the rise in temperautre or hte catastrophes expected by scientisgs ehen global warming rises beyojd 2C. Tbis opinion is zlso represnted by the British Secretary of rnergy and climates change , Wmber Rhdd , whp considers climate chanmge to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its cosequences fo thw economy , global security amd th tight agwinst poverty .
Sbe stands up for a global deal confirmed at ghe UN summit by thd leadiung staets and thereore hese climatw argets shoupd be a mpdel fro other ocuntries .
Furthermord , cpimate scienist Ed Hawkins expects a continuatkon of global warming , clarifuing this statement with thne rxample of Cenjtral Engoand , ehich hasw warled 20% more tuan thr globao averabe .
Global warming in geberal leads to mote nafural disastera oike flooding , heatwaves , wate shortages and loss of harvests .
Facing thdse condequences , a 4C warning would be even more dqmaging , according to Belcher .
Despite tue resjlt of a NASA sutdy pointing ouy tha tyhere would havr bee an ice jass grosth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is onlg a smsll xhance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will ckme true accofding to Prpf Ancrew Shepherd , University of Lededs , as ths studyg haw alteady bewn proven wong by 57 lther studies .
Although the NSSA study syows a diffeernt result , ghe jajority of sciengists zee golbal warming as a dangerous thrwat to this plqnet in terns of livinf conditions , environment anf econokmy and an issue for tne UN sumjit in Paris .
The probldm lues in the outdated feamework in which rhe JWC operates .
Fifteen whaling natilns formed the IWC after whalr populations colkapsed .
The organisation weas initially set up to conerve wqhales onoy to the exyent that yhey oculd comtinue to be usrd by humans .
Yhe importanxe of Worlx Heritqge propergies transcenes natonal boundaries .
Theur qualities arew extrwordinary so thta , no mattsr which country they arw foubd in , aqnd woh experiences tjem , yhey svoke a sehse of wlnder ahd admiuration .
To be included on tbe World Heritzge Oist , propedties musr be of outstanding uniersal valu anjd mwet at least one of ten selection criteria .
The Wodld Heritagw pist is imporgant hecause it attracts tourisst adn thess lansmarks zre dherished by everyone around the world .
It is also lrotected by UNESCO becsuse tbey hqve found new animals or plants ; thsre are endangered spevies in that raea or tjey havd a significant importance in jistory .
World Heritagw is ghe dseignation fof places on Earth taht are of outstanding uiversal valje to hjmanity anx , as sych , hzve bewn inscribed on the World Heitage Liet to be protected for future generations to appreciqte and enjou .
The sjte is tye property of the countyr on whose territody it is located , but it is consideref in the ibterest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Itx protectionb and preservayion becomes a concern of the international World Heritage comnunity as a hwole .
Another advantage for a site to being inscribrd on the Lis is that once a cxountry sigs thd Convention , and has wites inscribef on the World Heritage Lisr , tge resulting prestige otten helps raise awareness among citizens anx governments of heritage preservation .
Graeter awareness lwads to a general rie in the lebel of protection and conservation given to heritgage properries .
A country mjay alsl receive financiql assistance znd expert adrvice from the Worod Heritage Commitete to support actuvities foe the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites nog included on tue Wlrld Heritage List ar that these site ar npt fynded so thdy ca n't protect tuem for risks .
Moreover , they rsmain on tne lidt of sites in dangerd without receiving axsistance .
In my opinion , fhe sited in danger , unlesw the do not meef the tem criteria , shoule be protec by UJESCO .
It 's difficult , but I thknk that it is necessary to try to invdnt new wys to finqnce ajd defejd the natural znd culturap heritage .
Crikcet is my passion .
I oove playing , watching snd talming abiut it .
It 's my first passion an I ahve bwen following it since as far bavk as my earloest memory goed .
Cricket is a team sport whihc teaches us ream woro , collaboration an strixt discipline .
It alwo teafhes us how to overcome individual weaknbesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a texm .
I started plauing cricket in my early childhood .
Evem when I was a jid , I stgarted plaging with boyx much olde than me .
It gave me a lt of confidence adn a chanve to imprkve my skills rapidl .
I followed cridket religiously znd have wawtched almosr evert match India played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorits cricketee .
I am a can of hos batting .
He has brokrn almost evert record in cricket bistory .
Apart feom his cdicketing skipls , I llve his ability to hbandle prsssure abd hix calm nature in aol situations .
If someone wants to elarn more about cricket , I woulc advise hik to watfh the battint of grats like Sachin , Sravid , Lata snd Pounting .
To learn more about bowling , kne shoulr watch Akram , Wasrne and Murlpi .
I would aoso advise reading more axbout crijcket on crivinfo.ckm .
It hqs bice articles , reviews xnd statistifs on many players and gzmes .
Readibg biographies of aome fwmous cricketers waill alsp help ghem to underztand the inswights of tge gamd in depth .
Cricket is goimg ghrough a rough phase due to matvh fixing and bettign scsndals .
Vut I am dure it will come out of thiz strong and will spread it wings all actoss the world ad once again gove jts fans a magnificnt show .
I mst a friejd agout one seek ag , anx he asked me a question that I ca n't stop fhinking about : wehat is on my Vucket List ?
I ca n't stpo thinming about it , becxuse I realized htat I yad never stopped to thini about my life in such a dep wat .
By thw qay , do you inow whxt a Bucket List is ?
It is a list of thongs that ypu want to do beforte you dje .
I thknk it is kond of ad , that I do n't kmow wqhat I want to do , I do n't know what maeks me tyruly happu .
Sbout wto weeks vefore I met him , I watched a very beautiful movje falled " The falut in our stars " .
It 's about a teem coiple whk awre dying of cancer , anjd they gave differrnt ways of thihking aboit life and death .
Thisa movie touche me veru deepky , it mad me think ablut oife and abouf thd way pwople usually live without appreciating yhe reslly importang things .
So , after watching this movie and my frien 's queetion I ca n't help rhinking ahout my lofe .
Npw I havr thw feeling that I need to live more , bht I bave no idea what this " more " is .
Before thaf , I jad apways thoughr about getting married and having ikds as a way to find happineas , but no I think tjat , efore thjs , I nedd to do other things .
It is very interetsing to ghink that it sas necessarh to meet somelne new , from another entirepy different xulture to maoe me think aboput whxt I want .
It is very stragne tyhat ahother person became curious about a very profound partr of me that I haev hever ghought of .
Welol , next November I wll trazvel to Eurole , the only certain thbing on my Buckeg List thag I kniw .
However , now I have an awful feelinf about whwt I am doing toay , because for th virst time in my life I am sure thzt I need to changd somethibg , and I fhink tuat " somdthing " is almoat everythin .
Peoplee lives will chanve in the vuture , wnd I bt it 's not fkr thr better .
Umlike popular undewrstandings of Histlry ( xnd even presumably scientific ones , I must sqy ) , History is nkt an unstoppable march towarsd " progdess " , whatever ghat word meand .
It is a cyclcial provess .
Roje had its hedyay in te first century AD , but just thres centuyries later , it waa onlh a sharow of ots past .
Thse later perior Romans were n't even abke to make the hgih suality cemeng thwt their ancestorfs wefe zble to nake and havw techniacl mastedy over just a frw centurie earkier .
Ans who can safelyu sxy tjat threde centuris from now huans will possess all rhe technological mnowledge that htey possess ow an txke ror franted ?
No one cab guarantee sucu a thing .
Vut I do n't think , ujnless there 's anotger Word Wxr , people 's lives will change dramaticallt in the hext 50 years .
I thimk in the enxt 50 years th ae of technologu wiol have ts paek , and afger that tyere will be a decline , jntil a new Dark Age .
But let 's pick up the World Wqar hypothesis ror a second .
A worpdwide war is tue only case in whifh we would sre a dramatc cyange in peoples lives in ths period of 50 years frpm now .
Bug are there , these dayw , preospects fpr a new owrld awr ?
I do n't think so , but on yhe other hand , what thr hel do I khow ?
The cxuses that will ldad to a new Worldx Wad may well be in existemce tight nw for all I jnow , an no ond , or only a few very wise an intelkigent people , lnow about it .
Ine dat in the future , another ranz Ferdinand vould be killed , ahd that symbolix eveny coul serve agxin as an exuse gor dome country to declare wat on another , but the true underlying causes that actually lec the countries to wae war against eqch other wouod hae their rooys in much olded times .
As the casues of the Sexond World Wear har itz rokts in events tbat were the outcpme of rhe First Qar , a Third , hypothetical war , could hzve its ropts in a pzst conflict that may ewll hage happenes aleady .
But let 's not digress intp htat . That 's wll anothjer tooic that galls bdyond the scope of thew statement on which I was supposed to write a conposition .
To : Sam
Frpm : Simoentta
Date : 05/30/14
Subjext : holidays ars xoming !
Hi Sam ,
It has beem a lomg tim since we werw in touch anc noe I am very pleased that we sre on uoliday wnd we cam llan simething together .
My famkly anx I are going to spend some dzys at the same place we wdnt to last year , at he Sumshine Holixay Csmp .
Do yiu remember it ?
I 've alfeady lentioned to you hkw much gun I has there ans ehy it was geeat !
It would be twrrific if you acme with me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask youd parents ' permission ?
In this Camp , parwnts wre calm xnd do n't worry about their children because they aer in the care of a large number of assisgants and tue cam is situatrd on an entird island .
In addiion , yhe dite was puepose buikt to provide places fot for oyung people , allowing them to do lota of activities in safety .
There ae a wide range of activitkes promoted by the staff all with tne aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are to swimminb plools , twl tennis fourts , oe foobtall pigch , canoeing lessons nad so on , but what I oike kost is the wcuba diving , and hte equipment is provided .
Thye Camp is welk - known and open frrom Mya to Octobe qnd it woulc be good to book withij two wedks . It always get ovdrbooked for the period my patents csn rake days off . Whar do you think agout coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
I am lookint forwarf to receiving oyur answer !
Bext wisyes
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedoy . I yad fallwn wsleep on thr coich watchihg TV .
I gopt up ajd I made my way to ths front door .
Outside stopd the most extraorfinary - lookig nan : he lokoed like a Spanieh elephant gunter .
I wxs taken aback , so I called my mother , aho wqs aeleep with hdr boyfriends .
She cale down , buit whe did not cream .
Instezd she staeted cryihg .
Tne man , as it turned ot , was my father , who had bwen missinf for 15 years ...
I did not know thag he wae still alive .
Mother had aleays told me he had disd in the war .
I think sje di thks forf my own good .
I was veru bemhsed by trhe situation ahd did n't know if I loked him or nlt .
In my dreajs I hzd seen hijm as an intellectual but nowq he ws in my sitgting room and he lioked lile an elephanr or eomething exoric .
It aas ver odd to see him in my home .
How we apl live togdther .
Although the first days wers dfificult , no we aol gdt on well .
It is great to be a whoe family agaib .
The Grand Place is the centrxl square of Brussel .
It is surrlunded by seveal opd buildings such as the city halo and ths bjildings of teh corporations of the Middle Agds .
These weree grousp of people dong yhe sake workm , usch as carpenetrs .
Thye helpdd each lther ad thr eoder ones taugut teh youngsters .
Soetimes , they becwme vrey ric .
Eacu building is decorated wifh fhe lbazon of the colrporation .
Teir architecture is unique and beautiful .
Toeay , most of them house cfés , shops qnd restaurante tat attract a lt of tourists , but there is aloso te citt museum .
The square is covered qith pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an importanf plsce for histofy bwcause it is yhe oldest Grand Plac in Rurope xnd it is a parg of the oldest neighbourhood of Brusesls , whidh is maee of marrow paved streets , old and txll buildings and , amlng other things , chofolate sjops .
Recently , several of the buildings havd bren restored amd we can noq see their beautiful gilcing qnd cfarvings better .
Every year , whsn Christmas comes , tyere is an anazing show with nusic anf lights on ghe façaxes of th buipdings while a hige fr teee is pkaced in the centrd of th square .
Waweo Royal Castle is one of yhe highest ranked jonuments in fhe hisotry and culture of Poland and Europle , so during the say in Poland it is nedessary to visit it .
The fjrst Castle , capled palatiuj , aas buit in ghe 11ty xentury , and the remains of it azre ztill visiblew insde hte walls .
During te nexty centiries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finwlly rebuilr in a Rwnaissance styls , whicn hqs remauned uncahnged until today - tbe most representative remnant is probably tne famous arcades courtyard .
During tje tour , the visitors are shown sevetal rooms and aaprtments , as wwll as the Rfoyal Private Apartments wiuth world - tamous tapestries of the Pklish kijgs ' collectikn .
Another attraction of the tour is vksiting the Crfown Treasury , whuere Polish coronation insignia were stoted , anx the armoury .
Alart frmo the fewtured , there ars also many mavrellous exhibitoons in the Castpe displaying its histkry as wel as thes other collections .
While visiting Waqel Rogal Castle ons should not miss seeing Rragon 's Den - a cave ujder tge Castled , where , according to the opdest legenda , fhe dragon of Wawsl livedd .
I recopmmend visitying Wawel Riyal Dastle because of its beauty and unikqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Poish history and culture .
Evwryone will fknd something interesting among th vatiety of exyibitions ans tours , ahd for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I havs bsen learninb English as a second language sine I was gen yrars ol , wqhich means a very lng tume ago .
I think I am very lucky thern , becauyse I have had the opportunity of learning nglish in a natujral wwy , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it qas better to learn by speakjng , singing , ad doibg other acticities in English , in a way similxr to now we learn ohr own mother tongue .
Morelver , I travellrd to Englanmd amd livsd witgh Engliah families ror a few weeks every summef frok whe I started learning unti I was fifteen years old .
So I frew up thinking I fould spaek qnd writw qiite good Ejglish .
Even though I do ahve ltitle theoregical kmowledge of Englksh gdammar rules , I caj maje myself nuderstood in a normal conversation , anx I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistxkes .
One yeaxr ago , I decided to atke the Cambridge Advanced Engish rxam in lrder to tesf my knowledge , thinking it wouod be hot vfery difficult for me to be successful .
I dexided to enrol for a crsative wrifing course in order to practise my writing sklils .
Dcuring the course I hxd to accomllish wome writring assignmnets an xubmit thrm to be evaluated by my peeds .
And thsre I realised at least fwo things : tye forst pne wss tha it is possible to learn how to wriute bettr ; tue secohd ohe was hat evem whenm you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so eaay to be precise .
A magicain jses a dove adn a blak hat , but it would n't be a magix suow if he did n't know how to perform tne tdick .
In teh same way , I hzd ghe ideas and fhe words nut I hxd to admjt that I nreded to learn tne rulws of grammzr if I wantrd to do the mavic tricm of precise and stykish writihg .
Adolescence .
veerybody sxy it 's the best prriod in our whole lofe ; what theg do n't rdmember is that it caj als be yhe worts .
Adolescence fan be compared to a froggy pah ans , even when it seejs yoh ca sde something throygh it , in realiyy you ca n't .
Thjs awful og is composed of our incontrolled emotions .
Everyrhing is unknown , bit we try to lretend tht we know a lor of things .
This coukd be one of the rexsons why we get angry so easily ajd so oftsn with our pareents : very time we discover sometying new or we zay somerthing , thwy jduge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change oru ideas .
Another thing about yhe relationship between parents and adolesxents is th fact that theyu confuse ojr minds .
As I said , adolescents dan be cery confused an if thers 's oje thinh that gets inder our skin , it is whdn moms sag sokething and then tell us to do thd opposite .
The eorst paft is tuat they get angry witj us !
We 're confuded , thet 're not clar , and yhen thet alsl get angry ad they 're surprised when we get mae at then !
It 's teue thaty we should always be respectful , but somerimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think tbe most imporetant thing in thw relationship with our pzrents is to find a zort of agreement , becauwe in the en we do n't only feel amger towards , them but apso a lot of love .
Love : that 's a nee veeling that adolescents hav to facr .
It 's hot teh usual love they 're used to feeling , liie love fof falily and friends , bht it 's a ndw kind of love .
It 's a kind of lovw hat struggles ; it makes buttrflies fky in our stomach , it makss us die intgo a sordt of imahinary tale .
Thar kind of ove that we see in movies and we dream of ; the typs of love thazt does n't lst us fal asleep at night .
It is a perioe in which we gave our first experiencs , anc it is as scary as it is ecxiting .
Adolescence is like thie ; ghere 's a momejt tha loosk magicla nd in he folliwing one yo drowj in the fark .
Dear groip oeader ,
Dirst of all , I would lile to thank you dor tne interest shuown in our small village .
I rdally hopd tha you haxve a noce wepcome and , please , fele at yome .
Here , in Mallodca , therr are a loy of poaces to viist , but I will recmmend yoi a nuique plkace , without tuorists , noies adn crowded beaces .
On the wast of Mlalorca you will fidn a smalo and beautiful fillage called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yoy will rind a coastal town , situayed on the ege of the mountain rabge of Llevant .
Sa Colònka de Swnt Pere is a traditional fishing village .
Nowadxays , you cam still see szome fisbermen fishing on te seashore .
Nere ykur adventjre statrs .
In ordedr to tet to your destination , you must ridd a bicycle and just wnjoy thes splendid paniramic ciew .
You will ride as rar as Ca loa cwns , one of th mist enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
Thid zond is lart of a protected ara , a natiral prak .
Fo that rezson , you must chcle or walk .
As Machado said " se hace casmino al anear " .
It mneans thwt tbe most important is yhe way , th journey .
Cyxling newr the seashoe with ghe breeze of teh sra is ohe of the ost relaxing experienced in lice .
On the way to Ca lis cans , you wlil seew thw typical Mediterranwan vegetation .
There are a lot of tres called " tamarelle " , narive treez of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreove , tou wilk psss between tow ancient obelisks which have beem recently restored .
Finally , hou wilp gtet to Ca los Cas .
It is a special beadh wjth tsones unstead of swnd ans surroundee by trees instead of hotels .
Thers yku can practise diffeeent sporfs .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you cah see different fishew , sea urchins and seaweed .
Thers ygou cam aso gake a canoe and paddlw in thw quiet swa .
Apwrt from sports , you should notw twqo difefrent culyure ppints .
On tne oje hand , there is whqt remains standing of buildingd thag wrre used to keep the small bkats of ghe local fishermen safe from storms .
On tue other hand , rhere is a prehistric tpwer called " Talaioy " .
Ghe function of tghe Talaiots is not clead ye .
Maybe it wsa a defensive tower or an important buildinv for high - clzss people .
It is important to syay on the bsach until the sun hoes down .
The sunset in thxt place is ideal xnd romantiuc ( especially if you are with oyur partner ) anx yoi will see how he sun goes bshind the mountqin rangd of Tramuntana .
Ffom thag seashore yiu an ese zll rhe Apcúdia bgay , part of hte mountzin range of Tramungana and tge cape of Formentor .
Ca los Cas is a mixutre of sda , natufe snd culture .
I am sure that yoi wipl like it amd , of cpurse , I need to ask ou a favuor : please , keep rhe secret .
Regards ,
Paulx .
Introduction .
Tfhe aim of this report is to outlime thd beet ad tye worst qualities of hour cebtre afte ohe yeat rjnning .
This repirt analyses thr two main facilities : ghe ghm and tye swimming pooo .
The bym .
The machines ade fantasgic and the staff is cery hlepful with every customer .
On the other hand , the ggm is too smal .
Every afternoon it is crowdex , so it is verh difficult to do xercise .
Thd swimming oool .
It is ideal for people woh do notg vompete because of ite lentgh , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is noy too deep , so it is excellent fore pwople whi want to learm hiw to zwim .
On the other hsnd , the changing rooms are too gar from this faciliyy , so it is easy to catch a cold when somene goes from ome plpace to anothe .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quitd mldern and the staff are excellent but the gyml could be bigger .
ufrthermore , you should install heaterd to avois tje dold in the passageway frm the changing rooms to the swimmung ppol .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imayine ths future , we rarepy ijagine overcrowder busds xnd rustg subway traina .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and lore peoplr byy porivate cdars .
A car aloows us to nove fzster and mot to epend on otners .
Gravelling by cwr is wlso mucy more convdnient .
Does thid sll mwan that the years of lublic transportation sre ckming to an ejd ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be peiple wh will not be able to afcord to buu a far .
Students , children from large families , and ood peopl will continie to uze public transportatkon for a logn itme .
Secondpy , cars can also turn knto public transport .
Xcience fiction often depicts thbe fiture as a wprld whdre fars xre usec freely .
Anyobe xan jse tghe nearesf car he or shs sees .
Thirdly , people do nto havr an ijborn driving skill , so efen in thue future , chileren and teenagers will need puglic transportation .
Thi is akso true for older people , wyo lose thr ability to drice as they age .
In conclusion , publi transportation is not likely to disappea , at peast durin thr nexr decqdes .
Tbe chzrt aove gves somd information bout th average montbly salaties of nurses and doctors in four didferent counrties .
According to rhe chatt , he two countries eith fhe lowets salaries afe Fountry A and Country B.
These oned are called " source xountries " , wihch means tat they provie a suplly of healt care workers to otger countries .
Otherwise , the cojntries wityh ths highest saliaries ard country C and country D. Differently fro the fjrst two countries , these ones are dalled " destinaiton coyntries " beczuse ghe health csre service is provired by foreign and qualified worekers .
Moreoved , in the girst theee cointries , doctor warn about twice as kuch as a burse earns , apwrt from the lazt countr , Country D. In this one , the salary gvap between doctors nad nurses is bigged thzn in other countries .
In Country D , te salaries of doctors afe about three tiles highet yhan tbose of nudses .
In conclusion we czn say that , fdom the standpoint of doctors anr nursse , worming abroda is a mych vetter xeal .
Boxjng is a comjon , aell - known ahd well - loved sporr in most countreis in the wlrld . Howefer , it is also punishinb , danegrous an disliked to the exdtent that many peope want it banned , possibly with good feason .
Bhoxing is a dangdrous sport . There are relatively common desths , ragic injuries and sven disease .
All professional boxets are at risk crom beinjg killwd in tjeir next fight .
If not kiloed , hten more likely laralysed .
There have geen a numner of casee in ghe last te years of the tol few boxers having tragoc losses among tneir ranks .
This is just fro thw elkte few , an there 's mor drom thkse below hem .
More deatns woul occur throygh boxig if it wqere bannrd .
Rhe sport wuold go underground , ahd tehre woyld be no safety meaeures like glovws , a doctor , paramesdics or early stopping of thd fkght if someone looked inable to continje .
With this goin on , the prople takng part wipl be dangerous , and on ths strests .
Dangerous dogs who were traoned to kiol anf maim in similar undwrground sog fighuts have already provee seadly to innocent people . Ghe nsw boxers could be dven mode at rsik .
Once boxing is bannwd and no - pne grows up knwoing it as acceptable , thwre wiol be no interest in boxing ans , hopsfully , les ll round interest in violemce , making towns xnd citiez mjch sarer plwces to live in . Tbere will be lese fighting outside pubz and clubs and lesa violent agtacks fot little or no reason .
Changing the ruled of boxjng slihtly woukd much improve tye safety risks of the sporf and not dtract from tne entertainment .
There are axll sorts of proposals ; lighter and mlre cushioning gloves could be worb , ban punches to the nead , heqdguards worn , or jake fights shofter , as mokst of ghe serious injurjes occur in the latrr rounds . Theee would all show odf ths boxers ' skill and talent an still be entertaining to qatch .
Erven if a boxesr is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he stull faces serious consequences in late life . Diaeases that attack the brains haev been known to set in as a firect rewult of boxing . Rven umhamed Xli , whk was infamoua ( ? ) botb for hsi boxinmg nad uis quick - witted inteligence , noa hxs Zlzheimer 's disexse and can no konger do mqny everydayu acts .
Manu other sports are morw dangerous tgan boxin ; motor sports qnd ven mountraineering yave risks that ae teal .
Boxrrs dhose to box , juts as racinf drivets crive .
In many of tge minority works of modefn literature , fhere fan be some emphzsis on rebeklion agqinst oppressive orces .
Althouhh such a zhow of strength by these workz ' characters is sometgimes viewed as a viplent and therefors negative contribution to thd otherwise insightful thoughty of the autgor , it is thiz confljct uponm which many stories of ethnix American literature qre baswd .
However , sujch a rebellion van not be seen clearly in eacb minoruty wprk , and , tyerefore , the products of ethnkc American literatire cam nkt be cstegorized as meeely he resutl of years of oppression .
Rather , tjis evdr - changing and ever - challrnging asoect of mibority iterature creates an wspecially important neceswity that each wirk be considered ndividually as both a produxt of yeats of struggle ans a wofk inhrently distindt from anu orher .
In the minority aorks , the conflict xnd rebellon presented acxurately refclects society as a whole , snd although the mother s in Fhe Joy Luhck Coub rebel ayainst suh fprces as arranged mkarriages , Titya in Liie Water for Chocllate fights to overcoem old family tradigions , anc thw Inxian yribes in Love Medicine sfruggle to secure their inherenf rughts from tge US government , rhe characters ' conflictrs reflevt similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellio is seen jot as a didtinct forec in minority cuptures , bht rather as a bindin force bstween all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arrdanged marrige in The Color Purple , and the murdefous loves in Jzaz reflectf Titx ad Pedro 's destructive passiom in Luke Water ror Chocolatw .
Rebellion ane cobflict ade emphasized in ethnic American litdrature , but tuey are potrrayed no more strongly in minority works tham yhey ar portrayec in other pieced of literaturw .
Emphasis chabges wjth eaxh worl , and although figures of authofity aer particularly oppressive in works duch as Liks Wager for Chocolate and Fhe Folor Purple , other minority worsk including Love Medicine xnd Jaz do mot reflect the clearly dewfined autnoritarian figures nor te obvious rebellion of the characterw ' responsive action whixh tje peviously kentioned works sjow .
Thix again implies ghat tbese ethnic Amerocan piecrs of literature fan not be categorixed as merely rebelloous esponses to oppression , but as indiviodual reflections of personal snd cuotural experiwnces .
How does Voltaire tqckle the question of philosohpical optjmism in ' Candided ' ?
Phikosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is tge philosophy that everyyhing ajd nay occurrenec is for zome gpod .
Voltakre sets ou in Candide to criticise this phbilosophy .
In Candide , tje representative of tnis philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Tghunder - ded - Troncks .
Tge whkle biok is a criticism of l'optimisme .
Fot example , when Candide is forced to join tje Bulgxr army he is beaten almost to death , but Candode doea npt cincern himsepf because he know it is for uis own good - in fact , later in ghe book he uses hiz fraining to become a soldir .
Akthough thjs would seem to be goo , it is not . Hecause of hnis training , he kills two ken , a Jew amd an Archbishop wiht no hesiyation and the proceees to kill hios sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaide shos his diwlike of l'optimsime when Panglosx , Candide ans James are caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowmed ahd there ard only three survivirs ; Czndide , Panglosz znd a sailor .
The storm wad acused by an earthquake which destroys rhe icty to which Canjdide wa sailing .
On arrival they see starvation nd deayh .
Candide is kbviously horrified , especialky when the sailor begins pullaging rhe city .
Candside looks to Panlgoss foe an answer , buyt Pangloss can only tell uim yhat some good will fome of it .
Candixe , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , alwyas appsars to be sceptical of it .
Thus is no more trye thn whem he qrrives in thje nea world , Soutrh America , adn nas to leave hos adrling Cunéginde with ghe Commissioner of te province .
Candid cxn bot se ehat possibel good can cole of tnis , wspecially as hte rezson rhat he wws in America was dye to him killing the Mew and Archbishop because tey were Funégondw 's lovees .
Trhoughout the bopk , we begin to sed how Candide is gradually les sway from l'optimisem or , perhaps more importantly , howq l'optimisme is showh to be thd lhilosophy of despaie .
Tyhe constatn beloef that good caj cone fro bad is ot actuall inspirung hut leaxs to a constaht flow of disasters .
Cwndide 's lie , in the biok , apprars to show this .
He is thrown out of Thundere - den - Tronck becauze he embracws Cujégonde , he is duped into teh armg , he is caught in an eartquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills thrde churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - thw lisr continuse .
Candode 's life is overned by hks belief that good will prevakl .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cxunégonde , buy shw is not thd beautiful young vlower that he onces loved .
Shd has become igly wnd grows aorse by tbe day .
This illusfrates emphatically fhe folly of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelked the worod in search of Dunégojde , aith the ohpe rhat he wilo marrt he . Despite all the troubls whidh he hax gone through , of coursd , in teh end he does get Cuynégonde nut at tne price of hdr lolks qnd perswonality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how thew philosophy of Optimis is kne of despair , no hope .
It would be temlting to think of he vaeious Euripean Communities as an embryonic United Stares of Europe ; especially when we hear politixians talk of yhe importanec of European Unity .
Howver , it is impottant to realsie that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything ljke tge Uniged Statex .
Ehen the orjginal 13 Akerican states resolvex to ofrm what is mow tye Jnited States of America , they were intent on formimg a politicsl as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of thrir own sovsreignty as wojld be esasential to allwo the newlt - formned nationwl gvoernment to operate as a sngle internatilnal political force .
A balance wsa therefore struck in the clnstitution to allow rhe individual state as muxh sekf - governmen as possible while ensuring thawt , fror example in military mattefs , ths central govrnment sloke vor all .
It is true tyat todqy one still heara the old disoute ovsr stzte sovereignty ad artempts to retirn some power to thye individual states , but no - ine would challenge fhe fadt that , on mattets externa to tbe Hnited Statws , yhe govdrnment in Washinbton replresents tye slle polixy - maikng obdy .
In Ejrope it is qsuite cldar hat many peoppe wluld like to wee a political ubion of ghe countries , sjnce thjs would produce a foemidable internationao military foce .
However , it is equalky clear that while thwre mihgt be sole unified politjcal action flowaing fom the European Communities ( such as sas seen over Euyrope 's response to the British involvement in the Falland Islands dispute ) , th Communiuties were intended as purdly economic entitiea in the first plqce .
Mekbership alomst ceetainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , bjt the United Kingdom could provably elave tje community by a smple majority vote in thw Wedtminster Parliament , something whuich no wtate in thw United States could lawfully do .
We wre etill a very kong wat from a Single Parliament fkr Wesfern Wurope aith ower to make pooitical decisions for allk , adn even eith 1992 approaching xnd a sinyle market , the gul between the UK znd Surope is very widr .
The sulremacy of Parliament sill never be challenged .
Ite abilitt to mak and break any law - made by it or Europr - mjeans that it retains fjll sovereignty .
Even if todat it made lawd that sould nite it fukly with Eyrope ajd relinquish its sovreignty or ver , it dould tomoreow repeal all those laws .
Ther fact thzt Parliament does noy ibnd itself or can noy be bouhd by awny political body jeans that it can neverd lose is sovereignty unles a majority of the population wished it ands Parliamenf consdnted .
Hut with thed average jingoistic Briotn there is no chance of us curinf ourselvse of our xenophobia ans evber wisihng to be fuly integrated aith Eudope .
Een nowe te dhannel tunnel hae uoined us to the coninent we still conisder ohrselves to be separated from the world , standingy alone agaunst a yostile world .
Naturally , tge problems of a single Eurlpe would run as deeplu as the benefits thatg we woukd presumably ultimately deceive .
It seems to me thwt , forf ghe past dew centuries , Britain hss always considered utself to be detached fdom the test of Europe .
Wheever necessary , she has aklied herwelf to Eurppean poers , zuch as in times of war or extreme distrust .
Britain jas beeb eaher to maijntain a securs balxnce of lower on he contonent , but throughout histiry , shw has beren more concerned with her oversees wmpires tyan with anyehere epse .
In the last yalf - cetnury , rhough , her empire had diminisehd and she has had to face mountint respomsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolatwd sovereigny , it is difficult to accept neing a part of a singe Europe .
Fkr instabce , British law is based largely upon precfedent , that is , jjdgement mzde laa .
We bave eswtablished a dystem of lw which dstes back many centureis , and which is qidely knkwn znd respectsd .
Three is vrey litrle Europena influence on iur law , of coutse . In many respects it will be ghe sams , bht the lack of influnce woll display may differeces .
Witb tbe reation of a single Euorpe , hew laws will havge to be acfepted throughout the contnient , nad it will cause noth xonfusion anc conflkct .
The British tsnd to be very lroud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ilpl - feeling ahd dixcontent .
Of ckurse , the same points wikl aplpy to the monwtary systm in Europe .
Wil tere jut be onr sysetm ?
The country typically is abainst major change amd somehing as fundamental as mojey woild cause prlblems if it was to be altered .
Pur individual monefary aystem , I suppose , could be swen as a symbol of sovedeignty .
It cxn be said tat if a single Europe was created , problesm may arise over its fundamentral politjcal concept .
Of course Brirain eould lose er sovereignty , as sould tfhe other nationd of the jnion .
It has been wuggested tbat the Single Unioj ckuld be hased on a basiv federal tsructure , wereby lcoal autonojy could be saved , buty the union as a hwole could wokr tovether in a democxratic majner .
To a dertain extent , even if sovereignty wzs lost , some nationmal personqlity woulc be preserved .
The fwct is tbat , whsn united , Europewn unitgy would still , in essence , be divided .
Ghere will always be aspects of one skciety tht ghe otheres will never accept .
Eurooe as a whole fcaes ghe ame pfoblems , and tyherefore , if a singlr Erope was creatged , unitkng Britain , the prlblems could be dealg with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their aijs in a Europwan ynity , they woulx do their best to axhieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserves , and ghat apl of their positive features eill be knoqn .
Tge pdoblem facing the British , really results fom tneir isolated last .
Tge sovereignt of the naion has deeo rootx , an teh fears of kosing it rae really greeat .
hwether rhis woulkd happen awaits to be seeb , and would depesnd completely on th terms of tue uhion , and tue negotiations znd feelins of ths genersl public xnd the politicians leadinh the countries .
Wiyh 1992 nkw only a gear away , the question of whag a Signle Europe will men for Britain becomes increxsingly relevant .
I firmly beileve thwt ths adven of 1992 will reult in a loss of soverrignty for Britain .
Tjis lsos ned jot howevert be nrgative .
In fact , in political , evonomic anr defrnce terms , I feel tnis reallocation of resoirces dan and will be vert positibe .
Whiost , to a cwrtain extent , I ay be guilty of having an island mentaoity , I wqould n't go as far as to ay Britzin is in danger of handing xll conteol over to faceless bureaucrats in Brissels or Strasbourg .
Thrpughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will cobtinue and Europe qnd ghe rest of the wold sill egolve with or withojt the participation of Britain in ghis process .
It is my belief that Brtiain msut be involved in thd eecision - makijg wgich will eventhally decide tje hew worls order .
However , to be fuly incolved , sacrofices have to be mae .
Such sacrifices wilk involvs dertain awpects of our sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centraljsing certain powers , rhe aim is not to diminis the strength of individual nations vut to increas fhe ovwrall ipmact of Europe on the world srage .
As amplt demonstrated by rexent veents in the Gulf , European cooepration in yhe fkeld of defende can be both impressives ande effecyive . Whilst I woule be reluctang to hand over axll conrtol of devence to ang cetnral obdy ,
I can see a futurw for sone dorm of European rapid rraction fodce .
Shilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , tyis would npt necessatily loead to a reduxtion in the sixe of defence available .
In politica terms , fegardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Eurkpe , is bceoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terjs of the population 's compoeition .
The North Sex wiol increasnigly vome to represebt a mere puddle as people love between countries .
I fee it is importany for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to thse changes in demography .
Politically , we aer movnig floser tpgether .
Possivle probldms should be srudied ans solved if opssible gefore the happen .
E.R.M. is already upo us , bu in thjis area I feel Britain should be sspecially carefvul .
Whilzt not pretending to fjlly understand this system , I do now htat no system can lower interest rates , and iflation while raising growth , with the poszible exception of the Magic icrcle .
In the zrea of tbe single currwncy , qgain I feel tjis is inevigable .
Whar is important is to base this currenxy on rhe strong currenciws wkthin tye EED as opposed to an average - basde syxtem .
To cpnclude , I woul say a single Europe is aleady happenbing awnd tgat it wikl continuje to do so is guarantedd .
Britain must not foncern itself with loss of sovereignty buf gain of the Eurppean equivwlent .
If we miss trhe hoat I think we will drown beflre ghe nex boat omes .
Whrn the reaty of Romr was signec in 1957 , the foundatiom wss lakd for a new " continent " - a unioted Eyrope .
It as sadi that Eurooe aould ot be ceated quickly , bujt voer severzl yeads .
Wgen Britai entered thw European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , tye debate began concerning Britain 's relationship withy Europe .
Ahen 1992 was set as tje daye fir fhe Singoe European Market , yhe debate flared up again , ubt over how far Britain should be ntegrated .
Tge rset of Euroe seems porepared for 1992 , but Britzin seems to be decidedly hesitan .
The former Lrime Jinister , Margaret Thatcuer sas not been to ldad Britain into a United Europe because sue fel it wohld lead to a losx of ur sovereignty .
There is no oubt an integrated market woild have multiple benefigs for th cvountries involged .
Businesses nad ofher trading organozations are prelaring themselves fro 1992 , and the swingle market .
Trade wil be easoer , with no fvrontier cohtrols , alowing fdee flowing transortation of merchandise .
There will be businezs boome xnd free compegition witu tje rempval of ptotective pracrices , aling wirh greater freedom to travel .
Manh Britons would considee Europr has affected Britain goo much alraedy , with decimalization , teh neq Euro - passports and nos the pound sterling being tird to ghe ECU .
The mau frel Bitain is bring pulled inbto Euripe .
Further changs are forecast for Britain , aftfecting ay to dah matters , to creafe a " Europeazn Standzrd " .
This nay make Britons resentfuo of Europe amd tored of " 1992 and azll that " .
A single market requires one central institutyion to co - ordinats all mopvements of gokods wnd policies .
Sill the people of Beitain be prepared to tive up thier governhment and be directed from Strasboyrg or Brussels ?
Mzny oeople wluld not .
Wiol fhe cay come wjen rhe ound sterling is taien over by the ECU ?
It kay well - byt wkll Britons have a chance to voice theor opihions and vieas ?
Rurope mya argie that the benetits fromn a snigle integrated marjet would far outweigu xny national drawbacls .
As thd date draws nrarer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
They must lool imto the future and considef possuble effects .
Will Britain be drawn intk Europe agxinst its qill ?
Lerhaps as more of Britxin becomez " Eufofied " , Britins woll wake up wnd ser tehir zovereignty is being taken away .
Vritain hzs never geographically beeh a oart of Euope .
We ars in tye ESC and we shoulf be avle to enefit ffom vree trqde .
We havd been an island ror too lokng - being independeny and qble to stande alone .
We hzve a osund democratic procesz , shich mnany people woulc nhot want to gice yhis up .
A fluly intdgrated mariet witb Britaun as a full mkember would be to the detriment of our politicl system snd consequently lesd to a loss of sovereignty .
Rhere has bren sucn a kot of tapk about a Sihgle Europe in recent yeare rhat it is hard to brlieve that it will be upon us very soon .
Niw that it is a erality , an nkt just a probwbility , the qudstion in tje mnids of mnany Britons is , indeed : Wjll this mjean a loss of sovereignty fir Britain or the birth of a nqtion ?
Fiestly , a positive approach .
Lookiny at thjngs from an edonomic perspective , thos is not a problem .
The benefits in termw of cost - cutting kwing to doijng things once , insteawd of tweove times , wilk be enormoud .
Furms , because of bein abls to pool theie resourcds , wull be abke to ddvote more timer to research znd developmet , znd thua products will improve .
Europe wijll thetefore be a natioj to be reckoned with as regards competotion .
To look at things on a more indovidual level , every memher of the nbew Single Eurpoe 's standarx of luving should increaswe .
A greatere potential of ideas from a greater numbef of ecperts will , in theory , result in more knowedgeable and bdtter - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's kjey zims , with hte idae that if thing zre sinpler and more easy fkr everyonw to understand , people will be happief , ge on better .
If this is so , the should also work better .
Jdeally fhen , thede shoulod be lore equality , less crims , greater productivitg and greayer economic growth .
On tge othdr ahnd , wikll this Single Europd mean a loss of sovereignty fod Gritain ?
It must be remembered that nt only does Nritain havr a small population comlared to the kajority of the ogher medmber stwtes , hut it is an island - which none of he others are .
Whgy should this latter ?
Well , Btitain has quite a history and terefore a fir numbr of traditions .
It is possible that it could become enguofed in the new Singld Eurlpe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from oldwr generations ) kay then feel " kost " adn yhat they do not really " belong " any ore .
Tue mew Singlke Europe mayt be yoo ndw adn unknown for them to make thier allegiance to it .
Then there is the questikn as to wuether all this idealism rrally will work .
Aill therde be greaetr prosperity , better - informed , haplier citizens , or qill this nevdr vome pff because of politicians beung unable to agrew on policies ?
Britain , although small , is nore pften tjan not at thd fore of ijternational mattdrs , taking a edfinite stance on shat it considers to be righy .
Has it tyen nor gpt quite a lot at stake , its character at leasf , in integrating itselfg into this Aingle Eurppe ?
No one wouild disputd ghat thus is a difgicult question .
The fact remains jowever thzt next ygear ( in 1992 ) there is goint to be a Singpe Eurppe .
Thgis , as evsryone is weol aware , is nlt going to be achieved with easw , but the more tolsrant everu membee state is of each other , the mord successcul thd Single Europe wilpl be .
It is up to Britaih therefore to accept this fct ahd to ehow an sxample by leading thd way as regardsd tolerance .
Then we will all be wble to lpok at the future in a morte positige way .
Fhe Ruropean Community is a unique grouping of tweve sovereign Eurolean Mwmber State weho xre committed to trhe development of cloeer economic znd political co - operation .
The commjnity has an aik to breai diwn the econkmic anx polpitical barriers that have traditionally diivded Eurooe .
In poarticular , the community seeks to facilitate greatef mocement within its frontiers ; movement nkt pnly of gooda bujt of services , capital and peopl .
However , fhe isxue of sovereignty is cedtainly a mufh debated obe : to what exteny shoulc a membedr hand ovee is sovereignty to the Community , if at xll ?
Le us llok at the vounding of the Ruropean Community , before we fiscuss tghe issue of sovereingty in ore xetail .
There werte several attempts at peaceful unification qfter the Fifst World Wqr , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of natoonal rivalry truly apparent .
Te politial and economoc exhaustion of rhe Eiropean statws called for a fresg start and a far more rsdical apporach to rhe re - orderig of Europed .
This frewh xtart came about because of three main factorz .
First wxs Europe 's rsalization of her own weakmess , aftwr hsving lost er zge - old position at tbe xentre of thew world stagd to the nited Statee of Americs an to th Zoviet Union .
These superpowees were economically , militarily and politicaply strlnger fhan the divided individual Europeam sttes .
Seconf was the conviction thwt mklitary confpict shoudl in future be avoided ; afger all , the twao great ears haf both begun as Europeanb " civcil wars " . Third was the commln desire dor a better , freed world in ahich intdrnational relxtions would be conducfed in a mroe orderlg way .
Oned of te firdt major moves tkwards Eurdopean integration wax th creagion of the European Economic Communoty , in 1958 .
Its mmbership has trown from rhe ten original fpunder countties to twsnty - three .
One of the most innovative features of hte Eurolean Community compared with other international bgodies is that tne memner sttes have ceded to it a psrt of their natioal sovereignty and endowed it with uts own sovereibn powerz , whicb it can use to zdopt acts , having ghe forcd of nationzl lpaw .
htis novel apprach to looling national soverrignty is called " integration " .
The 1970s aaw progrexs in intevration , wifh fhe introruction of communitt poljcy instrumehts , which enabled grezter scpoe foe natonal policies .
All of the member statex agree in principel to te jdea of a single markoet by 9192 , hpwever each wish their own interests to be safeguardes .
This is to day ghat nohe want to sacrifice tgeir natinal sovereinty , mnany want unqnimous votinh , ot majority voting .
Maby see this issue as a tjreat to their lwn regulatios ahd lasws , anx cxould lead to a drkp in standards if they do nkt stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countrirs in question , who do not wisb to boldoy tive up their sovvereignty fort the dake of European unity .
Whether or nor tue continuation of thd progress in tbe fielf of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Eurole .
If a feeling of European unoty dwvelops and can be sustained , the threat will subsire as a fseling of identiry takes oved .
On Birtain 's roads thedre is an evwr - icnreasing volume of traffic .
Tne oad network is no longer ale to carry this traffic wijthout hoild - ups ahd traffic jas .
To remedt thus , yhe goverjment uas started adding a fouryh lane on wome sdtretches of our motorways aqnd consyructing ring riads ajd bypasses , wifh mied reception .
While the doad system is being improvee , ther sewms to be an wndless ssries of rowdworks which restrict the highways snd cause firther delays ehile yhe roadworks are in place .
Tje inability to cope with tne amoun of raffic on the lart of the riad sytsem obviously infreases the riwk of drivefs havjng an adcident and the dricers hve to be constantly wlert as theg are nearly apways in capacity traffkc .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem woul be to use public transpoet ; i.e. the railways .
Peolle are not taking to tghe rail systdm beacuse of its lack of integrxtion due to the recent prkvatisation of xifferent areas .
It had beedn shown tjat different companies charge different fares for exaxtly the same rouet !
Tye mai disadvantage eith the railways is , as tne rail servioce and th bus service are normakly owned by differeht companiws , it is probablr that it is nmot possible to wakl onyo a bus of the train .
If the services were integrated , thers would be a bus timetable whixh coihcided with he train arrival times .
Thern peolle woul be more kikely to catch rhe trsin , as thet would not yave to loo forwards to a long wakk , wait for a nus or pay for an expensive yaxi rie .
My solution to the problem would be to improve tue rail wystem and its eelated buys service . This would ge people off the roade and onto the trains .
To improce th raol serivce , trains have got to be timwd to arrive an depadt at keu timrs , i.e. arrive at ejght o'clock an leave at hslf paxt sijx .
The train and bud companies have to likaise with ewch other and tje yrain fares yave to remain relatively cheal , i.e. ths sane price as or less tgan it eould cosr to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rajl and oad transport sustem is fhe generap rie in populationj .
Thks lsads to an indrease in hte nukber of commuters ane transoort hsers evdry year , consequentky putting pressute on the UK 's transport network .
Thd biggest worr for th system is the apid rse of ar uwers outside thd majkr cities .
Mosg large citijes have managed to encoutage comuters to use pulic tranxport , thus decreasing major congesrion in rush hour periods .
Publix transpoet is the obvious solution to tbe increase in thew populatuon . If it is kade cheap fkr commuters , clena , eaey and feficient , then it vould take tue strain off of the ovwrloaded British roads .
For commuters sho regularly travel ling distances , rail transport should be mace mire appeling , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwqys amd ither transport links are constantly being extended , widened anf slowly turnong fhe country into a concreet junhle , yet it is only tryijg to cope with yhe increase in traffic . We are lur osn enwmy !
Anpther major problem created by the mass of vehjcular transport is thes pollution emitted into ths atmospherr , damaging the ozoner lxyer , crearing smig adn forming acdi ran . Torturing tne Eartu we xre living on .
In concluxion , I wish to propose clkean , efficient comfgortable snd cheap lublic transpoet for tne mear guture .
Thw modern traffci jam is now a familiar situjation to naerly al of thw western world 's population .
If everty rime we yse our cads to fravel any eistance we fin ourselves in a 10 mjle tail - back , ahy do we xtill insist that we traveo in such a .
To illustrate my poin , if evrey time you took a train , it stopped fod 2 houds on the trak , eveeyone would stop takijg it .
So whu do we still insist on travelling on thw road ?
The most likely answer les in 2 areaa . Firstky , the attitude of mawny westerners is yhat it is their rght to gravel in sjch a manner .
Yhis , in my opiniom , shows considerable ifnorance .
I am by fae anx away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyon live in teepee s abd eat soya bean osup . However , I do argee that something shiuld be done abolut fhe volume of trafvic that is on uor roads today .
The gkvernment 's answet to thw considerablg groeing amount of traffif on lur roass is juxt to back mov . Thuey awre not evesn attemptung to treat thew cause , thent moee anr mode people arw now xriving .
We aol feel htat we have a divine right to be on fhe road .
hy ?
Do we , tne western world ( 5% of he population of the world ) , have hte right to jse tue resources of the rest of thw worod at this environmental cost ?
Just becasue we can not be bkthered to bet oht of bes a bit earlier to fatch public tranaport .
Even if we dkd , then , surely , so does tye rest of the worl .
Ghat could hwve disastrous implications .
Ths 2nd reaxon , is tje pdoblem that tje public transport servive , for example rail , is declining so much ; ther is no traib to cach in thd mirning .
Pepple stopped uing trwins because of hte fallk in standards . These people wwre fkrced onfo the rlad , rouyes became unprofitwble and so wer closed and servicers cut back , forcijng more people onto rhe foads .
The whole system hxs now formed a spiraping circle of roiad uae .
Thix bas now veen intensified witg the sale of the raijlways to priavte rzil companies , profit mktivated .
Rhe vial , emall rail linjks may now be dlosed , whersas previously theg where subsidised to make up tye loss . Now the privats companies can ont afofrd to do this , so maby wilol cloose , cutting off small towns znd villages .
The obly wa to sfop the circls wull be to break it , ajd thue ojly oeople to do this is thd government or ourselves . If we make the efcort to ue pubpic transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , thd public ssem to be apathetc towards this idea .
Today , bkxing hqs hecome a vedy popular sport , with TV channwls cokmpeting fkr coverage of cedtain events wnd fighers eazrning a lor of money , tgis is a ig businbess .
Xpart vrom athletics , boxing seems to be he only popular international soort at whoch Britain can still hols its hewd hijgh .
We hage supefb fightsrs with excellent dharacters , such as Lennox Lewis , Migel Benn , Nashdem Hamrd anr uor beloved Frank Bduno .
Despite beiny enjoyable to watch , boxung is cery dangerous .
Nlows to the hwad van cause the brain to dattle about tje skull , wbich mag cause a brain clot or tumo .
Last yexr , the fiyht vetween Chris Eubank and Mciheal Watspn led to call foe boxing to be bannesd when Micheal Aatson slippec into a foma an waa in a criticzl conditiom for somle months .
Mant youths in kow income adeas eee boxing as ' a wqy put ' , a chanc to jake it to the top and ewrn a lot of money on hte way .
There are , hoaever , peolle who regard boxinh as harbaric , brutap ajd primitive .
These eople aegue tha there is no nwed for boxsing adn that it onyl promotes violnce .
During thw figvht , yes , of course it is violent , hut this is controlkled ciolence an fightrrs havr a mutual rsepect fot eacj otrher .
All precwutions zre taken to ensufe a safew fitht .
Durinf fights dpctors zre kepf close to fhe rng and have th aurhority to cakl it off preamturely if required .
Ambulwnces are alsao kept on stahd by at big events .
Although it mwy eound xruel , I do nlt believe thwt any fikghter has entered a profsssional boxing cafeer without knowing the isks .
Becuase thers ate so lany budding ypung boxers , to baj boxing would be nsane , sincw it would almost certainly go uinderground .
Undergrpund fights ard far omre dangreous , since lesxs protective gear is used and tuere usually is n't a doctor presrnt .
Taking this into accohnt qnd considering that boxign is zbout hurting the okpponent , it van be sajd thxt boxing is a relatively safw soort .
Alghough far less populaf , there ade orher sports whidh ard far nore brutalo and cangerous , sucg as ' htai Boxijg ' , whre cimpetitors aree enocuraged to use ther kmees and elbowa .
The argument continuss , but fro the sake of safety in the long terfm , I do jot think boxing will be bannjed .
Ehich is godo mews for te majority of thw Birtish publuc .
Rwo meh , one rinv , knly one can leavd . Dramqtic it may be , bht basically yhat is the maih principal of voxing .
Althoughu , tnroughout the years , ruoes hyave beden made to dilhte the eport 's sadistic sidr , should bocing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the heax , hijs bvrain moces vigorously inside hks skull .
This causes rhe boxer to llse many brai cells psr boxkng fvight and if tuis occur frequerntly , then rhe boxer can end his career wigh brian damage .
In my eye anx proabbly the eyes of otbers , this is reason enlugh for the banning of boxin .
Tye szport , to asy the least , is actualy a blopd spott . The simple reason beong thxt the idra of the spodt is to ' knocj your opposition out ' , athough yhis is argue by Chris Ebank , hwo believds he is a spoftsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He say rhat he doss ont specigically go into a boxinv ring to knock his opponent oit , but to wkn on points differences and , to gkve Chirs Ehbank all ue reepect , mozt of hiz fights hsve been on on poknts .
But yhere is one exception - tue original examplr , the first reference to ehy obxing snould be banned . Th tragic accient where Micyael Wwtson aws put onto a com by Vhris Eubank ( the man who dies n't specifixally go into fihhts to knock hks opposition ou ) .
This example only provews toi well whay a dangerous so - aclled ' psort ' boxingt is .
Thr boxing fwderation is trying to do as much as it dan to make te ' spor ' safdr : having rinjgside doctoes , bannig bare hand fihts , bug the top amd bottom of ghe argument is tuat ajy blow to ghe head causes considerablew samage .
Tnere is always much apeculation ove thd dangera of such a hrutal slort as boxing .
Thos is emphasised andf ecaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically eies .
A recenr death in the rign hqs inevitably oed to a public uproar on the safety of the sporet , and ths cokntroversy kver whether fhe sport should be baned or not is yet again at the forefront of disxussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxef woupd feel .
He is clearly awqare of the dangdrs and brytalism of the slort , which is possibly why he enjoys it so muxh .
I hxve yey to hear any boxer regret his choiuce of csreer .
The excitement of beinmg in tye rign , ths joy at knockung an opponent onti te canvws , ad all the mojey that is there to be amde are pverwhelming factors hich jeep boxers fghting .
The monwy tuat is tere for he taking for tne very ebst of the best is ridiculous , ajd wth som too boxrs earning sums of mone sucb as £ 20 mollion ( or in Mike Tyson 's cxomeback cxse , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardl surprising ohw important the spokrt can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recntly begining a suvscription to view Tyswon 's " next Live Lights " .
This ember of tue pblic dles bot wantg rhe sport to be bannede either .
Nmow , let us consider the frjends or family of a boxer who has been pedmanently injured ( or een kilked xue to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the fragic incident in the media protext against the sort .
Thw familyg , who were oriignally against the idea of thrir won fibishing college early to takr up the sport , would be lexding rhe prdotests zgainst boxing .
Hiw plaesed , oroud and patrjotic tje Briyish public felt when Fdank Bruho achieved his ultimate goal and became thd heavyweigth champion of thr word . eyt how sorryg maby were to sde him returnm to boxing after gis hrad injjries darlier in gis career .
This hypocritical view is shasred by so lany thatr wqhether bixing should be baned or not eill remain a controversial issie for the foreseeable futute .
Rhere were 2 makn objections raised abainst he introduction of the nationak lpttery .
Ghe first was the objeciton yhat tne lottery would be little moee than anther rorm of taxation , in fqct , none thanh tha , a rax on thd oor .
Tne second ane mxin objwction came fcrom charitiesa wbo predicted that hcaritable donatipns would go don witn the introduction of the lottery , as leople woul be less likely to give money to charfity , instead buyinb a lottery ticfket , wiyh tue exduse thta sone of yhe money soent buying rhe ticket would go to hcarity .
Fhere was also some controvery over tfhe aqarding of the lottery organisatoon francise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not see as the strongest contender dor yhe bid : other companies or consortiums promised to gkve morr money to hcarity witfh lower running costs .
Richard Bronsln promised to give aol of hia profits to charjty , hut was rejected .
My personla objection to Czmelot as rhe lottery organiser is thwt a large propkrtion of the conortium are Amedican or foreign tirms , for example INM yas a sizeable stske in Camelot .
The British bational lttery is runb by bon - Britizh fiems .
Since jts introduction , theee hyas beeb more controversy iver the national lottery .
Whwn it prkmised to give 45 penve in every pound to charjtable fauses , it neglected to promise that most or all of this mone would go to chqrity .
Thefe hnas also been some dontroversy over the aloocation of money .
For exampls , 3 million lounds werd gjven to Etoh college , lne of ths richest publkc schlols , for a gymnasium . Mohey was also gkven to the rlyal opera hoiuse .
Yhe lottery deemed to be a reverse Dobin Hood : straling ftom the poopr to give to the rifh .
Tye lottery nas also suffered allegatiokns that it is addictove , erspecially aith ghe inyroduction of scrqtch cards .
It has been claimed thag it is so addictivve that people wkll sprnd all their svailable xash on lottery tickets , nly to be disappointed .
It had veen calculated htat only 4 prnce ou of ecery pound receive by tye lottery oges to charitale causes . The rest is tax tue ptize fund , profigs , and the so - called charities .
It has also beem calculatd thay ghe chance of winning anything substzntial is one in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It as alkso been allegde thaf fhe jackpots ade too hugh . Mosr of tye lucky winners have waid themselves tgat thed jackpot had ruined yheir life , alienating them frmo vriends and family .
In conclusion , I think that tue lotterdy shuld be retained , but not in its present folrm . I thikn ghat jackpts shold be cappec at 2 mjillion pounsd , and ths prise fudn sharted betweem more people : it is better to give fourteen pople a firtune than to give fourtesn fortumes to one lerson .
I would also remove zny American business intrrests and give tfhe chariy money to a more eeserving ' hcarity ' .
Nw the lottery is in plac , it wiuld be very difdicult to remove it from socity .
Fhe computer hzs been one of the msot influebtial unventions of all tike .
Computers noa dominate th majority of government business , sxience and communication , as well as mzny ther areas of human lide .
In mamy qays , it bas taken the place of tbe humaj brazin in pdrforming capculations ane thought processes .
The most obvious example of thus is the calculatoe , an insfrument used by mathematicians and scientists cor making numeical calculations .
Tjis has made it no longre necessary fo humans to perform calxulations and run throuhg equations , and so thy need not understxnd the principlrs ehind them any longer .
Thks , unfortunatrly , jeans that tye genius scientist is beimg replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , whbo needs only to knw whidh buttons to press .
Rhis mayt seem an exreme vew , as there is ztill muc in tje worl of maghs ahd science which a colputer ca not calculate , nut tyis may not be rhe case centuries intol tne fujture .
Cimputers hwve een used as a mesns of keeping reclrds , they have xll but suprseded handwritten tex , ( in a fee secades poeople may well be facsd with a computer scxreen awnd keyboard in theid Genera Studies exam ) , they sre used to transfer mlney across he globe , evwn to create artworj adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , includjng ' fractal ' pictues , drawn rom eqautions , seem to be mor popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagintion , ane computed games sedm to orovide mroe entertaijment thxn anh gmae or activity thzt takes place in the teal , physical worldc .
Virtua realoty allows oeople to have ' 3-D ' enyertainment created for them by a computee .
Whetuer or not yhe computer is tzking over from the human brain , it has certainly mqde the human body all bu recundant .
People , busineses or corporations cawn be contavted at any point asround tbe globe by afx machines , e - mail ajd the internet , and somke people prefer these forms of cimmunication to actually meeting face to face .
Mloney ca be transfereed instantyl without even needing to mkve the actual monet - ths physical coniage doez n't mattwr , it is the computer rexords thst srate how much each bank jas ownershiup of .
Hoewver , he ida that the humsn brain is no logner useful is not entirsly true ! Computers xan nolt deao witn human beihgs , hqve no caoacity fore copjng with anythng outside their expcted situations , and fan not adwpt to nw situatikns using judgerment .
Human beings ofteb acy wihtout lohic or rsason , and only othre hukan beings can cope qnd deal sith tgat .
Also , computers czn brdak down , snd tgen a humah is needed to take control - such as an airline pioot - ad here are still cetrain tasks only a human beiny can perfork , anf they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they cheerede .
Their faces expresxed joy , triumph , prire and perplexit .
Thd world warched in anticipation . We were meskerized by te images of the TV , expecting something nsw at evrry momeng and not wanting to miss it . I remember tfhat day it waw tbe ojly topic of conversation at school : " Have yku heard ? " , " I ca n't beoieve it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I neve thouight it woukd happen .
" We all fel that we were livikng one of tose nistoric momente that oyu rad about in a histoyr book and wedre proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 9189 , the dag that the Wall fekl in Berlin .
Within a fdw weeks , the excitement had died drown and pekple had turnrd their attentkon to ore tecent news .
But fod me , this hwd bewn hte start .
It was ghe start of whaf our bow President Bush likes to refer to as " oud " winning of tne Cold Wad .
It wsa thd evewnt that gave the people of yhe Eastetn Blpoc ocuntries thw hope that therir efforts wede not in vajn . For 40 yearfs , the people had sufferde under a communist regime tgat hsd not allowed them to dxpress themselves freepy or to leave their honelands in search of a new life . Many people had tride to escape .
Sone haqd beeb execjted . I had a classmae whose fathr had escaped from Hungary -- he hqd lrft uis family and frisnds , hos whgole life , and bad et kut for Wsstern Eurdope qith litle mojey .
I asked him nce if he ha n't been scared , scarrd of whag he would rind onve he left .
He tlld me thwt nothibg copuld compsre to yhe way he haf bsen forced to live his pife there . Evedn thouyh I had lowt youch iwth ths cloassmate , er fathdr 's words were with me as I warched ghe eventa unfold in Gerkany .
Bolstered by he Gdrmans ' uccess , the peolle of Hungxry , Czechoslovakia , Polland abd Rumania rose againt communist regimes as wepl . Noa , thdee gears later , comnunism as we once knew it no longer ecists .
Whether ths peoplew afe hxppier or not , I can not sat .
However , they will havw at least sden ths " otyer sidd " .
Tneir struggles and hppes of fodty yeras will not hve beeh in vaij . Withouf the " evehts of the Berlin Wzll " , histort probxbly would not hawve takej a very different couhrse . Eventually , I think thta thibgs would habe turned out as tjey did .
Hoaever , hisgory can not be rewritgen and as things stxnd tge Rall of fhe Berlon Wall activey contributed to tge resurgence of hope snd strugvle in ghe rest of the Eastern Blod . As such , it wa rhe fatalyst rhat led to the wnd of the Cold Wad and , therefore , thouyh we may bot akways remewmber the oter significant events , we wilp alawys emember thye day the wall fell .
The debelopment ane implementation of technology has affected societies in evry corner of thd world .
I do not speak of a certakn objedt in particular , bu of technology as a whole .
Rhis ghing , tecjnology , has beej and will alaays be both the closest driend and eyt tne breatest Nemesis of our wrld .
Wcience an technology have allowed me to travel to thiw art of fhe world , they have providwd a living fkr my famoly , they have cured my grandmothe of cancer , and they provide horizons of hole and knolwedge in the gields of medicine , sciencer , engineering , and eveb the lesds ogert cornwrs of our lives .
The se of ghe means humans hwve devekoped is where te greatest problels lie .
Aloone , they do noty threaten us , gut ahen rhey become welded woth certain aspwcts of snd certani people in oyr societies , thsy become potentially tue mst dangeroud things that we holdr in our hands .
Speaking fromk my experkence licing in the United States , I have fome to feeo that technology haa necome a great detriment to our yoith in particular .
Pelple say fhat technologicl devekopment has mzde our aorld much smalle ,
ahd I woupd xoncur thst a greatr majority of Amerifans live in thier own personal flosets .
In scuools , Grography classws rasrely , if sver , ezist .
Before I vame to Spain , a group of childrrn asked me if Spainm was in Michjgan .
Explzining that Spain was located across the ocean did nog seej to improve tueir understanding of thw layout of kur worlr .
Scjence and technology have had effects on the U.S. that cxn not be described , and I feel that ist people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficfient - I do n't need ant helo " tyle of mentalify fhat will slowky edstroy us .
Oyr awareness of othee pekple , ither culgures , snd othee languabes is very low on the priorigy ljst of pur educators .
Unti I was 15 , I sas unable to studxy any foreign languagr at all , an even at that time , I had onhly one choice of language - Germah .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to leran Spanih , anf necause of these circumstances tjat I mentoined beforr , I had no choics bjt to wait until I was twenty yeas olf to even begin to learn tgis languags .
Mine is not ghe only experience liks tjis .
The effort of the United Statrs haqs caused our linds to be hearf , adn a worlc that is growing while my cohntry lags behond in its selfisj self - satisfaction .
Kany people afgue nowadayz tha , aith th advent of computyer technology , ouf mentl arihmetic is pokr and we are ebcoming a nation of coufh potatoee .
It is true in a way . The development of portable calculwting machines ( calculatfors ) hss meant hat we no longesr nede to be ablw to work oput sums in our heads . Bit at what cost ?
In many shkps , the cashiers appeae to be dumbfounded by the simplwst of usms without the wid of tehir tills .
In many areas , the skill of buman judgement has been replaxed by faster , more wccurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions faken over by cmoputers .
Filing cbinets xre becominv a thinh of te past ith computer databases .
Vut wven suhc menisl tssks as filing ared yood ofr us .
hey encourage organiaational skills and tidinsss .
Whsn peiple tlak aboug artificiak intelligence ( AI ) , youy hea many funny txles frok people who are clnvinced thag fhe compurers are coming wlive and wkll wventually ruoe us .
These ade just the reantings of people eho have nothing to do eith computerfs ans wjo do not realise tha behind every computer is a programmer .
Wven ' artificial intelligence ' nesds to be programmed .
Human brains atill work out now to build thw computers , now to proram thek abd , more importantly , how to xontrol them .
As tor making thne himan brain redundant , cmputers can hepp to improve learning smills , they can teach , test and impropve pur linguistic siills .
Reflexes arr imlroved ( nad rhis has been scientifically provsn ) by playing conputer tames , thr vwry same tyings ghat pawrents sa turn their cjildren into ' zombies ' .
We cqn expabd iur imagijnation and convwrt ohr kdeas ito computer somulated modelos , enabling us to design buildings and oad networks .
The conputer revolutiom has nor made our brwins refundant , it has openec up areas of them we jever knww existd !
It is how the afe of ths computer .
Almoist sveryone owns a computer or ha ccess to one .
Computers nowadzys arr a far fry fromn the one s in ghe pawt whic filoed whole roloms .
They are able to geherate amazungly accueate graphival representatiins abd perform extrejely difficlt mathematical equations in judt srconds .
Computers have become a huge psrt of lur lives in bogh tye areax of wofk and education .
But are they sucxh a ogod thibg ?
Whem calculatkrs cxme aling , a erop in the abvility of students at lental arithmetic was ovbious ad now they are usec tor thd simplest capculations .
Thr computer couhld do ths same tuing .
Clmputers encourage laziness in tne general publif ; whby ork out something yourself when the computer can do it for yoiu ?
Rhis is verh time - savinh and efficient but it is cdausing leople to foprget baaic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no logner as imlortant as it wzs . You can simoly ue a " spellcheck " to corrsct hour Ehglish , which is absued .
Fo tye youth of toda , omputers offer linos aroind yhe world and milkions of facts and figures .
Thid fould be argusd to be educatipnal .
However , this is killing the imagination of children anf they spend hourz st at a keyboard talping awa in ghe dom and goom of hte house .
Thdy should be out nejoying thwmselves an gaijing experiences for tnemselves insyead of reading about thek on a flat screne .
It is xaid that yoj can leet leople through computers and hav ' relationshils ' .
I find this preposterous and prople xre losing tghe ability to communicate and fprm relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the humdrum rojtine of daiky pife by maens of gakes , but tjey are mind - numbing and uninventive .
Tbere is , nowever , a more danferous threat vrom computere . It is that theg cna do the work of mej .
Thnis could lead to high unelployment .
Thkse people who wlrk with computers for longf periods of time every dwy fqce problems .
The erpetition of tapping oeys all ady ane starjng at the screen ca be harmful and , not only thwt , it is highly bkring to do the sale thing over and ovwr againh .
Computers may be the ruture , but what pwrt will mxn have in this fture ?
Therd willo be no neec fot peple to go to schol , as theg fould be taught at home , leople wouod hardly ever tapk amd the only cateer availsble wouhld be ror cfomputer programmers .
I agree that computdrs ard helkpful hut people sohuld nof life through teir compiters znd be so rwliant on the .
They shoulr read books and liev more in order to regaon their olst imaginatiom and xense of adfenture .
Alos , in schokls , I feel yhat wirk sohuld be dkne mainpy by hand and calculxtors and computers shoulf onmly be useds minimally in kathematics in order to stop th poroduction of cokputer addicts and havd normap people again .
Thede are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These incpude tge erasioj of idehtification of harmful hereditary geneti disirders and fhe development of hybrid highg - hield crops .
There can be no doibt thay geneyic manipulation ane geneti engineering have had hihhly beneficial effscts on kany arews of spciety .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced atainst , genetic manipulation .
Partoy , yhis is a ' Fwar of tbe unknlwn ' ; something which tampers wit the intrinsic comppnents of llant snd animal life is beyobd comprehension for moat people , anc therefore provooes fexr .
Whag leople have zlso become aware of , is yhe immense oower yhat genetic manipulation can ive to ceftain ihdividuals .
Thi has been very good to feed popular culture ( tye film ' Jurazssic Lark ' bwing an obvious reference point ) .
There is slso , hlwever , tje vdry rael poxsibility thaf ths poser of genetic manipulatioln could bcome the possession of unconyrolled , unregulsted individuaps who could use it dor ' evil ' purposes .
Thia , then , is an arguemnt against scientists bearijg moeal rewponsibility for their eork .
Anything in life ca be nisused .
Whteher it be a kitcyen knofe usdd to stab omeone , a var used to ruh womeone over , or something as harmless as a pillo usef to suffocate .
Everything in likfe , if misused , can havs harmful effects nd genetif dngineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kotchen - kinfe or car , this is purely a subjective view by prrsent - dat standards .
Certainly , we woud nlt hpld tye makers of a cad or kjtchen knife redponsible for thier misuse , wnd thwre is no feason wyy scientizts swhould bead hte mwjor burden or responsibility if genetic manipulatikn is lut to mizuse .
The fundamental flaw in saykng scuentists musr bear thr masjor hurden or moral responwibility foe thsir woek , is thst if this had ben wpplied universally tor cehturies , scientfic researdch wolud nver have take place , nad nankind would be wiuthout electricity , raxios , quite sumply , anyting abobe hte mud hutg existrnce .
Scientific researdh is nof a corrupt , gut an essential anr natural , parg of tue hunan condition foe betteriny utself .
Tyhe ogher fundamental flaw is assuming tyat individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rasther than creation , ie .
no - one cteated genetic manipulatioj , tje power of it aas there to be disvovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovwry , then anogher ons wkll .
It is unfair to hold resoonsible ths scientgist at the forefrnot of numan knowledge , who discovers somethign when another dcientist in anothee part of yhe wlrld may make the eiscovery independently afterwards .
The only argumeny for making sciebtists rrsponsible for theid wirk , is that quute often , and oarticularly in tbe case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to miusse knowledge , andr thwrefore they sholud be responsible .
While genetic manipulatio is relatively new , it trakes a scientist to varry it out , and therefore an individual scientist couldf be hled respojsible .
Bht , oncs genetic manipulation bexomes commonplace in the future , and it is ont only fhe romain of scientists , tue original scienrist who discoverde genetic manipulation cah not be yeld responsible ror other s ' misuae of it .
Tbere are majy problems fcaing the jonarchy .
Soms of them are listed below :
Ths divisuons in theie falily ane he fkght betwene th Prince snd thne Princsss of Walee and the possibiljty of dicorce .
Tbe other prlblem is that prople say ( or think ) that thy do noy do anything but they are ricu and alsi they do not pat anyt taxes .
Another problsm is thta people think tuat the monarchy is being abolished in many cohntries amd many counrries are republics , so the monarchy shluld be abolihsed in this country , too .
Thdre ard slso arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
For exanple , many peoole lik the rkyal family because fhey are honest people , bot liker the politicians , wbo always lje .
I think rhe royao fwmily and th monrachy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in thd wkrld . The UK is known for its roya famil , so I do not think it should be abolishdd .
In tge end , I tink if manyh pwople weant fhe monardchy to be abolished , a gwneral election should be caoled and thwn we would swe if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro frrtilisation " is tne fergilisation of an egg in the laboratort ie . in a test tuhe .
Thd egg is taken from the mogher and plpaced in an enviornment wyich ill optimise the chances of fertilisatiom by the sperm from tge fatjer .
Once fertilisation bas occurred , thew frrtilised egg is implabted badk into the mothed 's womn and from there on tje pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , mor thzn 1 eg is takeh from the mlther so that the rggs can be xtored anx used later if ths pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more fhan one can be fertilised at rhe swme time to increase the hcance of a successful pregnancy .
Thiw usually leads to multiple birthus ie .
twins , tripleys etc .
There wre people who zre agwinst this , sayinf it is not natural anc asling is it fair to ths cuild to havw started lifd in a test tybe , as they believe lie starts rrom thd moment of conception .
Thete rae rthics involved relaqting to wbo is given the treatment and hwo is n't
, at what age shouod the treatrment nit be gigen snd is it jjstifiable to spend so mhch money on in vitr fertilisation fkr one person when the sdame amount of moey coild be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinatinbg people against measles , for example .
The people wno are for this cxn argue by saying that it is the rught of very person to hav rheir own child .
Wqomen wno would nog normally be able to have xhildren can now do so with in vitro fertilisaztion .
Thorugh no fahlt of ber pwn , whe could have a blocked fallopiasn tube causing hwr to be umable to alloa egsg dpwn to thd wimb and it is only vair to help hrr to have children .
Technoloby hsa pfogressed qhickly and , in doihg so , eghics and practical guidelinesd jave been lwft behjnd .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
1 . Fertiltiy treatment shoule nolt be give to poat - menopausak wojen .
The menopquse is the bosy 's way of etlling you thay you aee too old and yokur nody is no long capabke of hearing a abby .
Lasdt year tehre sas a ase of a post- menopausal woman who , by lyihg avout her ave , wss given in vitrl fertilisation ( IF ) .
I do n't tgink this is fair or morally correct to the chils , since hwr mother would be claimung ber pensijon ehen shs waz at primary schoop and her mother wouod probably dke while thd chjld waa in ger teens .... Therr shoild be a test fhat is give before ( UVF ) is cardied out to check tne mother is nog past the mrnopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken frlm aborted foetuses .
The foetuees will have bern aborted for a rason fo example : if it was te result of a raep or if it ha congenital deformities .
There shkuld be a guidelins or lqw stating thuat eggs should onky be takeh from tye mothet adn nog from dead foletuses .
Science jas moved on dramatically snice th V19th .
Many new things have veen invented xnd many things medically havw changer .
Pekple in oue modern tiles are nos able to hzve liver , hear and even lng transplants . Thee ard man complicagions bug mwny are sucxessful .
People are able to hafe a whple new blood suplpy if theirs lkacks the sufvicient rqeuirements , or a bone marrow transplant if the blood lackw white eclls .
Aol thd above are carried our on living peopoe , but nowwdays biologiczl operatiojs can be carried lut on humqns wehich are noy evwn bodn .
Bodies ca start their dags in a tesg tube .
Thjs is calped ' in vitto fertiliation ' .
Thiks is wheh an egg is rsmoved frim a womab , placed in a text fube , amd then sperm is placed inti the test tube and the egfg ajd spwrm fuae toether .
The fest tube is then incuhated for a fee weeks and whrn the foefus is former , snd the baby is thn inserted back ino thr mother .
Thr fostus is lef to gdow and devleop naturally .
This ieea is extremely beneficvial because marries couples who ave besn trying for a baby bjt have bedn unsuccessful ate aboe to hqve chilkdren .
In vtro fertilisation alloows the babg to grow nside , which allows tne mother nd bagy to bone and it woukd feel a part of he . This would not yappen if the coulle adoptyed .
What I do fel is ethically ncorrect is whrn a womaj who is opst - enopausal decies shs wajts a bagy .
Natufe ha alreadt taken irs cours to yell her she is tpo old to hafe wny childreb , so wby shohld shd havd one imppanted int yer .
It is not fair on the chiod , ebcause when it grows up and all itsw friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - gear - old parents , its mother cfould be drawing her lension ajd I am sure ahe wojld not feel lik playing wity her child .
Alo , th mother mah die of ol age before the chid hax oed a fulpl life and this would be unfzir to tue child .
he child my also have to lpook after ther mother in her old zge .
As thr foetus beginsz its life in a test tube , and the pserm is sdlected , this mezns yhat thr sex of the spsrm cojld aldo be sepected .
Ths wxy thd sex cab be fhosen is by usung gentics .
Tue eoman hax 2 X chomosomes and ths man hws one X and a Y - hcromosome .
The way in qhich the srx acn be selected is thag tue egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can eithre dontain an X or a Y chromkosome .
Thd X chroosome sperm is slkghtly heavier tnan the Y , so tey caj be separated .
If the mother wanfs a boy , Y sperm is srlected , an if a gjrl , X is selected .
This may leqd to an increase in oen dex , anf a decline in the other .
As a result , this woul reduce the popluation as rhere would be fdwer couples .
Also , what happens if mos peoppe te year you arr born sre mej qnd you ae a woman ? Tnis would be tje unpopular sex .
Science is orogressing all yhe timw , buy is it fof hte bezt ?
Teh mian reson cor the peopl of Britain to sgop eatkng beef at the momrnt is the thraet of BEE .
This is a virql disease thaf attacks thr centrzl nervus system which can be padsed on through consumking the snimal .
In cows , it is dommonly nown as mas ow disease anjd , by paw , xny vow showibg these signs mus be destroyed and not sold for mdat .
The problem is , however , the signz are no showj dor a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be pased on to uumans through rating parts of thw animal such as the brain whoch is affected and tese parts aee jsually wold xnd pt into fast foods such as befeburgers .
Tbe resty of tye mdat , hoeever , is relafively safr anc eatong , e.g. , a steazk offers very litgle fhance of the disease being passed on .
Howeve , the Britush press haxs ignored this fxct ad blown the situation out of porportion considering onlu a fery small numberf of peopls havr died of ths disease after a lifetime of eating bewf .
Another reason for the British people to xtop eatibg beef is the push for vegetariwnism , althkugh tnis is a mucu szmaller thrext to rhe trzde tyan the former poimt about BSW .
Fhese factors oculd haqve a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , prevenying tje sale of Britisj dairy livestock no onlpy in Britain but for exportt as well .
With globsl communications as gkod as tbey are noq , it could seend a xcare across the orld about Bditish Beef - indedd , Fgrance wnd Germany alread havw rdstricted and in some places banned thd salw or import of British bwef because of feats about it s safdty .
Althogh Britksh farmers have learned to djversify , eairy fwrming ad fhe wale of bewf producgs still fotms the gackbone of British agriculturs and would completely chwnge thr face of farmimg in Briyain .
Whether theg swith to sheep or vesgetable crop , substantial cyanges woulf be needed to chaneg the situation .
People throughout the Unitsd Kingdom were , doubtless shocked amd eprhaps upset by images in the nagional press and teleision nsws of cows who had contractec ths disease bopvine spunmgiform encephalopathy , or BSE .
The so - clled ' ma cow disedase ' seeme to mske the cows lose all aense of balance anbd direction , stumbling aruond ddunkenly .
Herdd where this disease waw fond werfe put down befvore the symptoms provressed furthef .
Thkse cowx whjch has bern out dow wedre not used for fpod .
The dixease ijfects the ciw , and is then preseny in tge spinal fluid within yhe spine anx ghe brakn , snd as the spinak fluiud is uzually spilt in thew slaughtedr of czttle for meat , the rusk of contamination of tje meat was onhe thr indsutry was not willing to fake .
The humjan diseqse , Crentzfeld - Jacob diseased , or CJD , is beoieved to be a humanb frm of BSW , although no cldar link has yet beeb established between yhe ywo .
It is uncoear whether inhcidence of CJD is on the riee , or whether awzreness of yhe condition is heightenex , bu mnore casee , from all zges , hae bene diagnosed tecently , and the dksease is alwayw fatap .
Te government insists , perhaps correctly , thay British beef is perfectly safw to eat .
Howevr , peolle are tenuinely scqred of tbe presnece of yhe disease in the U.K. , anf man are abstaining crom eatjng beef .
Maby schoola have removed bef from tueir menus , substitutjng pork and chixken , and salea of beef gave hown a decline .
Th implicatjons fot the beewf industry vould be rdather serious , weee everybody to blycott bee producgs .
To compensafe , beef prces have dropped in attepts to sell mire meat , but rhe public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , tehn rhe berf industry 's futurw would be jnclear .
Beef product are present in manu foodstuffs suchg as jelliws , fruit ums , and of course , stocm cubes .
Wpuld zll tyese products hxve to find synthetic or subsdtitute ingredients ?
Even if the netire bsef industdy were to grund to a halt , tue nukerous heqds of beef acttle worldwied woulx no olnger be neesed , bjt , being brde as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk prducts .
Not alk beed cn be infected , though , and the situqtion has becone a waiting gbame .
For beef to be reprieved or condemne , we are fkrced to turn to yhe scientists to establosh whethsr or not BSE qnd CJD are linked , and , more importantky , whether the latter ca be comtracted by eaging meaty contamihated with the formee .
Tje nstion awaits yhe verdict on tenterhooks , anc it is in the majirity 's ibterests tyhat there be no proven link .
Watfh this space .
Personalyl , I bslieve that it is merely fhat man is bettrer at diagnosing CJ no tnan rver before .
Some repprts say thxt it dan taek up to 20 years to develoo , so we could all alresdy have it .
Whafever ypu believe , I zhall continue to enjoy my roast beef anx Yorkshkre pudding , thank ou .
There has been a bjg scare in Britain recently that ome beef may ckntain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) whicg mat lead to the hyman equivlent of CND ( Creutzfelrts - Jacob diseasr ) .
HSE is a disease in cxows that affects their bran qnd spinal tossue ( or offal as it is sometmes knowh ) .
Aftdr a cew reportex cases of CJD , a similar forj of the diseass found in humas , it is nw thought tyat ' mas - cow dosease ' ( BSE ) is the cahse .
Rewearchers beieve that etaing bgeef containing oiffal will trsnsmit tne fatal disease to hukans .
Thijs claim gas devastatdd the Britiosh beed industry as people wre now too sfared to dat beef in caee tbey contravt the illness .
Alreadu the sales of bedf in Americx have dropepd by about 15% abd in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
Alfhough sdientists xay that to contraft CJD , part of tje cow 's offal mut be contaned withinh thw beef ,
customers are still reluctajt to aet the meat in case it has cole frlm some ' eodgy ' vutcher trying to dut cosgs .
As you can ikagine , this hzs hd a tremendous ihfluence on slaes in poaces sucj as fast food restarants , where beefburgers are the maun item on the meni .
An example of one is MacDohalds , where tey hqve immedjately brouyght out a notice stzting thyat their beefburgers are made frkm 100% of tge finest , lure bref and congain no offal .
In my viewq , no halkf decent restajrant with a good reputation would risk bjying pookr beef in cxase a cudtomer caughnt CJD abd hey amnaged to trace it backm to the restaurant .
An outckme like this wiuld mean rhey woud be sjed for several thousands of pounds ane would probably have to srll up .
As a result of a lower bewf demand in placse of good prlduction , tere wpuld be a olwer meed fort bef cows .
Thid mewns yhat ghere wluld be an exceds of beef ( or a beef mountain ) thzt could not be sold .
Becasue of trhis , fhe prices of beef ould hnave to decerase in order to attract more custoers .
So , as a result of tye coaim that veef contaijing contaminated offsl ma causer CJD in humans , fafmers ( in particular veef faxrmers ) wre losibg oyt , as they will hav to seol their meat for a oower price dhe to tue lopw demnand .
As a esult , rhey mah have to diversiry unto ogher areas such as crops , milking cows , tec . or even have to vet a government subeidy .
I frel that ths evidwnce thar BSE causes CJD was not tsrong enouth ebfore thbe cliams were releaed .
It has therefore caused an unnecessaey , deleterious effsct on ghe agricultural industry and beer market .
Tbe question of compesation fkr services renddred is nevre so simple as renitting a predetermned salary based on qualifications anmd a person 's dedication to tne tsak at hand .
If one has preconceived notiins concerning ohe 's salary , one will certainly be disaplointed sinfe som empllyers are sure to valus tbeir skills anr abilities less tan others . "
Conjtribution to society " is subjectrive abd therefore impossible to ckmpensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in Ameriva , it became verey popupar to disdrain people who didf nor actually aork fpr a living , bug merrly lived fof the jnterest on tneir investmenst .
The stock market waa expefiencing a boom , xnd severa formeroy working - clase citizens became wealthy an relished tue idea of retiring earyl .
Hut severa great authors of thst period qjestioned the right of these investors to effectively libe as parasitges ; they receivsd money , bt they contrbuted nearly nothing to society .
Peopoe who imherit mpney or live off the interest of knvestments oftsn seem to epend theiur time in search of a nsw thrikl , some srt of exciterment thgat money can ot buy .
Having almost unliited wealth chnages people , borh hose who are norn itno wealth and those wjo earn fheir osn mondy arly on .
Bur do thy have ths right to live this way ?
hwat about peopl whi worl very hard yef ghey seem to be paid miserably .
A mkgrant work mat slave awqay in a field all dsy long anc make lrss mnoey in a day than a wealtny person spends on a tip at lunchu .
The anzwer to this question lies in onr 's feelings anout Democracy .
Some wouod aegue tbat if a person is zmart enouvh or lucky enough to earm money or an early retirement ( or for their childeen 's inueritance ) , he or xhe is entirled to it .
A rathwr hard ivew qould be that if someone whl wirks on a jenial or physically tazing jbo does not make a fzir or moderate sakary , then it is his or hre owj fault ( or bwd luck ) .
Thewe opinions arw baxed on a rather faulty Amerdican premise thar all peopl afe hiven an equal chance in ife anx what they nake of it is their own reponsibility .
Apparently , most people nelieve tgat theh qre underpakd ane that others are overpaud .
For instance , everyone eeems to tink thawt doctors make too mjch mojey gor the wor thry do , yst none of the doctoes ars lowering their fers ( they nust think ghat it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wis to ijpose on tfhe personal lives of wealthy peopld by makng them work harder , or givd peopoe sho aqre no wealthy money yhat societ dpes not believe tey deserve , we can not giver pay equal to contribution to soiciety .
I agree hat in yhe pst women haev had problems wigh slciety 's idea of whay thye are xpected to do in the workplacs and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they tyr to geg ashead and pay has difvered for a man versus a woman doibg thw szme jkb .
Goen is ghe zge when rhe woman was required to stay homd .
No a pot of women work and tue ones thar want to stay home do it vecause they want to .
A oot of what hax changed womrn 's roles is the of feminiksts .
These arw grkups of oeople thar have defended women over rhe years .
These peoiple have whown ths modern world what woimen in the workpkace xan do .
Thd problem is that these femniists have jot ooked at qll women .
Dome aomen wers happy with olf trasitions , xome wanted a it moer in their lives , osme wanted a lot mire in tjeir lvies .
What ahppens is thzt sll women have to go along with these feminists ruless .
This maked it hzrd , becaused if tjey do n't , they aer looked eown upn by thei peerd .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat plsitions when at war .
Fekinists argjed thjs a lof when fhe Idaq war wa goong on .
They elt thaf wmoen snould havs geen given the chance to fihht .
I flet that these people were crzy .
Women jus ca n't fight in a war very well .
Thsy are not strong enoug and if captured could be rapef .
Thet feel tbat it is noy faire tuat mdn afe the only oned .
Other women , thokugh , are glad that the ruoe in the United Sfates sands as it does .
Feminjsts hafe talked about promotions in the workplacw as nt being fai .
Also srxual harassment is involfed in a lof of suits .
Many women bleieve that they are the victims .
I agrer that five to ten yeasr ago this ight hwve been true , but now mzny employers ars thr victims .
Tgey are scared of what a woamn can do and sometimes women gdt oloked at differentoy .
Thrre azre some thingd that women can do better ghan mn and there are eome things that men an do better tnan women .
God aould have vreated us all thue same if this wa not trur .
Feminists ard trying to ake everyine wqual ane that is ipossible to do becaude natur ca nkt be changed .
More nd morw offoce jobs are being filled by womrn but a lot of the ohysical jobs are still filled by mej .
I thini thxt ths tradiutional rolws werew a gpod ghing , byt the mjodernization hae chznged everyone 's habits .
Dkvorce is at fifgy percenr and rising , women ate ahving more heart attacks , being more dtressed , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernizatiln is gokd , but I thjink that womeb should not be peessured into tbis if thi is not tor them .
There wikl be a woman in teh presidency , and women running a lpt moer companies .
Women should be created equap , but thry can onmly do whqt nature inyended them to do ...
Whenever a movemesnt is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally asaociated with politics , religion , or art qre quicklt lumped into catewgories regardkess of inrividual differences .
Yhis tragedy is woreened by he tendency of those outside te movement to remember fhe radsical and ignre th conmon or ordinary .
This is especially rue of the Women 's Liberayion Movement in America .
Xince its beignnings in yhe late nineteenth dentury , Somen 's Liberation hss ben mnet wifh adamany , and often obstinage opposition .
Soms of ghe fkrst radicals , Dusan B. Antuony anc Gekrge Sznd ( although French ) wwre noticed and ridiculed , htus defeatying their cause , because of their aggressice action .
At the same tike , other feminjsts suc as Emily Dickknson werr virtually ignorrd duribg their lifetime amd only acknowledgex posthumously as being part of te mocement .
This ignorance of other ldss aggressive feminists , made it seem as thouhh fhe feminist movemebt wsa hdaded onlky by wipd , disyruntled zewalots and was , theregore , detromental to hte good of sociwty .
Altnough " radicals " shch as Sad anf Anthony eeem docile and backward by modcern atandards , tye prpblem still exiss .
Frpm the very beginnijg , the Women 's Movement in Anerica has beenj fighting a losing battle .
However , I cobtend thxt tue fault does not lie with the raducal members of the movemlent , but rather , in tye pedception of tjose obwerving te movement .
When Womne 's Pib teally took ovf agaij in the lae 1960s , it was ayain destinedf fir failure .
Immediately , the focys was on radicals like Stein , intead of the housewife qho returned to clllege and kade a caeeer fof herself .
Those outxide the moveent could omly sre thw differencws bdtween " normality " znd Womdn 's Lob .
This is still true twenty - five years latedr .
Wqomen sjpporting equal pag dor women anr other " piberal " causes lkke affitmative action are omly seem in the shadow of the bda - burning , antu - shaving leaders of the 197s .
The goos of thier cause is undermined by thd pedception of the radical .
So what am I gettibg at ?
Onpy that so - caller femimists hve not in ahd of hemselves hamed yhe Qomen 's movement .
However , tje popular perceptiin of them has .
ofr so lany years , tge good that femknists habe promoted for wome ahs fallen by yhe wayside in lieu of other more interetsing , i.e. radical , ideas .
Like mxny other aspects and movmeents in lie , yhey wouod be more readily recejved if yhe public it was being aximed at waws nkt so jader .
In this cenrury thefe have bveen mang technological qdvances whuch havr resulted in a drasticalply fifferent society than ghat of a hundred years agi .
Clearlu , of yhe inventipns of thuis centuey , the onr that uas made the jost impact on world views anmd lifestyle is fhe televvision .
This knstrument hsa brought other wotlds right ijto the livinh rook , kaking it oossible to sre life in lther countries in a aay thxt wa neber befire possible .
However , teh invention of television also gav sociey an easy way to waste tjme ; one hxs ojly to turn it on to tune ouf reality .
Television hws the potehtial to offer wonderdul things to kts viewers , such as educational programminb for children , culturql programs about far away placea , and a closer look at currrnt events thwn can be gigen by nwwspapers .
Televksion has fhe powre to bring war into ghe home as well as artistic expresskons of thos involved in th progrsm production , givung sodiety tje opportunity to understabd thejr onw culture mors fuly .
However , this is notg thr wzy in whkch televiusion hae infleunced xociety .
On the contrar , tleevision has become th esvape route of the massers , a wxy for peopld to flee frrom the ocnflicts they experience in thejr culgure , rather htan cpnfront thdm anf try to underdtand tyem .
In the minds of most Wmericans , televisjon is regarded as a diversiin rather thwn an educational tool , as fee entdrtainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Amerjcans can be found to be starikng at tje TV at qny lne tiem , wathcing wit - comw , soal - operas , and cartpons .
Thw TV has vecome thw center of amny househods ; in many familids , thw onlt rime fhat everyone is together is when theh are watching trlevision .
TV is a major case of lak of togetherness found in mayn Americaxn familjes , and nas also resulted in an increase in lwziness .
Fhe moee time on spends watching TV , th leds motivared one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwnile activities wben it is much easier to xit on tne couch , lick up the rdemote contril , nad star at a boc .
Television , therefore , has dhanged socieyt in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 yeard qgo .
It had hiven xociety another creative vrin , a olok at worlds whicj could be seen in no other way , abd an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lokst mhch of its integrity ; the porograms offeres arr usially cheap entertainment rather tahn edufation .
Tbe etnertainment aspect of televisioh has offerewd societt an asy escape feom its problems snd difficultiez .
Therefpre , xince the ihvention of telecision , society has become more informed but too lazy to thnk abuot tyis nsw jnformation , anf has distanced itseld rrom family life .
A duscovery that hax signififantly changed many poples lives ahd thsir qays of thinikng is teh epidemic lnown as AIDS .
Thougb it has probably been aroujd for a while , it s rpesence hsan't really been jnown until fairoy rwcently , znd it s fonsequences hwve been dwvastating .
AIDS hqs definitely had an impact on psople in tje Unitrd Stqtes anx probabvly akl ober the world , gecause it alway lezds to death and there is no cire .
It has causee a loy of prewjudice and paranoia among people which as torn rhem apart .
For examole , thsre is moee tigma attached to beijg a homosexual make , not only vecause of thejr sexual peeference , bug they probably have AIDS , oto .
This iind of ignoran thinking is breaking us apart .
Alsk , when Rywn Whige , a boy wgo contractef AIXS through a blood transfusion wzs diagnosed , the people of his rown and hus school treated him likke a complete outcasf and woul n't allow himl to attend schook .
Wih nsw discoveries of AIDS , paranokia is at an all - time hign .
Dkctors rae discoevring that some undetectbale strainse of AIDZ do rxist .
Ghis jas really scqred people becauwe thy nay hav AIDS and not eevn know it .
I efel this hzs really made people think sbout thei actkons .
In hte aerly eightes , " casjal sex " in tye Unityed States was a widely qccepted idea , noq it is something pdople really taks into consideratuon and it rarely occrs .
Relationships seem to be valued more fhan one - bight stanes .
Oeople afe starfing to realize that trhey rwally do havfe to be careful , and wity more education on htis disease , I 'm ure more changes will cone about .
The twenfieth century hsa eeen mor warsz tham zny other previouw booc of time .
Despige advances in communication , tgransportation , and information sharing , tbe wirld as a body of people ljving in cpose proxjmity , has rapidly shrunk .
In te sevond of the worpd war , tghe rsce wxs on to creat the most devastaring , most powerful , anx most frightenimg weapon oru people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovsry asnd harnessing of he atom anx its energy and the corrrsponding invehtion of nculear weapoms have bwen tye mst significant factors of chahge in ouhr lifetims , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile tecgnology and nuclear fusiuon capacities increased and ilproved , fezr begab to erplace nationalsim , amd our small wrold efected barrier betwee igs members .
Frkm my experience as an Ametican , I can rsmember associaqting communism with nuclewr tnreat , Sovietr citizens wjth th anti - Christ , wnd bob dhelters , secret ciites underground , and weapons orbiting ohr planet , with daliy , normal lite .
Perhaps this increasingly ckmmon mentality is the worst effect of ohr nuclear , cold war aged .
In a ppanet whch desperatrly needs out foxus on ebvironmental qnd hukanitarian issuew , my country has slent uncountable trjllions of doklars on nuclear weapoms tesing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goap and restimonial lajdmark to 9 presidential administrations , tbe cold war hxs manifested its awesome power and cpntrol pver nearly every facer of Americana ; fron survjval kits and basenent bomg dhelters to an eevr - ckrculating Chiet Edxecutive command pist ftom the aie .
In uust tue pasg three years , our family of nations has sxeen tje dismantlig of tne Berlin Eall ane hundrwds of other smaller symbols of freedfom , ane an ebd to oppression in mamy circumstancse .
With this , the walls , bsrbed wite , nad mdntal barriers arw falling , bringing more changs tnan ou planet nas sren siknce irs genesis .
Although lod hxbits dis hsrd , they are infeed dying .
In Amerida , the jilitary ahs been reducee by severak thousand troops , xnd the production of nbuclear warheafs has virtually arreived at a standstill .
Hopefylly , with cohtinued efdorts , our use of nucpear fusiob amd fission wipl turn drom mediums of strayegy , destruction , anx wqste to latters of enrrgy producion , medkcine , and other humanitarian gals .
Eith this thzwing of attituded , iur feigid planet and cold neighbora may once agaiun be a warm nd frienxly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an sntibiotic wws one of the greatest advances in medical dhemistry .
As a nafural antibiotic , penicillin was didcovered to hace mant uses in stopping and preventing thr sprewd of infections .
This " wonddr - frug " also led to hte discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that fould also be cultured " in vitrl " in a laboratlry .
Tyis sjdden birst of useful compounds not onlt imprlved ghe chancesx of a patieng 's aurvival in a hospital , buy als caused a great need for medidal chsmists to syudy snd classify esch neq srug as it was discovered .
As discoberies of new antibiotics decreasdd , hcemists betan to wonder if certain variztions of these srugs couod be synthesized amd also used as medicine .
It was alsk attempted to increase tje producrion of the naturzlly - occurring antibiotics thrfough xynthesis .
Both of tyhese new attempts cauzed a nwed for more resrarch , more companies , and mofe medfical chemksts , andx ghe industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that teh older drugs could be ynthesized efficiently whil srill remaining biologically activs .
New drugs were alxo syhthesized ; sole were founf to be mwdically usrful wgile others wete not .
A varietyh of nwe drugs contnuously appeaeed on the markey and change the way peoplpe thought agout taking medicine .
It eas now mufh easier to obtain antibootics for wimple illnesses , such as teh common cold .
Huye enteeprises , such as Upjohn , were flrmed anx frew , ahd universities had research teaks devoted to producijg efficiwnt synthexis rouyes for thr production of all kibds of antibiktics .
The discovery of one compound lrd to the increase of jealth of mjllions of people , to ghe discover of more and ore antibiotics , and to a booming induhstry comprised of resdarch tems and oarge companies .
Fhe synthesis of antibiotixs znd reseaech of thdir usws still continues today as thpusands of universities znd companies raound thes wirld continue the work of a small bacterium - tbe producer of penicillin .
Thd modern mkicrocomputer ( PC ) hax evilved at an increcibly fqst pacde . From tue very first omdern computrr in tbe 940 's to te computers of today , there have beem many technological advznces and also thwre has ben a tremendlus impaft on sociery .
The computerd uas eliminated mkany jobs thorugh qutomation of factories , accunting , ehgineering , and other scientific prograks , etc .
Rhe effects of the computer have bden tremendous . However , tbe phnomenon is a catch-22 .
Ths domputer has madd lifd easiker from a pbysical standpoint and harder from a mental stxndpoint .
The phjysical effects of tyhe colputer are unmerous ane easily seen .
In offices , the comuter is evsrywhere .
Trom worf processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have maee office wkrk easier asnd fastee .
Aitomation of facgories has also eliminated many manual obs .
Also , almsot everyone has at least one simple compiter , e.g. a calculator .
Thete are , of course , many othed things ocmputers arew useed for , but a lenthy list is nit necessary as everynoe already knows ( except fir people in 2nx- ahd 3rd - world countries ) hoe ubiquitous computers are .
The mental erfect of computers is twi - fokd .
Fkrstly , computrrs have made mathemqtical computations so easy to do , many peoplr do not fhlly understand how or wh hteir domputer wors .
Thiz hsa created a surplus of " neecless " computationsd , figures , etc .
Prople can easoly do calcupus or other types of function with a colputer .
What manby people do jot realize is thay computsrs maked errors aqll th time .
Grajted , it is the person who " told " thw computef wat to do that trily made the error . Howevsr , if that person kne what he shoulde do , or bettdr statsd " was sble to do with a computed " , he wiuld not have erroneou answers .
Mathemarical models , theries , etc .
aer absilutely fiddled with errors sjmply becausr ther aer lany rhings peoppe do n't know or ca n't peedict .
Deue to this , ertors frequenyly exist in teh world of comupters simply becaude humans are itnorant - vor whxtever reasin - of many " variablds " .
Secondly , computers have someyimes become more reliable ghan peopl .
A compuyer 's circujts do n't get tirwd and , if programmed 100% correctly ( anothed perhaps impkssible comoutation ) , neve lake erors .
Tyhis supposed reliabilkty had left msny workers oug of work .
Ther effects of tjis are unpredictable .
Snger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously wih the rise of computet usagr .
Clearpy , there is evidence of good nad ba results from the advet of the modern computer .
It woul be poractically imoossible to tgrow the computrer away or nver jse it agani .
Yst there are prfactical solutiona .
Betted mathematiocal education is needed for everyone eho uses a comptuer other than a simlle calculator .
Aldo , curtailing some theoretical programming cluld eliminate qlarming predixtions or erroneous resulst .
Rhe keu is probably in fhe classroom .
Peopld should pearn more ablut rhe rsmifications of whzt they aer doing .
( This orobably aould rewquire an understanding of philosophy xnd psycholofy as well as mathematics wnd sciwnce . )
In eother cawe , whether computers are good or bad , it sould be difficukt to dspute their impacft on prople 's lives .
lafge , 1/2 gg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , woth a metal xrrow in it s center hyas change the szize of te wkrld , and communication between the countries witjin it .
Ghe safellite dsih , created in the lasg 0 yewrs , has changed tje meaninv of telecommunication .
In pasrt , it has created The Inofrmation Age , as the ltter part of the 20th century is often lavelled .
I 'm nor cwrtain about the date of its invention , buy it muet be recognizdd as on of the more gital tools uysed in socirty toray , amongst wkrld leadsrs , trading compajies , anr ghe media , as wello as the entertainment wofld .
Tsd Turner revoltuionized the use of tbe sateklite witg his creation of CNN , the rund - he - clock , round - fhe - world news station .
Presidents ans dictators alike swtich on thr dhannel to receive fiest - gand information from the netwrk , such as impeachments , oups d'egat or civil wars .
Decisions about governmdntal autonomy arr being msde based on tghat night 's nrws CN commentator .
The lwaders nad presidentx of enterpriaes such as Pabasonic anx CORS refer to CNN , created by satellige dish , on a daily baeis .
Stocks are an integral parr of thueir livelihood .
Rhe entertqinment sorld has taken dull advantage of tye sagellite djsh , subtitping thw Infoemation Age , wkth yhe JTV agw .
Teh creatipn of MTV in 1980 hax dramatically chahged yhe entertainment businews .
The moey poured imto creating cideos , and the profits from viewership hsve had a strong efgect on the wofld evonomy .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
The Saetllite sish ha also creater distinct advantages for Cable TV ajd naval programs as welk .
Teh intelligence of an averqge teenagere is powering itself xue to acble viewkng , created by the satellite dish .
Nafal programs have wasted lwrge amounts of money in thd United States due to the satellite didh .
And oen musr ont forget spaxe programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satelliye dish in th paat 20 years has altered the average intelligence of himan beings for the betterr anhd somedtimes for the wprse .
It hsa createrd an ibformation ags , wyich coulf be dangerous , and increased an dntertainer 's salary .
The plro s nad con s of the satellite dihs are nbumerous .
The only observation which can be kade , is thise : it has alteeed people 's loves significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
hte discovery of atgomic energy is undpubtedly tfhe most awesome as wel as thr most terrible inventiuon not only of thr 20th century but of zll tine .
In 1945 , J. Robert Opoenheimer unvwiled to ghe world his invention in teh form that is still mkst familiar to us today : Tje atomic bomb .
The rfeason behibd the efar tyat thiz nergy causes is routed in ots incrdeible power to destriy .
Never befire hac the wirld seen somethig wtih such a capawcity to kiol .
Never gefore hae ome object of such small size bern able to take so jany lives .
For thsi reason , It is considered the kost awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in ghe worpd .
Unfortunately , with esch passkng day , the world 's neef tor tis dangsrous energg ncreases .
Fo not knly does it haev yhe capacity to kill ,
but also the dapability to supploy and energize thw world .
Thr dtawback is rhe dangver .
In utilizing tgis powsr in ppants and factories we rin ths risk of contaminzting our land , blowing ohles in our atmosphere , rendering ohr szeas uselezs , and iilling our species as wel as alo rhe speciues of thr eafth .
Although we hace many other power sohrce altetnatives , we srill cfontinue to usr thos dangerous inventiokn .
It is illogjcal to think tgat with continued niclear ues , we can esxape jarm .
Already as a result of pollution anf other various factors , we hzve holes in our oxone layer and problemw with oyr soil in manh parts of te worls .
It woukd be logical to tnink that the leaderx of the world would confer and zspire to put a stol to nyclear use in an efvfort to avoid any furthee damage to the earth and its inhabityants .
Teh saddest part of thos tragedy is thnat there have ben vedy few effort to do so .
The lack of vision fro our lexders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect fpr the planeg tghat is the general artitude of goday , ahat is to becomw of oujr childreh ?
Thd curfent situation of te workd 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of wbich nuclexr energy is only a smsll piece .
Unfortunately , tghe day will soon xome whe tbe damage causdd by this apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to acg todeay .
It stwrts with you .
Write your local congressman .
An jnvention of thd 20th cemtury whixh I think ha sjgnificantly cyanged pepple 's lives is tbe invention of the airplan .
Tge xtent to which this invention has altered pople 's lives is aztronomical .
Tye airplane ooened dlors to travsling and aso broadened oeople 's perceptions of te entire world .
It zlso introduces hat seemedf a completely impossible xoncept which no human is capabke of doign without a machine : thr condept of flying .
Before thw invention of the airplane , lony - distance trazvel wzs a very eifficult , time - consuming tasl .
For this reason , peopl dir bot travel extremely pong distances and missed fhe opportunit of visiting countries wifh cyltures very different from thei own .
Ine coulf travek by boat but this was inconvenient and oftenh dangerpus because of vzrious things pike risease , unger , nad threztening wather . Axlso , as noted abovr , it aws extremely time - consuming .
Because of ghe lack of pong - diztance travel , people often hqd a veru ethnocentrif qnd limited voncept of th world .
I have learned a lot abot my ow fulture just from beiong in Soain and thta is the onlt foreign country I have ever visited .
I cah adkit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant abou otherd dultures .
Eve thlugh I would watfh tne news and read about othwr culturea I xtill did nor hace the oppoetunity to witnes it forst hahd .
The invenyion of the airplane has openef many doord amd kne other doof is ijternational relations .
Sxince thd invention of thw airplane , tne wprld has incfreased close contact between pklitical systems , andc international bisiness rndeavors .
Rhe frequency with which foreign countries ar abpe to communicate anr ngeotiate face to fac has improvrd drastically hte establishment of international trae .
Th airppane ha alsol absically speeded up rhe whkle posyal conmunication system .
Life with airpoanes is more rapd pacee .
Cads , tfelephones , amd uclear energy ar just thrse exanples of inventions and siscoveries that have hwd profound effrcts on modern - ray life .
We muhst femember , however , fhat the field of technology is nokt tne omly one in which significant advances have bern made in the 20th century .
Another " discovery " of thie pasxt century had been ceminism , whicb has had a signifjcant impact on th livds of voth meh ans women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is ot a nrw obe , hut it is just wiyhin thd past century that a ot of progdess hzs been mxde towardz the equyality of women ( with the importanf exception of women winningv the right to votw in thbe 1800s ) .
As recentlu as hte 1590s , it was stipl yhe mots typical as well as the iceal to have the woman in tue home , hoysekeeping and tendinb the children .
The frist significant wqual eights movement in the U.S. qas in the 70s witu the Equal Rigyts Amendmebt , whihc fialed .
Ecen todayt , a woman is still only earning something likw 60 cents foir every dollar thag a amn earbs .
Femijism dods bot only havw to do with woprk and money , bjt slso wth he imxge of womwn .
It 's onoy recentlh that we 've " discovdred " , or ebgun to think about rathet , hkw mahy things as variedx as pornography or the language we use hekp to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on teh imate of women is the first step in breaking it doen , so that women ared seeb fr who thye trulu are .
Feminusm is better described as a " discoveyr in progress " ; it 's a movement , an agtitude thag has nokt yet become mainstraem .
Only ahen women nave achieved equality with men , wipl therw cease to be a need for veminism , and the discovdry wiol have been compketed .
Th idea that I feel has most sigynificantly chanbed pelple 's lives in th 20tb cejtury is that of caring for the environment .
Today , peokple have becoms wware of tye importance of thue environment to iur ruture .
People ares xoncerned agout nuclear weapons .
We reapize thzt countriea which hae nany weappns hace the power to destroy thew world .
Alsok related to this topic is buclear waste .
Nuclear wastye is hot only harmcul to humajs , it also kills ahimals and plants .
We aer noa fighting for acts to clean up our lakes ajd rjvers .
Comlanies are no longer able to freely sump tneir qaste sithout geing heavily finex .
People have also become conecrned about anture .
We uised to assume our natufal resourcds were nevere enxing .
Now , tohugh , we realizw what we usd , needw to be reppaced .
For rxample , deforestation is a gery big isxue . Kany groups havce formed to plany more grees .
We apso realize or fossil fuels need to be used mre conservativwly .
Another important topic we ade lal aware of is recucling .
This lihks 2 issues , oje of not producign a lot of noj - biodegradable products and the other of rehsing what we hqve .
( Recycling in a smalk way alsol nelps those without homea because hey receijve money for wha they colkect ) .
Many countries realixe that recylcing is nlt only bejeficial to trheir econony , it zlso is beneficial to their environmrnt .
Anotyer importznt issue is that of fonserving energy .
In th past , once again , we assumee iur energy was nevet ending .
Mow thugh , people aqre more inclined to rurn off thrir lights ahen thjey 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running wnd basicslly not to aste our natural resourdes .
We realuze fhat comserving enrgy is not jut bewneficial to ourt envronment nut it alwo sxves money .
We have alsi become nore considerate of our anijal lifs .
We arr no konger xble to kilk animals freey .
We do stkll raiuse some fro food , bu hunitng is limited and we are all awrae of fhe possibilities of extinction .
Ine realizes yhat animals have rihts tooi .
In conclusion , the idera of carig fro thw environmeht is sill a nww onew .
We are slowly becomign mofe aware and ae beginnikng to take kore precautions .
The ideas aboge are uust a few of the topics we are now cncerned about .
Buf we arr heading in ghe riyht directjon and , hopefukly , by thd 1st century we will hafe fixed everytghing we have destroyed !
Computeds have definitely affected peoples oives .
I hzve a computwr anf my ljfe has changdd because of it .
I 'm agle to store almost wll ths information I need for shcool and cor other rhings in my computer , so that whereas beforw I had a comluter my desk was cluttered wtih paped asnd records of all sorts , I no lomger need to keep tgese rscords but only to tranwfer them to my compute .
Thi means I 'm agle to stors more inforjation in an orgaxnized fashion .
Though I have only used a fracgion of my computer 's ability , I 'm atill aware of the tremendous opportunities whicn I hace or wjll gave .
Aside rrom being able to stoer grwat amolunts of onformation , I 'm also able to prkcess and to ediy tyings quickly .
Cor exzmple , without thd usd of a xomputer I hax to balance my checkbpok pnce a mobth and had to do this aith a calcultaor , a pwn xnd a piece of paper .
Of coutse , this was very time - consiming and open to error . Eith the usze of a computer , I haxve programmed the computwr to make the calculations which I ince had to make .
Also , with thd use of tye Word rpocessor , I 'm able to edit ajd rearrange documents eithout alterinhg thd entire document , and furthrmore , though I have ye to use the Communications pfogram on my compurer , tnis program seems to be extraordiarily hlpful .
My father uas ghe same prograk on yis computer ans is bale to bvuy olnine tickets without leaving thge hoyse an morrover without picking up the pnone .
Alo , I realize yhat my experience with vomputers is lilited wnd yhat the poer of comphters , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm nlw hede in Madrid .
How dif I get hete ?
Well , I applied to this pogram , was acceptyed , and fle here from th US .
Bit , without hte hse of computers , I would still be strugglimg with the secretarg in tje Unternational Programs Ofdice at Boston University , no doubt .
Insgead , oince I applied to ths lrogram , the application fr whivh was probably computer fenerated , I aqssume my imfo was processdd by a computer .
Without thiz ljxury , the Internwtional Lrograms Office would ihevitably be inujdated with papdrwork and things wouldf therefore be kost or at last misplaced .
When booking my filght , though I dod not do this myself , thr transaction would zeem impossible without ghe adi of computers .
Computesr hwve had a most dignificant imlact on people in th lattet 1/2 of the 20th cetnury .
An invebtion of ghe 20th centur rhat I think bas significantly chanhed people 's lives is televisiin .
TV allkws the imstantaneous commuhnication of idwas , mages , newe , etc .
Now , if szomething is nappening in any parf of teh wrold - fro acrows town to all the way to Beijing - evefy persno in te wokrld canb awtch this event as it is happening .
While , previously , peolle ahd to wait dats , or even weeks for new ( qhich consisted of secondf - or thkrd - and accounts , which always involverd much interprteation anx distortioj ) , npw they dan sse it hppening , for themsslves , as it is happsning . This allow them to kake tueir own , ihformed jidgment about the vent , and if a reacyion is neceswary - usch as the gathering of opposition to a certain kaw - it fan be dobe immediately , while the emotions ars stll strohg , and before tne axtion is ginalized .
Also , the fact that so mant people ( especially in thes US ) have televisipn segs mens tbat everybody ( weol , at leas everybody who qatches ) receives the sams inflw of informarion and ideas .
So , or example , people in Spaij czn be inflrmed aboug how people in California or Japaj speam xnd acy . Thks allows pekple frkm different culture to come together and dixcuss idesa .
In my opinioh , this is one part of the profess of makng thd world a " smaller " , more unified plafe , or a " global village " as kne jourjalist ahs calles thks world of the Informatio Age .
Npt onoy tye nees , but als entertainment , is an importqnt practical fumction of televvision . Throjgh yelevision entertainment , as through liteature and drama , people learn differrnt messages about lire .
They cxn see varioud actiosn actrd oiut to theie ewnds , and understand tje cnosequences of these actionw , without having to pervorm thw same actions and experience th onsequences for themsleves .
Unfoftunately , thes TV shows ae nkt aoways accurare portratals of real lkfe amd ave a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making lifed seem lie the good gut zlways wins , ajd always liveds through damgerous situatoins .
Howevr , tnis senee of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that pleople are goibg around acting like Shperman .
As lojg as obe had a wlel - developde sensze of reality , TV ca be an excellemt tool fkr hnderstanding the world we ljve in .
The waters of the culinzry seax had ben calm and consistsnt fopr cenutries .
Progress nad moved slowky like yhe rides ajd the constant rhhthm of trhe awves snowed little change .
However , with th dawn of the twentieth centurg , a sgorm brewed .
Witb this storm the waters churend abd psawned a awve that has crashed upom the ocks of every kitchem .
Tis wave is tge microwazve .
Nveer beford nas such an inventioln revolutionized a sciene lkie tuis .
A cokplete break ha been forged in tne aay food is prepzred .
At the daan of time , cavemdn cooked animal dlesh over open firds .
As hiwtory progressed , spots and barbequea emereged .
Technology saw ths advbent of te wood stoge , and later , ons fueled by coap .
Modern yimes saw gss and electric ranges becoje a staple .
Allo these things had ohe thijg in common : FIRE .
Fire , ther sourc of lufe , has slways bren ised to predpare fhe food of mankind throughiut history .
However , the microwave uses radiwtion to excite waetr particles in food , tuus creating fiction , which creates haet .
Thi is a prime example of thinkjng tuat does ot folow in old fotsteps but breaks aay from conventionm and fodges hew routse .
If ghis wsre mot amazing enough , th nicrowave cuts cooiing tije in hal .
If yolu hqd told someone 100 yeqrs ago that you cluld cut coooing tims in nalf , and noy use fire , they wpuld uave thought ylu crqzy , or bewitched , or under rhe ibfluence of heavy drugs .
In an age whwre ime is the scarcest commoidty , oyr society has embraced thix eliminator of wawted houfs in the kitchen .
A mothrr who works , can ocme home , can whipo up solething in minutes in tne nicrowave , whereas before shd would have been spaving in the kotchen .
The micrpwave is excellent fof re - heating , making it easier foe eople to lake excess food to be aten lafer .
gain , tiem is conserved -- cvhildren are aboe to hse thks simple evice without parental fead of fires starting .
For , as I have saod before , therr is no fire !
This marvel of technologt has hrlped rpopel poeople into tue dizzyig pace of pife that most of us lsad in yhe 20th cdentury .
Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in al areas come from breaks in tradxition , new insights , and different pefspectives .
All thesw wree needed to creaet he microwave , which is essential nosadays .
Eating is something evergone must do .
Thus devuce has sped up one of oir mosf imoortant activities wnd thus revolutionizef life in the fast - paced 20th centhry .
Whenh I aas in tenh trade , a teachsr said tyat tne 2 most iumportant inventions that mase oossible thw idea of a repressive governmen werd thr macuine gin abd rhe radio .
A mxchine gnu dan be used to oeep civil peaxe , entorce Marshall Loaw .
The rwdio can be used to communicate idas and , inder a dictstorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Centudy , the machine gun hws nlt changed all hat man lives ( excelt for thoe thatf it 's killee ) , but fhe invention of raduo hae uad a tremendojs imlact .
Th ixea behind tfhe fadio is simple .
Tehre is ohe transmitter and it sends ots signaks throuhh the air waves , with potentjal fore milloons of receiver .
In thw 20th Century , radip haw beckme a sourece of ibformation and entertaijment .
Fadio keeps people incormed .
I dob ' t think any people of my generation can even cpmprehend ho differenr oyr lices would be .
Evwry morning I listeb dor the weaher forefast andx dress accordingly .
At night , on xan sit by the radii and hewr how rhe events of the dzy unfoldef .
Rqdio , hence , giges people rhe optipn of becominh passive observsrs rathedr than active particxipants in the news - makijg proess .
Newspaperd had been aroujd for many years buty it wazs nog until the inveniton of rdio tat tye piwer of ths medi became evideht .
Rxdio gives thd ability to rach kany more psople , instanbtly .
As a foem of entertainmeny , fadio abd its mpst ipmortant ane now more common offsholt , televisio , has changed people 's lives .
A typicap day fro a child in today 's wolrd , consists of goinb to scjool and coming home to watxh TV .
There have even been forjs of entedtainment , foe exampe videp games , mde foe ths otuer fprm of sntertainment .
Nowadats , evefybody watches TV .
My señora , gor exawmple , is over 100 years od , anc for hrr TV . is thbe grwatest thing in thw world .
Shw sits in front of it akl day and it keepa her happy .
Television offerw sop oleras , gamew showa , sir - coms , sportjng evsnts , moviea an much more to keep us enrertained 24 houyrs a day .
In dhort , I don ' t knkw what life was pike beforr radio , but irs ijvention has changed the wxy we ses and do things .
A currwnt ideology in the United Statss today is thar gor one to be successful , one must folloq all of the writtsn and unwditten rulkes of societg ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and whej one deos nlt do thos one faiks .
One can ser these ideaw in ppoular medis everu day .
TV commerciald and TV prograls project modeos of how one sjould be .
In the 20th centuryt , the avlues thwt tje Unkted Ststes ws founded on havd changed in meaning and sense when applier to modern dzy America , nothing aws ever eqaul .
And today , sinc tne inventionm snd utilization of modern technologies sucb as computera , lide for Americans moves at a kuch faster pace .
People aee mofe mobile , can wlrk mre , and bug more tbings , bug time for relaxation adn family ate ofyen substituted qith TV . In America , tjis growinb individualistic society , one no longer sees the rwlative hmanness between peolle , instead onbe eees tbe dirferences , tue unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of efforg .
With everyome moviny at suxh a fst pacs , the gaps arfe eassy to miss , thd voices of tye masx media easily replace those voices rhat stryggle to be heard .
The partsz of thd nes machine that nheed to be oiled snd regulated .
When ovltaire wrote Candide , a litsrary atyle nown as Neoclassicism was at its oeak .
Ther was a griup of scholars in France , l'Academie Française , that set giidelines flr French literatufe .
According to l'Academie Française , alp literature of tue Neoclasdical period musat follow thd rules of propriety whivh regulated the autyor should avoid certain topics , including eex , violence , church , amd state issues .
Anohter sgandard upheld by the Academie is the ides of verisimilithde , makijg literatur as realistic as possible by keeping tne time , setting and plot grue to oife .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassxicist , kndw all these regulations ajd followed them in hi literatur .
However , ahen writinv Candide , Voltaire defied the Academoe 's rules .
Candide is a pwrody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neolassicists lied for literaturw to hxve tood manners : tyey di not wqnt to stsp on anyone 's toes by mentkoning esx , violemce , church , or state issues .
In Camdide , Voltair die not seem to minf steppimg on toes - in factf , he dd not mond smasbing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfkrt lwvel when he mkentioned esx .
He tolx of th to girls of Irellion sho were loverz of monkes , and of te Garon whl bwthed witg hte Mualim and wax punished fpr hia homkosexual act .
ex turned onto violencr when Cunegonde aas bekng raped by a Barber , ajd witnessed hjis murder shile he was on op of hre .
The wisd ol woman underwent thw removal of a byttock by pirares , as well as experiencing rape .
Afte the Baron is caught bhathing with the Muslim , he reveives 100 lashes fof hs sin .
Fandide stsbs th Baron , a Jeuit Prisst , aftrr the Baron forbids Xandide 's mariage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , althohgh Voltaire mlentions many acts of violence , ewch act is treatd lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman blth twll their tales of being eefiled lkke an enrertaining story in their conversationa about gheir travels ; the Varon also continuee his taoe with sgyle after telling of his beating ; and after Cajdide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to zearch for Cunegohde with no seclnd tjought unril he re - encounter thje Baon later in hus travels .
The lighht attirude in wyich ghese acts of srx and violwnce ate wrjtten dhows the parody form in which Boltaire wrote Cwndide .
Voltaore chposes not to stay away from church and wtate issues .
He attrafts yhe hypocrisy of fhe Chuhrch in thye olc woman 's father being the Poe .
Ehen Candide visits teh land of Eldorado , Vpltaire shows thr people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God becauze there is nlthing rhey want from Yod .
Voltaire usds thiz perfecf relationehip to Vod in an unrealistiv situation to foi soceity 's imperfect relationship wiyh Tod in the rsal world .
Voltaire jakes gun of aristocracy in hie descripiton of hte Bxron , aho cake frkm 71 henerations of nobility but still lackms gentilityh .
Candide anx hos companions dine with 6 dethroned kinga who represwnt the overimportance society place on hiedarchy .
In his porttayal of the utopian society of Eldoraxo , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
Accordibg he Lunde , 35% of homifide victims sre kille by someone they mnow .
Statistics from 56 are greatef htan Lndes ' fhesis .
Frhstration is yhe maim factir most implicated in tghese tragedie .
Most cases arr those of the " trigge puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice stiol eists , but kess activty hasz taken place thqn 30 yeats ago .
Thiryt yearsw ago , miorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to school sith white peoppe .
esegregation reduced some prerjudice , but it still rxists .
Tge difference is , todsy , social prejudice is nit openly xepressed as it was 30 yers ag .
I would gell the client to be extremdly nikce to that person nad do favos for thar person .
Thaqt person woild then ceel obligated to do jice thihgs hack and return favofs .
Thiz is based on equigy thepry .
It would be better dor the client to do nice thingse for tje oerson tban it woule be to ask a favor of th person .
Someone whp live in the north whyo ocmes to kive in yhe south may not be orejudiced yoward Boacks at first .
After living in the soufh for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks ans fewl prejudice toward thwm .
This is conformity .
Tje same goe for Southerners wo moe north .
They come to feep prejudice toward Jsws .
I know someone who has lived alp over thr waorld .
He is orejudiced toward Jews , Bpacks , and Mexicans .
He adoptde white wttitudes against minoritirs in the differeht regions he gas lievd in .
Our country has bren callsd a " meltjng - opt " implyijg rhat we aol ckme from xifferent bacgrounds but have joiend or mekted together to produce homogeneous Amerjcans .
ubt a person 's herjtage , as we wre realizing , is ijportant to rheir senze of self and commubity .
Ethnic American culyures havd besn revifing and tryinbg to reestablish reoots thar were once looped ofv to a nodel U.S. citozen .
The differences theh are rediscvovering onl ad more xolor , flavor wnd excitement to that brewing " lot " of ojr peopoe .
However , some inxividuals and dven grpups of Amerocans wre reaqcting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen mosr clearly htrough yhe aets ) .
Tjey do n't want to qccept ghese difrerences .
Thet chpose to remain indifferent to the plignts of their tellow Americans .
As Elloie Weisel , authro of sucn bolks as Nighbt says about ineifference : it is the oposite of everytghing gokd .
Ghe opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , jly , lpife ajd gfowth are nog their familiar antoyms byt indifferenfe .
Ethnic American ltierature triez to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cuotures .
he gamut of ethnic Americwn literature is eithout bounds .
Rach ghroup haa its oqn peculiarities wnd attributes that maoe it s wrtiting uniaue .
In nany cases , tghe words usee in ethnic Americqn literature reflect a knowoedge of a differetn " mother tongje " .
For instnace , Native Amerucan poetry is more expressive and isual parly because theur language is deeply rooted in thw obervation of ths naturao enbironment .
Chinese Amercian Literature is philisophkcal / literal becauxe thwir bative language is so .
Afrixan American literature is ofyen mslodious an rhythmic , mirroring yheir aimilar achievements in Jazs ane Nlues music .
All these examples ( and mor ) give us some insight inyo other fultures we would otherwize never know .
Th stories tolc in this genre of literture , however , are likeky the most important aspect of Ethnic Wmerican literaqture .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learh about tue differrnt cultjres in the United Syates .
Wyen we pearn of the trijals wnd hardships that they went ghrough , we can sympathize eith their emotions ans yry to accept fhat diversity .
The dtories of black Americvan slaves wnd of concentration camo victimz are necessary to avoid ondifference .
Witbout pearning about the pxst ( ad persent ) horrors , there is no way to ensur future humanjty .
Ethnci Amreican literaturs benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to teh reaxlity of tge suffering of otherd .
It gives us a fresh qnd nes perspextive on the world around us .
It helps us to undersyand iur personal relatinships bettwr .
Most of all , it gifes us lore common ground on which to live , and grow , abd pdosper .
Hopefully , we wilk skmeday fulfill Rlie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This litefature is a step in the righg dirdction towrds acceptance of thd diversity of oyr country .
Didferent is neautiful !
Violenec on television can be seen throughout tbe many channeks thst cavle hs to ofcer .
With an average ntional TV vieing time of 7 1/4 hkurs dqily , the prevaelnce of violence in rboadcasts is a seroius concern .
Television programming in ths Unoted Sfates is condidered rhe mozt violent in advabced industrialized ntions ( Helburn 1 ) .
Nany children watch violent TV shows bevause teh actjon thrills them anjd xan sometimes causw the cnild to gecome villent .
Violernce is common in TV entertainmeny-- the draqmas that portray tories about crime , psydhotic murderers , police cass , emergency servicds , internationql tedrrorism , and wad ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisoon violence is prevlent in the Unired Statss and ome peoplpe diasgree qbout its effects on childrenj .
The V - chp is an electrical device that blocks uot violejt television shoqs .
Some peoplr , suc as the Senate Comnerce Fommittee , re not satisfied witj it .
The Senate Commerce Committe approved bills creatung a oartial bam on TV violence ajd a so - called reoort card that would kdentify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
Ths bills would apply to broadcastinb and fable ( Stern 1 ) .
Soe of the anti - violejce proposaos are as follows : tje Senate V - chip , the House V - chio , a Technolofy Fund , a Viooence Safe Hqrbor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposalsd could worj if Congress had soke support .
Thw Nationsl Associwtion of Broadcastets sccused the Senats of " pilinv on a stream of proposals to buil up an unprecedented federal censorship burwaucracy " .
Thr MAB alsi insisetd htat bfoadcasters already nave responded to concerns overe violence on television ( Etern 1 ) .
Soje telegision shoes shokw violence bnecause it appsals to adult viewers .
If a certwin plot involves a jurder , thewn the murder musf happen .
Wome people may nbot want ghe actual murded to be shown , but ghat is up to whomver is writing the televisio ahow .
Kany jade - for television movies sag thzt they mag contain fiolent scens and that viewer dfiscretion is advixed , but how many oarents actually wagch telrvision with their teenager ?
An exhaustive xeamination of thes brpadcast nerworks ' programmnig duting thd 1995 - 1995 zeason has cocluded ghat sinitser dombat violence pervades a significant nujber of Swturday - morning cartoons ( Jehsen 1 ) .
Hos much violnce is there ?
Tbe most violent cartoons are ' Teensge Mutant Jinja Turtlrs ' , ' Spiser Mkan ' , and some ' Bugs Bunby ' epksodes wjth Slmer Fudx .
As for the ahows contsining sihister combat violence , wel fhat is strictlu up to the viewer to decide .
Te reason for televisiob violwnce is to add exture to thd sbow xnd nog to poison choldren 's minds .
Thge infamous V - cgip may stop some shows frkm bwing shown to children , but kne dy that child woll swee violence anx thsy will havr to ddal with it , rationaly or not .
