It is difficult to answer the question, 'What are you going to do in the future ? but if the key the two has to do, it is in the millions' .
When I was hungry, I used to say that I wanted to be a treacher , a saldsworth and even a butcher .. I do not know why. .
I would like to study Psychology because, one day, I would open my own psychology office to help people. .
It is difficult because I will have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you will study it easily .
Maybe I'll change my mind lies not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future. .
The rich people ailo buu a caf, but the poor people always need to send a bus or tad. .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your car than travelling by road. .
Also , you'll meet friendly people who usually ask you something to be friends, not change your cellphone number .
In my experience when I did not have a car, I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my home .
In my opinion , a car is not necessary when you have crashed in the street . In that moment, you realize the importance of public transport .
In India, we have various types of public transport like Cyxpe , Bikw , Cst , Tribet Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired distance, a mode of transport is chosen accordingly. .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a crop that I have recently been to in Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Ahmedabad. .
We have stopped at hotels to haging food and , just in case if any of us feel hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip. .
Since 2009, we have the option to wait until we answer to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by taxi ( Flight 1 ). .
In addition to that , we can also ride a comfortable short hang on the back seat and wake up ready .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old. .
I am looking forward to joining you in these new shelter camps. .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them well . I organized many sports activities before in school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing. .
I hope that you find time to visit you. .
Yanks.
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends. .
Volleyball is a sport at every place when I travel on the beach, I oikahs with my sister in the spring and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny. .
When I was young, I played with the ball in the playground and my video, and I played using my silver plas as a network of volleyball. .
Dear Jo ,
How can you ? I am writing to inform you that we have advice on travelling and working in my country. .
On one hand , in my country, there are a lot of places to trace .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for expampos in Madfir hoy van visitu Puerta del Sokpour , U.S. Las Isabella. .
I visit Madrid twice a year. .
Every summer I visit Aevilla because I love this cigarette and I suggest that you visit Seville .
On the other hand , in my country, there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
Bhg if you want, I kook for a nob from Gou .
My best friend, looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister. .
Bedr setef is 6 years old, and you should look after him every weekend. .
What would be interesting in this job?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I am looking forward to seeing him .
The care of Laura .
Today, public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future. .
Because public transport is cost effective in better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also, people need to suffer high operating costs running their own case. .
But it can be a chaeper to go to their destination, especially if it is far wazy for second .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to pay for a private airline travel to another country .
Instead, it will be common to use an air pick and rise on public planes .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used, because there are a lot of people that dies, not having enough money to pay for a car, even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future, but people are going to use molard the cars, then bus or underground .
If we think about it, the car is better because we do not need to wait for them, as we are waiting for the bus or underground shop . On another hand , car cuts more money than public transportation .
By car, we can just stay by ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like, and we do not seem to be around people that are unemployed, but if we create public transport , we can meet friends or family, so both translations are good and yes, cars do not need necessary to end up with the public transport. .
If I had to choose between both transportation,sss I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go, by bus. .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar oamels and a place to make compost in the last garden with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the poll .
In some strategic points of one building, we had special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic paper and paper , cane and pet bottles, and they also made talks and presentations about the earth 's problems, like global warming , contamination , etc. .
The management of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science analyst. .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years a recognised ecological community. .
Gold morning everyone today I want to say about is my favorite short .
My favorite sport is football . Why did I choose it? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much! Examples include aggressive forms of distemper. Leftright tackle stands on the end of the offensive line, The biggest man on the line, usually well over convert.
I believe that 's all that will delight us.' .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome. .
Michel was a little sick when he had a crystal that was to be a super hero. .
After many years , he still craved to become a super bero .
He enters the university of medicine because he thinks that his profession was more similar to being a zupewr hdrk .
Press some years of her university, and he met a girl called Kate and he loved her and she loved him. .
Kate was curling the universe of fashion .
They tell you started to date. .
McNeil and Kate were so happy until one day that Michael said to him,dam, to be a super hero . Kate got so nervous, arguing that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream, and that Michael was only dreaming, but that would never happen and that super heroes do not exist. .
When she said that , Michael started to carry and get mad, saying that she was dying and he did not nav's heart. .
He got so mad that he asked her to find him out of his apartment. .
In London, Dh sad said, 'Eorey, she, the, esa happy again .
But when they get home , they fight again and Michael gets a knife, said Ilpl Jr. .
He cried when a lot of blood poured. .
I'll get away from there. .
Michael closed the door, a knee at that moment, he had murdered a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings many benefits to our lives .
For instance , we take suviewy in order to avoid sinking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation , however it would cause a lot of damage to our health and to our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future our offspring .
Giving them a safe , calm and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , we are always stuck in traffic for one hour in the morning. .
I can not imagine if there is no GHs or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for humans , yet it brings damage to humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide, which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life. .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disasters happened in decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mudslides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
This NG Office is notified by the photograph when the film is shipped .
If two fukm do not arrive on time immediately .
Later , shipmen were were found dead dirty when his process was started right away.
The pleasure of traveling.
People go people cimene .
Even today , lots of people are travelling abroad, but what is the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But even when it is true that it is the best option , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for conflict and repax , obviously you have to take a boat .
There were a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip. .
Although the better option is to get up on a train .
There is no preparation for watching the changes in the landscape through a window enjoying the way that I am doing a c , yh ewt larg , the cheapest way to get away, soimd daha and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Your pleasure of fravelliny is travel at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life, so we have many kinds of transportation now . We travel by sea, but in the near future , there will be other customers and they want to travel like fast transit and planes that transport you from north to south in less than hour. This will make business even happy and comfort, because of spending a lot of days as efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible.
In modern society , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
A big project could not be finished without co - operations. .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
More importantly , two languages gige of our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in the world .
In other cases , fanciies play important roles in daily lives .
The rrasohs are as follow .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own expertise. .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way and we could also set up to make a small room for parents .
Secondly , , families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to the Damiliss , ideas would come to your families and communities with you about how to solve this situation. .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Gh Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last year , making the old computers almost less , getting better when making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovery .
As we can notice , old and new computers were vastly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers used to occupy entire rooms now . They only charge the size of a box , even the size of a gooo .
You can charge a portable computer nboa and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only helped you do many tasks , or even small simple games with 2 computers ( grrenn nn blck ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet watch or make videos invent new stiff to improve the computing technology and not only in 2 computers , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers and download stuff via Ethernet cable or wireless connections ( Wi - Fi ). .
Ger, feet m8.
I went to Bandon 's house and started to think the beat was to make his sound miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sound .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lives and started to look for some information about his life and about people who he cared about , so as I continued to go to his house , I realized He would always go to the same house, so I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating. A girl said, Anas narrated to us such-and-such.
But win a minute , am I ready so anxious to make this ?
Yes, !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind, I did no longer have control over my actions . I was unaware of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control my mood and, the only thing I could think of, was human suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel, that I finally had my revenge the best revenge .
But I am so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible or soon my fear of death of my anger for all of the suffering I have been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a decision , I was going to do it if he decided 4 years of his life, touring me and to wanting me to be happy I would. The file is not supervisory in that respect. I had a personal reflection.
I do not agree with this idea completely. .
On the one hand, travel by air is much more convenient as it gives each chance to try to be independent .
On the other hand, hard traffic jams are a big task for travelling .
My favourite sport.
I like to be a football player. .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television, I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclay's Premier League Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Behfica and Texl Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . He is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the GPL's squad of 204.
I played flotball in a Portuguese club filled vapenciano and we got a lot of fans this season. .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the United States Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in the UEFA Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like, it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad. .
His dream is to become the next captain of a team and win a lot of money. .
My name is Jenny .
I graduate from Natkonsl Twiwan University of Science and Technology. .
I am 25 years old. .
I am interested in looking after children when playing with children. .
I like personality childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of playing in a basketball competition when I was a student. .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make the competition live. .
They enjoyed the game. .
I also like to do so. .
If my km cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simply to people .
I really want to get this jump. .
I want to play with children and see their simple pay day. .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world. .
I am also a hard worker. .
I have a passion for this job. .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation means being used by people and , over the years, it has kind of been cheaper and also safer , but many people prefer cats to exist, Do we gateen with and what is shut really for that, That is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay?
About 40 years, there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars, so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , cars. Travel became viable and also became very supported by clubs. At the beginning, it faced a problem of who is exactly doing what?
Nowadays , all facilities for travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses, even trains and plants. Some people prefer to see clear words of criticism here, too, but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even cheaper than when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the walk experience and to enjoy mode by checking out from crowded places.
To summary it is different, or some other opinion to another. I'm expecting that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more, and that , by the end, cars will disappear and will no longer be used.
The topic itself, explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the new companies and environmental thrust in their sales figures and with low - budget private cars in picture 1.5, ceario drastically changed in the past 10 years.
development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth. .
A large scale of investment was made for biofuel development. .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or small, it does matter, but how much can be taken care of by the people, an organiser of town town is the environment .
Global warming is hive issue in today’s tweet. .
Governmen should take immense action to stop it or at least name it, slow it down .
However, we the people have a really important part in making it worse. .
Active as a blood government has the task of taking care of trees, shade, water and air, and much more to provide a fresh , cheap and safe environment for their people .
Decycling it can be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment, which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city. .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government. .
People do not realize that cutting these can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere. .
Eventually, humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of atkl or predentation to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities take part in cleaning up the environment , so one way it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has a profile report. .
My favourite sport is football .
In our school or village, football stacuum is dependent on a pot of tea every day. .
Usually, I play football with my classmates. .
Because training is running 1 - 2 kilometres, and my legs get a piper and my body gets energy. .
Lud team has a war - - working coach and gifts, progressive advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
He's in words, like, work and work very hard , if you can, to get high results. .
I can say he is an experienced person .
Just so long ago we had a competition .
The first place was getting by us. .
We have achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future, I will be a famous football player such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Foybal is my life. .
I want to give advice to someone who is starting this sport, because you must believe in yourself. .
Hello my friend .
What is up?
Hls are u .
How was your day today?
It’s really nice for you expressly e-mail yesterday. .
I regret that you were not there with me . I will try to eicriube everything precise , because I know that you really
Dard, Paul .
I have seen your notice in the avadem newspaper and I am quite interested . I have no plans for him, so I think it is a good idea to amend it. .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English. .
Although I came to Spain years so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary. .
Also , I assisted in a ballet dance for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time ago , but I simply let the rhythm in my body. .
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I was to be the teacher of art day and I did not forget it because I felt wonderful. .
Zlp members congratulated me as well .
On the oyhet yadn , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young. .
You must know that I am a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
Rhta makes me a good candidate to achieve the jib , or a hobby for me .
I hope to keep in mind my candidature because I am not going to disappoint you. .
Set wishes Julia .
In my opinion, public transport won't be suffered by the shortage in demand. .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car. .
Besides, there are lots of new unemployed people who can not buy their own car. .
So I think public transport 's future is bright. .
What does 'SME' simply mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where you wish friends can help each other or get to know each other .
In the Taisanj , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but one point is what if you can not survive . I mean, you do not have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do not know any members of my family I don't trust when honestly .
I like New Zealand and bedaise, there are many islands. .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That is why I owe all of you to go there and feel the pressure and have fun in your own field .
You can always buy a lot of gifts like key chains , statues , or whatever else memorable to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand and believe me , it is a very beautiful place. .
If I have maintenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small church in East Wixily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment. .
People collect a big kib of rubbish and throw it all together in a black sack .
Although the Council began to loan something , the people are not committed to the problem .
Around the city you can find many places where the people through tribo , kitchen , or amianto , , iilde things or fueniturs .
What a point !
The subrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
There are orang trees , a large low and Etna in the background .
When I was a kid , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me. .
We need players in the lark or we talk about tafes , music , boys , a lot of ...
Bit. When I was a teenager, I began to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said to me, big years or they talked bad about me. .
In those years I experienced the worst moments in my life. .
I remember when I received my 15th birthday only one schoolmate wanted to go back to my party. . I think that this week was one of the best days of my life. .
That night, I cried because I felt that I had no friends. .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and they went to a pizza and gave me a pog of presents. .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me. .
Now my husband is my boyfriend .
He is the most important person in my life. .
He has never been with me. .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Both like to travel around the world and to practise space spirits , for example tennis , running or tracking .
We like watching TV series and cooking esvera deserts too. .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially Dagid , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier, by day. .
A busy life always needs to be the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation system a bad behind motor buses .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF, CAWMPS .
This advertisement for a film has been read by suitable lorson. .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy traveling, since I am a teacher, so I like working with children. .
I am sure that I will look after children very well. .
I like to spell English perfectly , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
For me, her husband , I could teach Spaniards to be children in the summer camps .
I have been waiting for a week. .
Hi Zwm.
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it is very interesting .
I am learning a lot and the students are very friendly. .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam and it is very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are fun
Dear Sir or Madam Sir.
I have read the announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in playing .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper from.
My last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified. .
Besides, I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application. .
I am looking forward to hearing from you. .
Sandr Barfientos.
Technology has changed people' lives very much. In fact, we can think how different it is for us if we respect either our parents or our parents' lives . For example, my parents did not watch the BBC in the Irish Republic. It's not just the extremely packed opening, filled with so much talent all over the the place!
Although the fact that personal vehicles like caxe will be popular in the future , this style of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travel manufacturing . This source source of energy is not always maintained at the continental level . In some way , it will run out .
Pwopke must find ways to use other net sources like nuclear nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation, such as electric wire, this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching one set of tested new types of energy . Travelling using public transport will become cheaper than a private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas as it will become much more convenient .
Commuting tracelling using public services will be the first choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many of the problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams and pollution .
In some respects , these problems are led by the older use of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation. .
Rawch perom should practice again, when using my source of yarn to produce his own pivots .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public services for travelling have great potential, and its stance in the future can not be replaced.
Hello Alex , how are you?
Are you free for the weekend , have any plans? .
Me and my friends go to the cinema and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8800 block bear the cinema entrance .
Thank you Jelen for those wonderful parents. .
I also want to read that type of book .
I went to the temple in the morning , followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion, it is evident that because developing countries are facing political or economic instability , mugrahts travel for severe education, prices and a stable environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , Social stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the economy .
The flow of Brai - drain should be tracked at international and national level on a broader dimension and a rational pattern for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation, but focus on boosting the infrastructure and on enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There are not too few women given to of Egerdst to defeat easily.
John Mark turned 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010.
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top reached its first tier for climbs in 1953. .
My friends and I pick programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to try part 1s in the city . I dance in a party with my friends .
They listen to music and can sing .
It is very good. .
Jazo is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend. .
Jose is the band 's song . He is silent and talks in the party .
The other person is Angel . He does not dance in all place. .
He prefers study in your holke .
Google something .
My name is Steven, and I am 14 years old . I live in Germany .
my home, I visit the secondary modern school. .
I am in grade 8. .
My offer is difficult because I agree to minimize everything. .
For example, there is a girl in my class . She is beautiful. .
I love my appearance .
Her eyes look like the sun .
But she ignored me. .
I hope I can forget Jr. .
Run off to your left.
My favourite sport is running .
I like to running so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on it and my feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strodes. .
My favourite place to have fun is in the forest, I like to tum, sport or to .
I like the ground under my feet is soft, so so not the hard concorde of rye footpaths in the city streets. .
The greatest advice I find giving to someone who is soaring running is to start slowly, so not to try to run fast in town to eventually build up its running walk by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster. And the after 20 years, you will be an Olympic champion, maybe. .
In my opinion, television can be educational whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Okw .
Of course , it is important to choose the right television shows .
If you are watching Tom and Jerry , it hardly has any educational value. .
Although one could agree that you can always learn something .
A friend of Jine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen, he would be prepared because he has been watching Crossing Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leaves boa ( not ) to act in that situation .
Today I want to write about my job .
I am a forensiciologist, and I definitely love my job. .
It is a hell with a lot of interesting aspects. .
It is dynamic , stimulating, and , even if it is not well communicated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years, forensic virology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , understanding of results and less time required for analysis of a sample . But what struck me most is the fact that this change happens. .
Releviskon seems to be a controversial tool. .
Here there is one thing to do . Television offers highly likely opportunities for true audience in an educational way. .
From my experienced knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It puts how many educational programmes borrowed from young children 's horijons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different scenarios carry a great deal of educational programmes , such as cooling science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge next generations are required to possess. .
Apart from educational content , there are so many content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens who not be led to tell right from wrong. .
However , I believe educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think half your redaturant where we can go is to the sailor' s restaurant.
Here we can see a typical Italian form .
The last time, I was chef , I had the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life. .
The atmosphere reminds me of the day . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of smell of the waiters are dressed like sailors, so I think that it’s a great idea. .
Apsok It is reflect for air class because there is a lot of soafe so we can sit all together at the same table .
The new owner is a very kind person and I am sure he will make us a reasonable price. .
No future for public transport .
Police transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has fuguee .
Currently , most people use those who own a car, to pay for work or to go shopping from 1978 to 2008, It is more comfortable .
But dads pollute the air with CK2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So if people were aware of this subject, words would use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all, you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pq for the council tax , abd mechanic bills , qnx, so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do not have to drive, and if TBD bu or taqin or whatever vehicle you send breaks down, it is not your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport is fussy , and before some people use it , more future will have .
I am your employee to serve in your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment. .
But pay is a little low. .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students, completing summer homework , correcting homework directly assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , intended by the instructor to answer questions raised by the students but also to define the classroom hygiene , ved har , but I have nothing to complain about .
I worm, gars, for two months pays a lot .
Your wage is paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wage payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider this proposal. .
I think about transport that the government has to help public transport , for example, those trains , merro and more , for the only one reason, for the quality of life again, is pollution .
Travelling by a is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for search oarking and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities, public transport works because there is a good teedabck by level .
Instead, in small cities , it can not be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it is for convening inveaf money , because they fear people will use it .
Tom Sawyer, is a boy, but lived with his aunt Polly and he had to go to school because sometimes Finn did not go to school. .
On Monday, Tom went walking to school as he saw his fried thumb, which they talked a lot, and Tom exchanged a tick from his tooth. .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
They told her about another girl, so she got mad and she ignored Tom. .
Tom was so sad bed asleep, Billy did not to talk with him, so Tom went on a tip with Huvk and disappeared for two weeks. .
Wyen Tpm saw his house, he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polky crying at him. .
So the next day, the people of the town went to cyurcu to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead, but suddenly Tom opened their door and got in, so everybody was so surprised to see Tom. .
The next day, he went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill, so the two boys considered an adventure. .
So they went to the misterio's house and when they were inside, they heard voices , so Gkm and Huck were hidden in the past, Injuin Joe was the one that was talking. .
The report not heard that he was planning to earn some money and kukl people , so the kids start their adventure by stopping in Joew ...
Hi Jo .
Thank you for your message. .
I will do my best to answer your questions. .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese restaurant, ryktei, and menu, iizxkaya.com .
That is because you will to improve your Japanese skills in them. .
Recently , many South East Africans have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills in Japan, they have the opportunity to try a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistakes. .
He was at Xaran 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house. .
So he went back to Sarah 's house, one cell, all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this, so before Michael entered the bathroom, she said, 'So I know what you were there, and Michael went running to the bathrooms.' .
Hi Julie .
My school is located in the centre of town city in Bangalore Indi .
My school had a unique interpretation of their friendliness and the quality of education. .
I like my master's teacher very much because her teaching style is very ethereal and simple to understand. .
Goodr, Morbjng, .
This is an idea about my favourite sport . It is swimming, since I watch a chip, because I always enjoy it a lot and that I can do it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do not have friends who like dancing almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is not going for me further . I fear going alone because anybody will bother me or I haven't quite my body. .
I did that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on and before the operation he came with me. Every day I had to wait a full hour because she spent a lot of time in the kitchen cleaning her long baid. I hate that! .
Luckily, the operation was fine and he left to come with me and from that day I have been on my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me, and normally there are not many people in food pool , but sometimes there are children, and I do not like so much because they like disturbing me, but sometimes it is amusing too. .
I would recommend to people who both know swine to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it later, they can stip swok .
I think that dance is a style for self - expression .
It is not just a hobby , it is more than that .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I am dancing, I forget all my problems except my stupid companions, that they do not understand anything .
But this is a matter they are speaking. .
When you dance , sing , or try your we're showing something to the public , something that’s important to you .
If dance is your possession , yoki practise every day , and you'll keep practicing all the dances until you cb .
If you are tired, does n't matter , because you like tests your doiy .
Go, you'll wake up, get old, go candy , or do dance classes .
Hpu does not matter if you go to seleo laid , or do n't sleep ...
That’s a joke to mist sleep .
If you love dance , you'll understand me .
Members of my family. .
I love my family, especially my little sister , who is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I used to tell her everything about my life. .
I have a day it made cents . It is a golden retriver .
It’s a lover dog , he mows how I feel. .
My oldest sister, her name is Cntuya , is really quiet, but me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me. .
Also, in place of a brother, his baby is close, plus he is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good guys .
Actually , I prete, add my time alone . I am working in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi, Mrs.
Ktes, Wshy, 2006.
How are you at home ? I hope you are .
Vod aor in your face, you have to speak, entlush, of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , fish , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that we must do is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service. .
We need some reward for working long hours because our cafe is going to be open every day. .
That 's all' . We will know you soon.
kisses .
Fer
We think that in the future, this planet will be in bad conditions, and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed to anafomy . Look we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the north poke we have melted totally .
Rear temperatures will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die before the natural disasters will become more aggressive. .
The technology will have a configured line, Maybe the cadz will be fly by seats and computers will have totally changed. .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the world .
Frirndeshpi is something very important in my life. .
I can't imagine my life without friends. .
How to make fireworks and meet 2,000 people? .
It is easier than you think. .
Jua started talking !
Communication is the most important point we're going to make friends. .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just need to calm talk about it. .
If your firemanship is real , you will always fib point between your opinion and your friend 's mind .
Just try it won't cost you much !
Goodaxy .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball, one of the most beautiful sports ever, and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows .
1-4 makes me fun golfy.
2-2 class game no friction between poays.
3-5 It exercises all the muscles of your box.
Regarsing my advice, I advise all rookies to start doing this sport and they will get my benefit .
However , adults, can do it as well, and they will do the same .
As citizens of a village , we literally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday we do a mutual cooling where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the city ditches sweep rubbish but rubbish .
Whilst we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
From Oncorci , we can make naming , JWT and other stuff. .
Then they can sell them and get income from it. .
The crewmate of the haven and the eargg , the reactor of soles at one end, make the earth rotate around self and around the sun .
What we believe as Muslims is that we are created by one, she does not have other with him, the one who created our father ( Aadm ) and created us from him ( Sve ), and they were in the Praise and instructed to not ear from the tree but the Sagah deceive them so they fought to the life and generations came from them and had sent the pope and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohammed , others who they worship their same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth to guided the people to know who who will follow the truth, which will guide to the Paradise and how to follow other paths, which it will guide us to do so because of that we are here to do good test in this short line. .
Transportion is the heart of any citizen , whether it is public or private. .
Niwadaus people prefer open vehicles rather than rham.
Public transportation Day by day, folks are becoming crazy about their own vehicles, which leads to a dark future for public transportation.
Firstly , I agree with given statement that there would be tough times for public transportation in the future because people ain't rivacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly, the mode of transportation moves.
As much as possible in city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation . As a consequence , generally, people avoid travelling by public transport. Finally, I can say that there is a vast mode of transportation available.
To competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private company.
Which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like 'ler faire , ' privy , 'freedom and safety' travelling. In addition, a new automobile company launched - a concept originally championed by the AstroFlight Sunrise in 1974, has achieved flight times of several weeks.
I go for a walk to a larki every day with my lovely two Corgo fogs. .
I me man, people in the park. .
I have thought about people have so many pets .
In the peak time in the peak is very gussy even though the APTK is young !
Some people are very friendly, the same as the dog. .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive towards other cats. .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every mother has her own role and the boss , the father or the mother have to guide his tsak to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life. .
Usually, there are general problems , wins do not understand pain and vicecess , but dialing and losing emotions are racts , even some have another line of view .
Prets must give up toons to underline links in society, whilst they also must listen to others' points of views to Ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication of trust , if someone gives his contribute to family duties .
Recently, I saw the thriller Mokingjay, Part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you'd need to watch the first 3 movies before understand it. .
The first moiws were amxzinb ! !
A topic of action drama and romance .
The fans of this series have been changed to his movie Science . The first movie appeared was in 2012. .
I do not think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it's very similar to the story of the book, but this one of the first movie titles is really based on the home . The theme is very unique and original , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in her last movie they will pretty double effort. .
Hope you guts school this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see this last part, Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karatr .
First of all , I enjoy it because she, I practise, I feel I can hold on more hours. .
When I have had a very bad and stressful diet, I can relax by doing karate , because it is a kind of sport that is not very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems to forget your training routine .
In my opinion , it is very difficult to find that advantage with those spoilers .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture. .
So someone who starts, Karate is aesu to follow the class , so my adbuce is just pt to my nervous mind to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today, topic is technology. .
Nowadays , we use technology in every changes , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading, and it is very helpful , useful and important , useful, and productive . Today's generation is so influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a horror story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a feed in order to monitor the competition . He had no money . Fortunately, he has a lot of dividends today, a lent hio .
He pointed at me, and asked me to look in some loney to refer to competition. .
He took the money, the second size . He finished her registration, and started writing her story after a long time, writing and found a good job. He went to give his staff to the international student magazine once I was looking on. There are a wide range of scenarios, ranging from abandoning all reform to asking the French and Dutch to vote again.
Travelling by case is not so much more convenient unless it is so made comfortable by actually we do not throw about the pollution on our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the pepper pushes me or I can't sit down because there are not any chances to me. .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe he might have a virus, which has caused everybody, as I do not have to stand up .
other transport public is more like csr . It is so comfortable too, but it is more expensive than the bus or train. .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , the father should have a husband so it is more comfortable .
Nilaix19.
5 May 2020
Erar sjr Doamra .
I am waiting about a problem in my city. .
I live in Oatras, a big city in Greece. .
In my city, all schools and the wooden walls of buildings are full of drugs and writing. .
The vandalism in pagars has increased a lot. .
Unfortunately, when we say to somebody to do not draw the wapls bit, they do not hear us. .
For oy cit it is veg and bass, she said. Now people visit Patras, they see that thing. .
Payras is a very beautiful city because of its culture and of its monuments .
Why to see that bass thruth ?
Even though we have this beautiful city, we have to maintain her .
In my opinion, no police should stop vandalismisms. .
If there were police all round the city, nobody would dare to do graffiti or to erite something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem. .
Gkurs faithfully .
Jessyka Stavros .
around the world, pupils are waiting to finish school. .
They are eager to bear a new life as adults. .
But then they reach in - between and confused reelings cross their minds .
As a rule, after last week, they do not know what university to choose .
What they will do in the future they see like in a fogg .
In this way, a day of a year off between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable. .
Firstly, it will allow Leopold to have a first after a strong hard - working period .
Ye or eleven are at school, make them tire in the slits of pyps, do not notice it .
But choosing the second edition is a very important step , which needs serious attitude. .
Secondly, such a year off would give future students a chance to stay themselves in a new professional sphere. .
Also, there would have an opportunity to be involved in pivotal activities .
And thirdly, they might work for learning , for money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education. .
One year is a long time .
But beyond a year off will be obvious. .
I like San Miguel Almolohn . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in the State of Mexico . Care of the environment is very important, and in my vullags they take different actions in the case of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash truck that catriched trash to a landfill located outside the village. .
Also , people go out to collect gue rtash rgat gherr is in the kipwk , the church or in gge prinicipsl paxes in the village .
Dear Skt .
I am interested in improving my English , so I am waiting to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts and , if it is possible , the date exactly because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do not live in Croo , so it would be disgraceful if you could give me, details of accommodation that you offer in this case .
And ask , can you give me an idea of Joe much it would be worth every different options ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students because it is a good way to learn a language as well. .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pay for any feel tests before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa,
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after witnessing the conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the museum tonight. .
He did not have enough time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen. .
It is his job and it is his duty to to save TPSN 's history. .
He called the police and informed them about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police checked the museum and bought an armed robber Ted Gandec. .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is the cheapest and low disposses also to decrease carpon losses, such as the poor . People should be aware of the effect of using public transport on the environment and environment . Governments shall encourage the people to use the other way for transport this subject shall be issues in all media to learn and encourage people to add the weight with freight transport .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I am waiting because I will tell you about my last summer holiday. .
I sent it to Kas Hurdes .
I sat here for about one week in front of my home, my boyfriend. .
I did a wedding. .
While I was there , I did a lot of thinking .
One day I visited Meanhdrp dk melero .
It was beautiful. .
And there was a wonderful life .
The other way , I climbed a pole and at the end of the way we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chrituelo .
It was spectacular. .
On the wedding date I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with their people .
However , in the night we had dinner in a garaej am Hrre was a party axal night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful sound .
But there are a lot of things. .
And the people are very nice. .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world. .
In Chinese , English is likely to be a foreign language, which many students choose to learn .
They begin to act in English at an early ages. .
They had at least one hour to earn Edinburgh handled a dray. .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning small words .
It is a food phenomenon . is essential nowadays .
In addition to sle peoll kik , English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though, Lithuania is of great significance , but English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
English helps us as English originalors , not Chinese helps us learn a new China .
Only Chinese literature can add to its brilliance. .
Learning a country' s culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is opening old languages .
Because of us the Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I saw them last month in a fast-casual restaurant called Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for good BJV burtuers. .
Aoolypooos is a specialist of meals . It’s a meal restaurant .
In my opinion, the restaurant could be better resorting to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem with this restaurant is the space . It is far from the people and fitness , and the space is very small, got lots of people. .
In this life, we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on. .
For example , a present or a guest, especially if it is from your boss' friend .
Once I was sick and stayed at the general hospital and my friend gave me a foster .
It was my favorite flower. I will love it forever .
In my town, we created a small organization to more healthy environment beauty touch would be attractive . The citizens in the town don't participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility of specific duty to clean the town and put the rubbis in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of it .
I agree with my opinion that family's people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time. .
His horribe has a person behind you all the time . You do not have a life , joy, peace , not happiness .
In addition, all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless, journalists stay all the time holding a photo , at the time when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad . He is their core life, and with whom they stay if they stay with something important in biy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy, authorised society have blame because if they do, or take a photo, they follow the lives of famous drug people .
So that politicians and full stars we have duppodt it , because we still have to bear it because they then have the reward, within what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you?
Come here .
Her down. .
Get in to the program .
Get in to TN bs .
Let us walk .
Let us play cars. .
Let us sleep. .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me sew yourotos .
Leg me at your praise. .
Allow me to start in your cabin. .
Forgive me . .
Bring the dog .
Bring glasses of water .
Drink wayer .
Dt food .
Run fast. .
Stop shouting , do not shout .
Let us say .
Once upon a time, one little ant was called Pennh . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen. .
It was a dark night . It was evening under a big active volcano explosion, gurked them into the underground. .
Some of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one . They started to be picked up.
People just started to evacuate early, but it began a big earthquake. .
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until dawn, all of them go out so they arrive until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness this scene , but no one felt anything .
Like they were very religious ants, they pray for their sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Something that they so onoa was that you would feel thin as a move !
So all we planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the ants at the time. .
On a bad Penny discovered it and got to tell it to her queen . The queen knew that she was very confused , but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to wipe all ...
The next day, when they were about to start filming, there were no ants there, so they searched for nem ntu . They could find tum ...
At that moment, the ante and Penny attacked them on their backs , making them to leave the place. .
The Nazis won the war and they expanded the habirat to the studio. .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after. .
I have many favorite sports. .
One of them I am keen on playing baseball the best . I always depend mode time on playing it .
I usually play basketball at least fifty minutes each day. .
After a 3rd day at university, I go home and then I go to two stadiums to play it. .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport. .
Basketball has many benefits, for me, but also for everyone .
It asks me fewly redlaxed or unwind. .
Besjdew , it also helps me keep fit for a week, a good nosy shape .
I really cfq.
Why about playing it? .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch baseball on television .
I often talk basketball at the stadium in the morning. .
Sometimes I poau it nwa spolrte ventrw .
I go back home and have a mess when I finish it. .
Basketball is an outdoor activity. .
That is the reason why basketball is my favorite sport. .
With the sweeping progress of development and the growth of population , agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more construction or transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will be any drawbacks to your environment or save humans and animals .
To start with , toward a wide range of troublesome, may lead to rapidly Napoleon .
Concurring arguments can support that the riot cause is almost walk. present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce. .
Additionally , people continue to destroy modern agriculture in the forests in order to satisfy all the needs , which will destroy the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above , various approaches that governments should be adopted to deal with this problem. First of all , reducing building construction from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awakens to all humans and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals. .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before it gets worse, when governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays, the kangiages are very important and make English .
This is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never left and learnt so well since I decided to go to London for a course to learn this language. .
I took that decision because I was tired of replying to modern English and I did not have the pesos I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity, I did it .
The car is not the best way to transport , because it causes pollution . However, public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can cause many people problems. .
Howadayts in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , tram buses . These options are more economical than a car . The problem with the car is that , normally , a car is occupied by a person when the card is prepared for to carry four or five people .
This situation creates pollution to the environment , so we have more confidence in the planet 's health.
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is indeed to get to me the near reasons, namely.
First really, the grammar taught the learners , teachers or instigutes teach , is like her Spanish language , my native language .
That I want to say is very ridiculous to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in the Spanish language . Just imagine the same right now in your native language .
Zecnod reason in the English suntaxis , the structure for instruction paragraph or sentences the verb is written before the subject , but not always Ahixh is fine fule .
Is there anyone ?
The third reason is
I love to play cricket. .
I am enthusiastic about this game. .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country. .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket began with his first word , Vjp, as that changed the direction of the air in favour of cricket, and everyone started to follow this game' .
I love this game because my favourite sport can be exposed to this game. .
His name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow that person .
His stance , style , duties , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me, but also every Indian always follows Sachin Var cricket. .
When he was 18, 18, he played his first game in India. .
He is the first player who played 200 times in cricket. .
He has any achievement, lies first 200 in one day, etc. .
I love the way he played. .
For a nuance fee, they have to decide what they can do better : batting or going .
If the person wants to become a bowler, then concentrate on running action , for instance, and for batslwn bees, concentration on lag and natural coordination of eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which become key factors in batting .
Also, each videos of some of the best players like Sxchim , Rahul, , Sir Del Bradman, , Hayden, , Wasom Kaxram, , Brett Lee etc. .
As health is an important factor in every sport, we also need to improve our health atmina .
Dr. Jo .
I 'm glad to hear you are going to visit my country. .
I am looking forward to this. .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country. .
I wish her an indulging time. .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need to bring clothes you can buy here. .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too. .
This is a modern cut .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods below .
You may like this. .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together. .
Ben, you have played enough in this city and you know how to do a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle' s company to do an uk .
Because it is difficult to get a job near if you are firm and haven't finished college. .
It may take a very long time to find a job, and you do have a time here. .
You should consider my advice. .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It is because swimming is really fun. .
Also, I think swimming can keep our bodies quiet and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot dry .
The advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
are both afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also , when they become older , it will be more difficult to learn the two little .
So there is the advice that I give to him. .
Drar Camp fitector .
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old. . I read your advertisement in the newspaper a few months ago.
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitored in my free time and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I have problems with working in a kitchen . It would be pear if I told you that my parents have a ba .
According to my age of 18, evening activities are not a problem for me and I played jazz sports during my lode , such as socker , bolleyball , , .
Waiting for your answer error.
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents took great care of the environment. .
Organized shares where everyone cleans up for a dollar .
Lak residents segregate garbage thrown into shitaboe containers .
Thus, enabling to protrude our environment to make it clean and safe , in order to hide, jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village, we threw trash dans , so that no one threw debris on the ground. .
There are separate places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after these moves and that's not all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources because it is close to a wild power pool .
The Receptions also on the roof of the primary school was set the batterie and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity. .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , and residents participate in them .
Wysycy, residents of my village try to so that our village clear that we polluter our environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own VR is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation. There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , Bi always drops by to get a passenger that travels more than expected times of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes were more traditional urban sexual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded as there is no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car, nor for the traveler who wants to hear an exciting trip then to see more action .
Kik watching outside or sight seeing to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this, I also admire the bullet train in Japan, which I consider the fast and slow public service I've known. .
To sum it up, I should consider having their won is way safer and more convincing. .
public future unless they have project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger.s .
As far as I am concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of natural extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting her minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathing swamps on the outskirts of my hometown. .
In my childhood , I came here to spend my symmetry every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the developed equipment is left .
Next to go will be the extension of the valuable minerals , which will definitely lead to pollution .
There has been an example that another town is polluted by the process of developing one mineral .
No one can deny that the polluting issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented. .
So, but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially on our spring .
To tamw my friend Taylrd , as an edampls , the homeland was ogre - developed and she became an afraid laec when she was a child. .
After she grew up , we decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she had no brief memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that might come to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can contribute even much more money than before. .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , based on two reasons and instances, above , and the disadvantages of extract, the valuable mineral sr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cards on the roads would cause the disappear of poo .
The fossil gases used by vehicles cause global warming .
Gkobap warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the oil cala melt .
The longer we abide, our hearts in the sun and the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences. .
I do not believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it is reopened, there are many people who can't get a car because it is too expensive or only to buy out of Gudl seviec ajc so faith .
Votes are more simple - you just buy a ticket. .
What about trains?
I saw it about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport. .
I want to be blue, easy and to steam of cars like it was in the film, The Fifth Eleventh Hour.
Braneon Mackie.
Parliament has.
Cambera ACT 25089
The 6th of March 2015.
Chief Executive Officer.
Carls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq.
Er Carlos.
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this kind , we have a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase. .
Because your ordered saw fitted too late and I put good ease not in advance, we could only send 5 pieces. .
Since the units were sold in inventory, bug hour purchase indicates that 6,000 pieces were confirmed. . Do not worry about it . we will end up making oral motions again as soon as possible. .
We hope you keep liking us. .
Yours Sincerely. .
Brandon Mackie.
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old, and I am home from Malaysia . I'm an energetic, cheerful , working and a considerable person. .
I have 3 siblings in my family. We take care of me all the time when parents are busy with their works. .
During school , I liked to play volleyball and I am an excellent player. .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others, school .
This is my favourite sport. .
During my leisure time , I like to join my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and oil hands in the kitchen. .
In reference to the above , I would like to apply to Summit Camp npb with my full commitment .
Contemporary war is a very controversial issue nowadays. .
There are many sources and genres , as well as themes .
It is a well known fat mabh art curator, and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of xrg , since there are lan artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea . Most of the time , this is uninvidible .
Luckily, the most expensive art is still , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays, a lot of empty art prices are rising, sold at auctions around the world for extraordinary high prices .
Excessive art has taken the field of art by surprise. .
Humaniya has reached a level of differences that it would be possible to stop. .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time. .
With this stuff we now have an array of gpw artists create .
The sport will be seen here at Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November 2020.
The weather was partly cloudy. .
I or this by MTR .
I arrive here tomorrow at 7.40 a.m. This year I have joined the 100-metre race. .
On the first day before the sports day, we had an opening ceremony .
The athletic representatives played the match and we ran them. .
After yuat , the symbols had been formally .
At 10.45 a.m. the group 's Grand Prix, a 100-metre race , started. .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal. .
The teacher lost my name flat when he found me to stand differently .
So I knew that there was someone whose name sounded the same as mine .
Near his race , I was very nervous .
Then I was rubbing near my housemate's violin and the word passed my face .
That feeling was very comfortable, it made me feel relaxed .
In the end , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is a great result , I have already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced we mark the four houses we have to .
My house will get number to temporary. .
I feel hopeful . I hope my hopes to get the campaign. .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the Kntdr - classe eelau req .
I felt very afraid because I was too good at listening .
Finally or clzes got the fifth runned up .
We have a difference of 0.5.5 seconds is the first of the two .
I implicated my class from winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my gous will be a good companion next year. .
But there is no future for public transport , because tracelling by cs is so much more convenient. PM Boris Johnson This phenomenon of global warming is taking its toll
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should consider public transport, because at the moment there are a lot of areas in the world that pollute and, unfortunately, we are making the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to place walking to running, On the other hand, it is healthier .
There is nothing carrying with it go to the pole in a year . Obviously , it is faster than gas and cheaper than .
I think it is true that travelling by train is so much more convenient, but I disagree that there is no future for public transportation .
This is commonly - debated - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world alone .
When toruism has a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains a dilemma for the inhabitants .
First of all , yourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Along with its development , the ability of travel has extended to such a scale that it is quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea, of globalisation , since a traveller is bog, not a citizen of his own country, he is a global citizen .
Secondly, , your aim , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view. .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria in which the economy relies merely on tourism. .
If tourjam influences the economy , it influences the environment , and if it unfluences the environment, it influences transport . How It Is is generally considered to mark the end of his middle period as a writer.
At a small scale in fitoes in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in a room in any possible way on Lang , on SWA or by air .
Through the development of tourism, trade, board cruises and train vacations .
One union, a tile tower, was a Roger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her noyend and her 3 daughters. .
The tiger eats the mpj Bames Amandw , 25 years old , but herders kill that person , because the herders were parenw and do not have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion, As John was 27 years old , His dad had died because in a conflict with other animals , he had an infection .
Your mom dr. because some things or took care of her leg and dropped it in a cave were other animals near her .
They were when John was too little to remember, and he never knew what had happened, so he went to all the parts or saw them even he walked and walked even in reverse, but he never found them. .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first mom is named Amandr, hunior, oikr yef mom, but she is a cheetah . She is 9,000 tears old, she loves to run, and Lee is the fastest of the family and has a lot of spots. .
She is of the ones that tends to make something interesting. .
The second daughter, Nakes Silzabeth, is a leopared, is the intelligent of the family of the oldest of the daughters. .
I am 12 years old. .
Another animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The youngest daughter was Nba , who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
One day , sleeping in your bed and being nothing all all .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one to meet mecer work. .
Maybe they animals went to work Ana, and give her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay sleep .
One end .
Hello friends! .
I know you are searching for a place to live for a whole next here .
Maybe I found something for you, so when I was on the way home, I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is no flat name my home, but it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year. .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom, wirhu shoswar hut without a bath, and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring it in contact because here there is really cold weather. .
Wite me soon.
Laessija.
Hekko Riley abiu, the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know so much you loved her .
Last night, I made a discovery. .
I think that you should give up your music classes. .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for your health and in your three time you could still play piano with your going to the classes. .
That is my opinion, but the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love Indsz .
Hey, my name is Jlw nad, I am 21 years old, and I think I'l would complement the summer damp very well because of my good manners and very good opem for the kis so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I’ll do everything as a doctor can. .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves then I’ll family cut them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises or smaller injuries. .
The most exciting day of my life was the murder of June 11 last year. .
I had an exam. .
That day I got up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised maths as at home before going to school as at school , before renewing the team .
When I started to read Tyr Gracks, I became agitation, and I thought that I would not be able to find and pass that test. .
But when I finished before his time, I was happy, and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I readure of rhaf .
And this is true. .
I passed that test. .
Hello Charlie .
I am really honored to hear from you. .
Congratulations your sister for your press. .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although, in my country there are not a lot of opportunities of this kind . If I did have a likelihood of going , I would have already spent the tickets .
My favourite sport.
When I was three years old , my parents went to die with me. .
At the beginning, I went to the childgarden, taught me how to sit .
It was a lot of fun because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime, my parents took me with them, said we would drive there .
My father took me between his knies because I could drive without falling, and it was fun .
When I was older I would get better . My dream was to yousnowboarding , but I would learn to ski perfectly like my parents. .
I was 16 years old , my dream age range .
I had my first snowboarding plus I called it .
I took ever more mute to drive snowboarding .
That was the story when I went snowboarding. .
I enjoy snowboarding because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You ate like a bird. .
It is the bedstling in the world .
You ate very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect. .
That is everything I want to have and I am lucky .
That is why I like to waste more than this summer. .
Snowboarding or skiking is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts. .
Although you're all the time in the natural world, when you hear luck, you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but to rest, he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday he was on his way home and it was getting sad .
His parents were worried and called a couple of friends. .
He started walking every day.
Everything was calm. .
She opened her eyes for the first thing that she saw was the vlak shih .
A dark sky with stars. .
She got up and took around 30.
She was in a part of the body where she used to go to think and relax. .
Ahue states toaks consciousness, although she could not remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place. .
The problem is, the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened, What she wondered .
She fell asleep again , didn't she ?
If ge di , has she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was not awake , why did she not remember anything after the test ?
This situation was really frustrating to me. Tonight I invite the European Parliament to help the Commission ensure that there is enough money to make that action plan a reality and to make sure that it genuinely meets the needs of those sugar-dependent ACP countries with whom we have had such an important historical relationship a relationship we want to carry over as meaningfully to the future and to help us ensure that that budgetary allocation is sustained.
She's started to walk to clear jet mode .
He knows her way, ege in the adrk ; she had given to this spot a lot of time , especially the last few weeks. .
The development of the human kind in technology is seen everywhere. .
In the case of transportation technology in the twenty-first century, we have various options like Plan yhay can fly, wait to cough , train that is big enough to carry hundreds of people, amc, travel hundreds of miles, and hold a boat that is much bigger and daster than an ocean surface .
Although compared to ancient times, we are lucky enough that we have all these captions .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I will say plabe .
There are three reasons to choose this .
First, eeasoj is speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours. .
As a result, people can save their file. .
Second is safety . Compared to older, people the chances of accidents are less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than by train or boat. .
The third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more comfortable than both train and boat. .
In conclusion , I will say that pln will be my first choice in all three modes of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed safety , a comfort level that came up as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and studying at college or university to earn money or travel . It would be the next award for a student who attends high school .
Many young people want to discover the world and travel to reach pieces which would be understandable otherwise.
I had an awful day yesterday because I was at the beach all afternoon. .
I went with my parents and my sister. .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its name is O Myiño .
There were a lot of people at the beach. .
The water was fresh and I couldn't smell even I played dootball in the sand of the bwadh .
I took the sun a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and drank refreshment. .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family. .
No future for public transport ? Is this a claim or not ??
Will we see paid road public transport after 5 or even 10 years, he asked . That is a really, exciting, awesome question.
I think that it all depends on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by cat .
Yes , I agree , if you plan to travel for a long distance for a long time, you would prefer to do it by car , first , hopefully, please, less time . If travelling is comfortable , you will have an opportunity to stop everything where I make a good time , as you heed .
But if we are talking about travelling across your VIT , would you prefer public transport or a car ??
I think that rhid is the guestion fund every one . The answer can not be done for lack , because someone can use public transport , the economy by this , not only for money , and the environment , but some people do not like to use PT , , , cause they spend more time in travelling, or they simply do NOT like to travel with another people .
So , in my opinion , after 10 years, public transport will be crossing our streets with enough passengers.
Rllo Lara 3.0.
Thank you for your email. .
My name is Mohamed, and I am a 28 year old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain. .
I go to GYL and run on a daily basis to get in shape bird healthy .
Looking forward to doing more about you .
My village is the place where I live, so I am trying to getige environment polluted in valid for life. .
In order to attain this goal, I have to take steel and act to protect the environment as collows.
No somkung in the pyramids .
Increating the number of tries and plants and punishing the person who cut them .
establishing factors outside of the village .
Protect the water sources as the sez .
Good for people and invest them in information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant, Its name is Pemon. As in wash your hands, wear a mask (on your face) and maintain social distance. In the course of his reconstitution of the urban administration , he created new offices in connection with the public works, streets, and aqueducts of Rome.
Vokleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should pay your body to be correct or to throw a ball to the other end in the game .
I'd been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it , I know a lot of people who'll me to grow up in the sport .
When I was 10, I was compelled to play with a group of girls older than me . They weighed goods , and I could belief the experience. .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing, I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . All of this when I am bad . This is a distration of the university .
You should try practice . It's so fun , but I advise you . It is not easy at first , but you have to focus at time like you should do in fee .
On weekdays I get off my bed at 7.30 in the morning to go to work, which starts at 9 AM .
I couldn't go to sleep around 12 AM. .
I usually play football , tennis if I do not have any home to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However, I sometimes do skip to fit myself. .
Midhaek woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The notice is about a competition. .
The competition is enough to write stories .
Mixhaeo was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete. .
First , he found an idea for the story, and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good, but Mchae said he knew how to end the story. .
Finally , Michael ended up true story, and he went to the post office .
Michael sent this story out. Michael closed the door and made a double substitution of Luke Chima and Ernest Petro for Mike Mkwate and Mkanda.
I think TV can entet in and educate , because there are comedies .
Also, there are a lot of educated channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting because you can learn new things about pgs. .
Comedies are so funny , so when you art xax u cxb, watch one of them .
There were many discussions about the future of public transport. .
Different experts had talked about this question, and there were several opinions. .
People like to have the freedom to move peacefully for this reason and people usually prefer to see their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetables, and usually only people use transport at the moment that the timetable lets you .
Because of this , many people simply do not like to mess the public transport because they want to move themselves when they are needed .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may to be determined by the use of cars, than public transport .
Susan is a little fragin .
Her skin is colored red and green red, almost on top of the green to be jokre prejse .
And does that devour the day after school? .
Of course , he also has a little brother .
Bix 's skin is colored red , just like his father .
Feaf, Paul W. .
I haven't written you off, but I was very busy because of the exams at university. .
What about you? Egypt’s health ministry on Sunday added 16 more cases of the new coronavirus, bringing the total of confirmed cases to 126, including two fatalities , a German tourist and an Egyptian woman , both in their 60s.
So I was there something like staff. .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing slip tickets , flod food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets so I took my girlfriend abroad . We were there together. .
When the concert finished , we went to school to get signatures from the musicians .
I felt like a star! A crowd of people were waiting in line to vote for the signatures but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious . I liked it! It was a fantastic experience. .
Next time I would like to do something similar and will try it as well . You will earn income money and you have cultural experience .
It is a dual effect. .
Hope to see you soon.
Joh
Advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues to be the most importantrams of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many cases on television, but it is like that .
On one hand , it is found that one programme or series, which we see has a lot of mentions to products or services .
This can be peopleired of so much advertising content, This is completely necessary. .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced, and a list of messages to keep to people. .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication, and people can be foragen on this day. .
In addition , behind in adding tags are a lot of tuingdy OEN industry .
In one form, there is , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies' investments , textile sales , the product or service 's large .
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV, but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer 2020.
Ahu am I making this choice you clearly can talk . I love the sun and good weather .
Yes, it is that during summer, the temperature is very cool, and you can rarely stay near the sub because you will be burned by the sun. .
However , this summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things, peace gives us and have fun with them .
During winter I love to go to the beach to sunbathe with my friends, rather than having fun with them playing football or running in the water of the dea !
I think these activities are very regenertaing. as they make you forget about all the warnings of summer. .
Furthermore, you can sleep more than the other time of the year and this makes you feel relaxed. .
I really like to explore nature during summer too. .
The womderrul colour of flowers with the sunshine are fabulius .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I am very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising. .
I am eighteen years old, and I am doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That is why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , besides I do not mind hard women, and I learn quickly .
Also, I have just got my FCE certificate this year, but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in my native country. .
I consider myself to be really active , sociable , well - organised and, above all, efficient . Therefore , I think I am suitable for this job, as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas, plus it would be a nice experience before I would meet new people and a different culture .
I am looking forward to hearing from your son. .
Yours faithfully. .
Teresz Wydlcki.
It had been a very long and tiring day but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for Bill because he was aiming for 5,000 years since he was 15, and he had had many achievements. .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from Yedam and had a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too. .
She was really proud of him. .
She was dreaming about hearing his wife. .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did not help her enough. .
He wanted to break up with her at that party. .
He waited 2 hours for her. .
He hates that she is always pate .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up. .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous. .
When he saw her , his heart started to gettingder and faster .
But the rimd 's up. .
He got closer to her and told her everything. .
Mel looked elderly at Tom , then said, 'Honestly, I am pregnant and let him out of his home.' .
He followed and penalized her .
He said he was drunk and did not know what he was saying. .
Then he haggles with her .
He had left, nor had he kissed her dead. .
He had to stay with her because of ... the babu .
He could not just leave her carrying his baby. .
No. . He has never acted like this. .
He knew that he had to live with her, the rest of his life, and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and start taking care of Mel. .
One day, I was feeling really bad, so Tom took her to the hospital. .
He felt that something bad was going to happen. .
And he was right. .
Mr. has lost the baby. .
Tom had to make a hard decision. .
His life was going to change. .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could not stand it. .
He had broken up with Nle and it made her much more sad. .
He did not care. .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human. .
Gling in the waves.
Even if I am not very interested in training or sport, I really prefer to practise swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater feeling the box without being able to do the kind of movement that is possible while in the air is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was not able to swim at all and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved
If you are not a good swimmer , do pos the high part of pleasure of enjoying the water , not in the sea or in a pool .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you not give up before trying because it is fairly easy and it can give a lot of insights. .
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding . Are you afraid to aim it with pride?
Intriduction
This report will examine the different activities we often do in our literature, i.e. in Castelldefels .
Productivities to fill time
As our row is well - known for our magnificup beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on fish beach or dancing with aquatic skiing on the Olympic canal .
These activities were the most popular and the most expensive too. .
However , I fully recommend it , especially for lorry adventure and young people .
Yet other ideas to have fun.
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance, reading zumba masterclass , yoga , reading , as separate activities , and as social activities, These are liberal grihp , yheatr .
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the Geach , but their success is increasing more and more .
Product recommendation
So finally, I suggest that it would be a great way to combine eight different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If you tried walking the activities , you will have a great time here in Castelldefels .
Hi Jane .
How are you ?
I will be glad to hear from you. .
I am writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will have time to get to Rwus airport right .
Wol , the airport is located just outside Rdus . It is small but it has a list of services and transport. .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than a taxi. .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station. .
Thank you, yet off the bus, you should ask someone for the prign street .
It is near there. .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover, I need a map in order to locate the street. .
This is my address, 4 Spruce Avenue. .
I am planning a one - hour visit. .
I would like to visit museums and monuments and go to flubbing with yk .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. .
Best, Rsgarfs, 2007.
Mary.
Dear Sergio García A. .
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Founder of Education in Ninss , entitled in the 'Best Instituto Profesional Virginio Girlfriend ' .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project Chiquocamata .
In the first place , my qualities as professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use the technologies this research project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve new objectives and to continue with the mindset that your company knows. .
My storm experience is very embarrassing because I had the privilege of belonging to the ' Mnirea El Rdniente' as shift manager Chief of Operations at ' Ninefa Aneina' and at the evaluation department of CODEWOLO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration. .
It would be important to discuss personally, if I am qualified for this position. .
I expect a prompt response from the company. .
Without further aro I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórsz.
Today there are many people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is old thing than my people hear this . Is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , yes, there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in industrial companies , or may have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are job benefits . For example , if you want to teach another, a country is very used to knowing a different language , before using up data undertaken all without complications .
Tinally learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of the other culture .
Today, globalization is bringing the world more color . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures . For example, in literature , literary , films , TV programs , music or other aspects of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language, do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPALINER.
Julip Camarillo.
Mohtsno agenus n'O2.
Post Code 10237237 C.C. C. Cences.
August 1, 23 July 2014.
Dear Siffy Mwdam, 2006.
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week. .
I ordered my battery's model 002545 because my car needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212.
One month ago, I ordered a batterie model 002545 on your online website.
I have a mobile model Nokia 214, which needs battery mode of 00255255.
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge customer because I need my mobile to work every day. .
If I do have a mobile, I will not be able to work. .
To resolve this problem, I would like to receive that batteriee by express post. .
The delivery error has been made by you , so this time it should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not bear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solitaire .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work. .
I hope to remember your sin and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home. .
Yours faithfully .
Julio Camadollo.
His lack of this report is to evalyats both bad effects and good effects on the users' opinions in the Office Leisure Club in the past .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held relatively and effectively and are suitable for different ways .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak radius and its guiders are everywhere ready, give help .
However , we only one thing that we do like.
With the purpose of attracting more people to invest in this pub , besides its good potential , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably, so that they hold the activities to avoid the problems.
There is a diagram introducing the procedures of kakin bamk nhoites .
Design the bank ontes is the first and indispensable step. .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork . Would they have to consider security issues?
Then Akiloed machinine would pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually, there will be 50 b notes per sheet. .
Yye colour will be printed on the boy's suds andewry notes have their unique ink, as the mahes will be slightly tailed .
After that , it comes to the most significant step that is inspecting the quality of the painted shade .
People usually divided her quality into three parts , good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for gold quality sheets, an artificially damaged sheet, but until after 1,000 people will ft them separately and lock them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bz , they would be treated as bc west , which will be secretly distributed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them but even Stepos hesitates people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bang notes for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE!
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago when Alfred Ted Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could e.g. beguter our lives, and he found a solution .
A concerned population.
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned, the oldest people develop llate about the importance of the case of our surroundings . Middle - aged people planned many trees around the village and cldabed the floor of our public place, making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have. .
Easy recycling
Local authorities helped to take the initiative by creating some places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste. .
The results.
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we say one of the clearest values in the addex .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the acres of oyt olanet . Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy evening. .
Hello, Puus Boancxo .
I am writing to you Anojt, the staff recruiymnet for the New Coud ensnration center office .
So we need your help with some questions about the process. .
For your information , we are looking for people with three germs of experience in similar projects who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We also believe that they have specialised studies in cloud technology and hardware management .
However, it is possible that we do not find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience. .
Is it possible to do fine meditation this week? .
Where and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I went from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office so you do not have to move to another place .
Finally, I meet you to prepare your profile that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should hear , and please tell me if you find another different request than I told you before in that e - jaip .
Please provide me with this information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda, 32.
Dear Lul ,
Agat 's up. .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert? .
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience, and I feel that very much .
You probably do not believe me, but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we came together . They're very nice men because of helping them, I knew his best place during the concert . I have their authorials on the newest record I did not have my duties and none of them were unpleasant. .
In general, I had only one doubt . That was checking why , above that , I had to be inleaning fire after the concert. .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event. .
Paying for them was a real pleasure. .
I suppose we will see each other soon, and I will be capable of talking to you about the experience. .
Love .
ominika.
Reproduction
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of this course. I worked in your breach in Madrid last month. .
In addition , I would like to give you a suggestion . I think it would be wise to take it into account for the next course , which will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
There were not only elderly people, but also elderly co - workers. .
Ongoing collaboratively is in fact the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers have really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day. .
This way , we made the most of ourselves and never gave up improving our English voice. .
The first Catholic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course. .
However , in my opinion, there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher' s team .
This way we may be able to hear a native speaker, and I think it will have been worth practicing .
To wrap up the report, just say that , on the whole, the doruse was fantastic, and I am looking forward to signing it again next year. .
Yours faithfully .
Juan Orozco.
I am keen on cinema , thus I love to watch a series of games. .
But what films are in my app lost .
In my opinion , Bollywood is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top ten best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters. .
In addition , I think that his settings are very realistic and the actor had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as a message we'll love you .
It reveals that our feelings across the boundaries of our cultures, if we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohammed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 years old and live in Port - Said Eypg .
I am a student in the third year of the faculty of medicine, Pody - Said University. .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother. .
I have one brother and one sister. .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a list of prizes. .
My hobniex card travels deadin stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amazing information, so I am taking a pot oforses and training in the field, as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of the Order Health Organization ( WHO ). .
It is not just a draw in my mind, but I will work hard to make this dream come true. .
Also, now , I have worked in many places, such as a pharmacy , a restaurant, and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I want to learn when stand . I wish to know more and more. .
In my childhood my dream was to become an engineer, but when I changed my career to medicier I realized that Alpah chose his best for me as my personality .
When I walk anywhere, I feel that I have a sword in my hand so I can do anything for people. .
One of my goals in her life is to invest in an effective drug firm for the incurable like cancer ZIDE and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
And what were the benefits of working in Tibet?
But if you see your work and realize it all , it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything on time . In addition , a little tired can change the rules for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience, which will help, as including me, for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am saying the reference to the post of kov as a camp monitor that is required in use. .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it. .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am an unqualified person for the post. .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of hanging after children from 3 to twelve years old . I convince myself quite often that, in my opinion, they are real qualities highly necessary for this kind of job. .
I am good at working in a team. .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my greatest weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the times. .
I do not think being young will be a problem. .
Instead, I believe it is an advantage. .
Young people usually wear hats - orks and cayive people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum citation with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your expense, convenience. .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work. .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that these models of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today are really hit by our crisis, said in one plan. The idea is an increasing problem of space pollution. .
Carbon based fuels fossil motf are forever .
I would say that most private care is not ' sustainable in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings. .
I know that it is high to demand a theatre of technological people flinting around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is going to happen. .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters and no even cars .
Stastez and pap authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative. .
The price of independent transport wool grew dramatically. .
I think that will change the habits of the public. .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to return again to be on time , the nice old traim will become imploetant again. .
I imagine this structure the first class of this semester starts yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher's teacher, While the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying, partly because of the long vacation . Students will not remember the bowledbe they have learned , partly because, of long vacation, will allow students to have fun instead of studying and, probably because of so difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 minutes a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed on in the following paragraph .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time. .
Mr Exajpel in history class . Religious teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history, of South America, in the beginning of the semester. .
It is greedy , wasting time and not efficient. .
Also to go would be students get used to relaxing by having no study and homework during the long vacation .
Our example is when the semester starts , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , styudenta will recall the joyful time, taste, and instead pay attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having long beaten time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have been doing this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it. .
My father was a professional soccer player, so I think that I inherited this life of soccer .
I played slower in different terms in my neighborhood school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field, I forget all the problems. .
I like to speak with my family partners. .
Together we analyze the right team, as we choose a strategy to play the match. .
Why do I play bad, I feel nervous, but my parents give me their unconditional support. .
This is pricwise .
I know age is very important, so if you practice this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy. .
So if you are renting this art, you have to do it because you really like it. .
If you do not like it, there are many options to doing whatever sports. .
Soccer is not a violent sport, but sometimes it becomes .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally, I advocate that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation, I went to Nea Yor .
I also want to be amazing, Nizgara Figx .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family. .
On September 12th, 2014, I went to New York City. .
In the day I was very happy because I received a lot of food. .
The flight was approximately five hours. Here too , we agree with the beautiful movies. .
When I arrived, my uncle was waiting for me, and I gave him a big hug. .
We went to Long island because there he lives. .
He has a really nice look, and I am happy to see my little cousin, 'Angel ' , who looks just like me. .
In New York, I saw so much I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had her awesome days of going to Niagarw, Falks .
We were in a car and it was about 8 hours long. .
Finally, we arrived at Jiagarj Dalps city , which looks like a ghost place. .
They do not have too much to do, but they wear frals. .
I was ashamed of how huge he'd be, the girls. .
They were incredible, amazing and beautiful. .
I take too many photos because you do not visit places like that every .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My cousin Jena lives in the United States of America, and I was to hug him because I kiss him a lot. .
My cousin Agel was very happy to ask me and me too . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of respect because she felt they do not meet me frequently and many other parts of my family. .
In conclusion, I had a perfect vacation scene . I saw things , visited awesome places like Nizgara Falls and Tikew Squawre , received a lot of presents and, especially, a list of delicious fish .
First attending students to universities are out of the city where they usually live , so , they had accommodation to live through their study years. .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as shelter rooms or dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have a low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently.
Agaring houses or rooms have many advantages, such as being cheap , safe , lose to the university , and learning how to share everything with others , saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be kept than four times a week, having an apartment and because it will be flosed to the University , saving money, and this is more efficient by reducing transportation costs.
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I own one - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He was diryy , speaking loudly to me and did not share the budget of eating living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and stay friendly with all the others without exceeded the privacy of my friends . This matter fell under Jupiter's jurisdiction as the divine defender of good faith. .
That annoys me.
Although the federal government, which is described as a role of the USA, has many benefits, according to reading passage 4, the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The principle of federalism, which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the structure where it may create some conflicts between the stages .
An example of tar is the marriage of homosexual,s where some state this marriage , others do not .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government lets bear some functions independently , it still controls the main devisions .
This case causes some problems, where the lectyrr mentioned the failure of the federal government to do illegal immigration to the USA through Nevada, deser. .
Also, the cost of the federal government is the readout for each of the states and the federal blame lies in the increase in unemployment in some states.
In conclusion , the federal government, which gives freedom and powerful , causes many problems , such as no single pilot and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time. .
I think that every day of a trip is exciting, but also have their frustrating moments. .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico, I would give two important advice . First , try to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead of critic about spice savor .
People say that in every village, people suffer at different moments of the trip, They arrive get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion success as a traveler and arrive home triumphal .
In order to deny a trio to Mexico, I suggest that the traveler find a way to meet alone with his or her companion .
The minimum chance would make a big difference when you visit other cities .
As an example , if you are able to get alone in court, your companion would enjoy a moment of the trio , arrange sad pictures , then together would visit places with common interest, such as mueuems or males .
One advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they for Mexico too. .
Mexican food has a lit of tanging dishes from different states of the country. .
For example , a lot of American people do not like food and most of the time could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice, I would suggest you to ask for wuces with lower pepper .
In this way, visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food worth less less , making the seasoned delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country. .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors coming to my country is not to get alone with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious .
After the Internet was informed and revealed for the first time in August, January, 1969, , the Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced age - to - face communication .
MSLs such as Facebook sent out 700,000 messages and 170,000000 Tweets were publicized on Twitter, reaching 60,000 news. .
The social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general are only likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the beefiness and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved regardless of distance through Facebook at Totter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transferred almost instantly to viewers. .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be honest when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly, , Facebook provides an opportunity to remain in touch with family activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining time swan fewling within the network ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc.) ( Oldkeadw , Quinn , Andy Koppert 2013 ) .
That is to say human behaviour on Facebook is interacted with there by signifying their mood and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continual and , moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members and and showing the same interests through the social network .
( Emerald Grove Publishing 213) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they hang above through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very dark activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed or less in general may have less personal privacy and so there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly, Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and racist comments .
Last of all , people canostr as recruiting columns which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the big actresses was performed by Black peraob ( Rauch and Scjanz 2013 ). .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it is open to many problems, unresolved with cycper - bullying , cycle - badging , cells - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams and Mdrtwn 2008 ). .
For example, , Krishna et al. (2013) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman by a man called Mr. .
He's admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking, harassment, , trespassing, and telephone harassment (2005, pp. 622.
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace fax to force communication, may improve their functions because people feel more free or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to buzz each other' s acquaintances .
Therefore , it would be foolish to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second rather than having to call them .
Possibly other might be the most time people spend on SMS . They always communicate with sills that they face .
In addition to defending the risk of negative comments or posys , Cacevook said Twitter would improve their features to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the importance of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding using them most of the time. .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and WhatsApp is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
As well, people can easily reduce their negative mood by shading in expressing how they feel. .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been affected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express offensive words, each other because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone.
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc. .
Photographs are included in all of those skteas .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life because it is the heart's way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new colleague's project.
This practice is considered to hold activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation. .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a product should be considered as learning to draw .
The skull is required in today' s world, but it needs to be developed in the education system at the same level. .
The reasons.
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generationa life (teenagers in minds ). .
This increase is elated by the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellohones , wtd .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires free knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today! .
What a wonderful day to say! There is an awful law, and the final warning came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March 2020.
The first spring bird is back from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build their nests .
People look happy. .
They are sleeping together after a long, sunny winter. .
We see our clock forecast be hours in March 2020.
The summerime was first introduced in England in 1908.
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter. .
We usually set our clock clock an hour in October 2020.
A lot of people are happy because they can sleep (3 to 4) hours more. .
Hofke was a lifestyle lifestyle .
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit. .
What do you think of whenever you do a sport ?
I think that our lifestyle will improve. .
Well, you are mistaken. .
For doing different kinds of solorts, you need to be skilled or willing to the jew rhingz .
What if you do not have none of these requirements ?
Ten ou kla hockey is the answer .
Hickey is a story I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite. .
It is a good way of learning, how to communicate and work with people in simple words .
It is a team sport. .
However, it is not always as simple as it sounded. .
He has to train five days a week if he needs to concentrate a lot. .
On the other hand, I enjoy every second of it. .
Through all my life, I have been willing to improve in this split, and since 2010 it has become an aige wheel to me. .
How would I recommend this to you?
It would definitely help me to grow and improve as a person. .
Hocksy will change the way you view the world, and you are going to stay inside it with your eyes .
So, stop searching for the right slot , this one is for you !
As far as I am concerned , public transportation is the best transport medium for environmental care .
However , some people make enough money to buy their own car . Electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( his homes who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with. .
Environmental care is taking strength every day from kids to old people .
RHS government at many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social conscience. .
If people do not pay for physical transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car if that will probably take place when their depreciation is valid from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down fees on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada Cry Council , people are well informed about the environment .
The city council has developed several measures to improve the awareness of air , for example by children left at school, due to separating waste .
There are many ecological islands .
School of film had three or four kinds of bins and bodies half as far away as two hundred meters. .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side. .
Nevertheless, it is not enough because the owners have most of the blame .
Since 2008, there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to drive by car and they will meet less air pollution. .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is stacked up every other day. .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children. .
But the planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over this problem. .
A problem which is caused by us human beings with their goal of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of Rhus' problem , so we make any effort to solve it. .
We usually miss public transport , which has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly, but it is always on time as the true price is .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the money we want to recycl. .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to cycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment. .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bugs or others .
She is brave enough to wear such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It says that these kinds of things can be a world kick .
As soon as the last eived ends, this southerner of Egyot is used .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years. .
As historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
As as for me , I totally support this point of view. .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization, from the huge desert Wahwa .
All the time, the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians. .
Furthermore, the elevation of your water level on one river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding our areas of fertile land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off by the red soil of the desert .
Nowadaya , the deep and wide valley of the Nile , becomes the most important transport pine or gytp .
Throughout the centuries, people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to year or year period. .
They know when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stack up in such a clean way. .
It's such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization, the negative side as well as the positive .
A great number of dams were built on its river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals. .
Anysxy a lot of Eptians still live far from the main water arters of the country and hard work find the clea war to rinkl .
But I hope as soon as Egypt becomes developing, the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that are highly novel .
When most people talk about an important historical alliance in Italy , they think of the Duomo in Milan .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you all agree that it 's the Folosseum' .
For centuries, this building was neden as a symbol of this city. .
It is quite ancient but still fascinating for the thousands of tourists who come every day .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who was a Roman emperor. .
It was used for slaves with animals or humans who were killed without pity .
Loreoger hafy wat were represented in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it. .
In my opinion, it is important because it remembers our past and old traditions which we should not forget .
However, not all people are aware of it. .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond, I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That is why it is important, as it majes us understand, to never give up and follow our dreams. .
In this twist, moving world transport has become an important focus for everyday activities. .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living. .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can afford it. .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transit. .
Firstly, to discuss the benefits of public transport, It is cheap and affordable for all the needs of people .
A variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people' financial conditions. .
Win public transport is a time waste and no pitch are sold of the disadvantages. .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages. .
Everybody can't afford to travel by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits some can enjoy in privacy during travel and it is convenient.
And sophisticated and can travel fast .
To be up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages. .
Sometimes I think that Tippdk is too crowded. .
There is no denying that the MRT in this country is such a convenient metropolitam system. .
However , during the rush hour there are always a dim person who is no longer aware at all. .
They occupy many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do not respect the passengers , but keep laughing and teaching each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Nor, moreover , do I think that providing seats for the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats and preserved to those who need them , not only the elderly but also some adults need it. .
Somehow , not all of them can identify whether they feel uncomfortable merely because of their appearance , which led to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people won't blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seat. .
Moreover , Spke led people to take this comedic acting for granted, so they would even command young adults or students to offer their seats without lanners .
In my opinion , transportation in our city has nothing to criticize, suspect that .
Every man should develop the awareness of public knowledge .
Telisiom is an important part of the Old dulture. .
We depend on television for entertainment education , news and films.
TV blitz, Lych Henefits, plus.
Firstly, it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others. .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose wake was adapted for their programs. .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children' s socialization and learning skills. .
Methods current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people. .
Documentaries can help develop civil thinking about society and the world. .
TV can help introduce fans to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Culturally, programming can open up the world of music and art for young people. .
But television also has negative effects, . First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television do less exercise .
In addition , these children receive pesa socialization with other children .
Television akeo toss zwah from fanily tomr .
This is also true of gamilise we eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank in the maxx - market and small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers of acquisition to arise until the realization of contracts building on maintaining relationships later - said with the aim of customer satisfaction.
I also worked with large and small teams in badkl - offices , managed many administrative activities related to managing personal loans , contability and investments too. .
I worked for several years to pay for the acquisition of new customers to provide tank wiru a complete service from the account to enhance products investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , as cross - selling products .
In many years of work, I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
in - standard situations , analyzing the problem and finding an implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural society .
I am careful to meet the goals of a team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view to the fitting ways to deal .
I work for a large company and 25 teachers . What is the time to change and find new job opportunities?
need to work my subsand has been living in Zaaandam . I sent to find a new job in Holland to join our family .
I liked sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I also got the rescue licence I wire as a lifeguard in our summer study and dropped her patent padi dige mastee.
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can save the world .
When we need all these cars in our yards when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one says we will have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do not do it one day , we will wake up in the immortal tragic ham .
This situation is likely proof of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this sphere. .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe robots will be able to drive in the mode smart then people .
If they contact each other and update Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads. .
So people will be able to avoid relief .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But another of my colleagues thinks that it is not a bad idea because they will be able to drive in spite of the fact that the car drives at the moment .
However , where will there always be people who disclose to be forever anyway? .
And people who hate public transport will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world and , finally , what will decide ?
What language does he speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language? .
Or do you want to be a polggot ?
Today, it is much more important to learn a foreign language than before. .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to keep a firelight language today. .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip more easy and comfortable. .
Second , of finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing on the international level if you speak a foreign language . Certainly , it adds some value to our profile, and you can hear a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do not only learn a language , at the time you are also getting to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years there have been more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure our staff our environment is changing severely. .
Many scientists believe that people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' treery .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life . Our budget to protect and replenish the Earth at the same time. .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings. .
Various trajectories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be a .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter. .
The longer the temperature increases , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world could not put more emphasis on our livelihood , we would have a dark and hopeful future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so poor that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supplies people' bodies will become weak and rout. .
In this living situation , instead of laughing and joy , there will be more faith , bared by sadness .
Everyone lives in despair . You can only find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by the humane ' unjustified heart' .
Friends , front bow , let us be the symbols to protect and take care of our Earth. .
It is rangerolus , but I knew I had to do it .
The unecovered work is very hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people and real dangerous is if you get discovered .
Gen people know that they were deceived that through truth, where broken hewda will roll .
You have to be precise , first , and a dealky goof actor .
The passion for the cause is for us to survive. .
It is something that I had to do not you , just hear me .
I did not choose her , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje, or Madamme .
I would like to apply for the position of both ligebuard assistance, which I was desvertised. .
For the past 10 years, I have honed the swimming group at the University. .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad. .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand, I completed the first aid course in the Food Cross .
His job would offer me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained . What is more, it would provide me with new knowledge. .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should receive further information. .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Ykjr's faithfully. .
Sebastián Hernández.
In our modern work , many people suffer from stress because of life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces, Do they want to leave of this condition in the holidays?
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to render to savouril and revive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people can gain from divine problen and also can get more ties with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking along the seaside or swimming in the water can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly, their experience of life .
People can review their decisions on holiday most most helpful .
For instance , in stresafyl piofe conditions, people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besiode people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
One reason is that people must complement their tasks in order to gain more money to make their lives and they get about these emotional feelings, such as love , helping people or thinking about spiritual things. .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings. .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen or for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray for God and it gives relief to people. .
When people remember the emotional of spiritual subjects, they can become more happy because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people try to review their mistakes . That leads to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also, holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit of the soul, because people have a chance to live a modern life that is full of material subjecra .
Cycling to school to work or to do any other activity, is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valemcia are giving their best to promote that movement, because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycpin .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution as well as lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues, such as the increase in danger on the roads .
Statistically, cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by VAF .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing or having to keep drinking way hot earlier .
In my opinion , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to add the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by bus is much more convenient than by public transport. .
For example , people making cars do not need to spend hours walking on roads or on the subway .
And this undesirable like might be so short during holidays due to press frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a caf to a place where the public transport terminals are not able to reach .
When the road is crowded we have to stand , making us very exhausting, especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
But public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving people .
Second , bulk transport zaves city spaces .
As more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities have become large and more crowded. .
Consequently , the space for each photon becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a case and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling distance , I suppose that our streets would become car parks and everyone could spend more time cleaning .
Last b, not level , public transport allows people to do other things, which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense sirti .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complex relay .
Oelepple can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages, to public transport , it does not mind that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. 5.2 offers less flexibility than a car , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles. .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace either .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit them .
Languages for the future
Shohkd leah other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes, as people need to develop their skills and overcome. .
I think there are many reasons to lead languages. .
On the one hand, it could allow you to communicate with people who know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
In recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian jazz has become something essential and very important , in my view , to finding a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course. .
Also, I consider that it ends up up hard and takes tile away from dinner, not other things. .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future, but to achieve it they will manage to be monitored and to enjoy learning .
Rria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos 25 - 30 - 30 2014.
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to an advertisement for a job .
I had a part - rim job as babby -itte and I take care of my 11 year - old brother very often. .
I worked in an Eastet camp tank, when I had already prepared a lot of activities , like my rappel , paibtalk .
That is for these reasons I think I had the skills for the jib .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address. .
I hope you consider me for the job Rodrigo.
Today I went to my Winnie 's home in Adriana in the afternoon .
We are delighted to play, interesting games, software. .
We had a great time. .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnei 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almost and His High World .
After thirty minutes we had TDAQ .
Wimnoe loves eating very much , so I can easily find food at her home. .
We had mouth- watering steawberry juice as juicy apple juices of tea as they were extremely yummy. .
After having tea , we may hide - and - see altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a bench as Winbie pooped for us. .
Suddenly , Qinie fell over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and blew her up. . .
Your knee is bleeding. .
Are you okay?'I asked. .
I have been been pukes a year, my heart was pounding . I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.' He says I am fine ' , Winnies replied .
I felt relieved then. .
Gadn Adriana found a poster and put it on Winnie 's wound. .
Winnie felt warm imsode and smuped halpipy .
I feel glad today, although Winnwin hurt herself. .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day! .
In my opinion, the outcome in the future will be better. .
My hope for this future will be bub d brigth .
Inzide still full of conveniences. .
Both species will be divided into a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , leading kitchen zones, and so on .
In the goodise of the future, there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light inedy house. .
television will be cordless in this as the present Internet .
Every house will be flexible. .
Thanks to that, it can pand or double .
Everything depends on the number of people. .
Swimming is my favourite sport. .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport, so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's effort , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age, but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age. .
Swimming has different speeds : dolouin , crawl , backstroke, and burst stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for azthmativ patients, because it strengthens the crust muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections. .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of hour gaw .
Hdllo, Paul, 2006.
I snapped helping at his concert which was in Antasya on October 14, 2020.
I had a great time with people who were looking as helpers of the content. .
I got a lot of experience from them. .
In the concert, people can enjoy it , but Bob Floyd them about how they were preparing for the concert. .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time. .
For example, they know everything about each helper' s jobs, but at the same time , the jobs concern Wang products. .
I fear, explain to you, whom interstung part of my expedience .
In the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the client and we decided to do it, Thank you, the concert just did its job, which would be chosen .
When we were arranging concert play, we made work sharing for all of us. .
Some of them started designing the stage , some by checking song volume and blues .
My job was singing songs with which singers would perform. .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers. .
They always wanted to change some songs, which were on the list .
At the concert time, I was really worried that something would appear suddenly. .
Actually, everybody can be worried because they put time and effort into it. .
The Vinall concert started and also the lights were shining like stars. .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the vonceft frinihed, I kept like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course, I had pain in my legs because all year I was standing. .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to know the next concert, which will be next . If you have any time, please come and see how we are preparing for the concert. .
I am waiting for your email. .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways. And how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertisers , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisements .
From lack - or - shiet beds posted in public place, we have moved to oractically living surrounded by outdoor wards placed in very available imaginable spot .
Frank buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I am sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for erstauramts in Jallirca on my computer or maybe at home on my way to work the ideas on the buses , I will see - which , of course , will be screened and nor leinted sooner - will show images of Mallorcx , or an add from trafficvisor with Mallorcca in it .
It will shift me some , and it can even be set up , but I am also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels, aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my clothes and find it full of bright screens no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures on display are .
It might be considered an at , or at least sole pieces are real artists . They are placed in the wrong spot or some at the wrong time , they lose the artistic side .
But technology is harder for bex or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it as best we can .
If I could change things in my life , I would like to change my journey .
I would like to have a njg detached homes in sububs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So that I could live more freely and independently. .
If I had a house , I would decorate it in the modern style .
I would build a fitness gym , aardrobe -room , a swimming pool .
If I had such a hobby , I would like to seize a harbecur area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives. .
Together we would spend time in a pleasant atmosphere. .
When it comes to my favorite port tenks will always be my answer .
Though I am a novice , I think it is interesting, since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always lay tenna to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first. .
As the proverb goes, 'If you want to learn something well , you will never need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of bread sjilla , if you do not learn the important texaniocal slowly and steadily , gou mzu gsy hutt during the practitioner .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis. .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough chopsticks on the screen? .
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the game easily ?
That was only 30 years ago. .
An explosion of tunnels carried us to our homes in the eighties. .
In this report, we still see some characteristics of today' s TV .
The number of Cahnneld is now gradually reducing.
In our country, one decade ago, when digital TV arrived , a log of new channels finished .
All TV third to get several licences to distribute their show. .
In order to resolve some deficits, burgets yodsy gherd are mainly tied to TV groups .
Less channels transmit less choves. .
Internet TV is infrastructure
It costs less money and you can choose exactly one moment where a kid will watch this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You must click on it .
He has to reduce their budget.
Despite changing channels, we see the same bills. .
Bgi Broadcast griips are tossed by the wind .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameras all around the world. .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Saturday.
TV is dying. .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays, only national or international forces can be in the match. .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit? .
However, the fact is that there is a countdown on them. .
Dear Mrs Hookins,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express my interest.
To join your skal group on a grip around the wheels .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland, speaking German , French, Swiss and I am keen on traveling .
With several trips to many countries, I had no idea until bkw . I would say that I have already seen experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries, and I would like to explore new countries around the world. .
For a few years I have been in a scut group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the illness .
Furthermore, I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure. .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from you. .
Basically, my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean not only the English language, but also to know more about your culture and visit niche places in your country as well. .
As I told you before, I can not afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will save up some money to help me .
But I won't find a job to help him with the bills. .
Can you give me a mind on it? .
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I will study English for 5 months. .
Thanks for all the help and I look forward to hearing from you. .
Best wife.
Joaquin Matos.
Hi Jokh .
I am looking forward to seeing you. .
First of all , you should better outline the airpory transformal .
There you talk, see vuz ztatkons on the stage. .
We'll help you get there, Take the bus, which has number 111.
Then, fly to the stop-up , Zličín's .
There you can fly to the underground sration and travel to the features of Prague .
If you choose this way , I will call you in the morning to tell you where all we are meet .
But if I were you, I would take a taxi off the underground . It is quite boring , but it is cheaper. .
Anyway , you need to get to the center . I'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That is why you do not have to take warm clothing. .
I am delighted to see you soon. .
Besdf writes .
Jacog.
In my opinion, we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment or do work between this breed. .
Firstly , we can describe the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of food, while they are studying at university because they do not eat, try to eat food , for these reasons. I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - like food and a good idea is for kids. Courses were named pottes , a parade vegetables, and for dessert. apple pie. .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture, Maybe we will try a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant, with a lot of windows with a white chair , table and wall or, or, less, a relaxed environment, buy apartments , which is very important for dinner, and I think that we mugve this because we wiko navr a good night, or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food, or atmosphere is very good for us because normally we'd speak about books , work and studies , while with this rule of environment, we can speak about us , our family, , our neighbors and all people get to know how something about oyherd meats .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I live in his uwre and I think my classmates also .
You can find it the worst burgers you have ever eaten. .
They are incredibly delicious. .
I do not know how how they make and cook them. .
These burgers are my favourite food because they look amazing. .
I can not say how they express, themselves . You have to taste them .
It is a favour similar to staying in a hotel or in paradise. .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and how definitely you've with a very good flavour in your mouth and a high smile on your face. .
You will start to come another time. .
However , if you do not like burgers, you can eat whatever you eat of American food, and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person, who has dated another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives. .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains as tourists from work , meeting relatives , to school etc. .
Many remove uwe cfs. .
Though travelling by act is made convenient but it is expensive .
That is why, because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can be a lot of money in the following ways, why?
1 People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2
As they have specific routes across the country , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside big cities etc. .
I disagree with the statement states abroad because in the future we are likely to hear only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middel class is disappearing and becoming scarce dead by Aug. 20.
It is because of high taxes on yolds. .
So I believe we will have public transport or people will be young to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is seen as good for our environment rather than air. .
Nowadays, people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioks are more interesting than the film versions. .
That is not the point of view. .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
First , training helps to bevoje a well educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That is why, while you are reading up, you get a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening, appears in your mind .
Yoi vab imagines how heroes look like yoj caj omagone different views of where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it is very important that you can easily see your kok with your heart anytime you want .
On your methods and , if you are in company, the thing for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friend. .
Also, my puddle Cohoe lives because you liked sounddracks and seciak waffers. .
It is so exciting. .
But all these factors are not important to me. .
I suppose that books are more to films .
To sum up , I 'd like to say deadint is really feat thing.' .
A girl was walking down one day. .
She was sick, her mum .
She was just a young, beautiful girl. .
So they were going home when the girl noticed aure doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a biker dress , gloves and black shoes. .
Just like her ... ''Muk, I love my doll! I couldn't take it from me '' she said. .
My mum could not deny her , so she bought it .
Oh! The girl had so many special moments wirrr dlol, awesome! They looked so adorable together! She was like twins. .
After some years, the girl decided that she had to move. .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath, pulled out her doll from the attic, just like her childhood memories. .
At night, he heard some creepy noises from there ...
She was there, and there was the doll with a knife in her hand, ''Nell , why are you not playing with me anymore? Are you bored of me? Just because I have only one eye? But you moved me the other way. .
Just because I do not have one if my gloves, but you did it again,'' she screamed. .
And then ... .
Nexf dxh , went to his home, he wanted to find his daughter. .
So she went to importers .
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was the sentence ''Auy sic guo leave me that way. .
Tennis is an individual sport. .
But you have to deal with the game. .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and a person who pays with money .
Althogu, you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose .
This report is not just about a physical powder .
You need to use your hair as well. .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and national power .
Like the other sports , tennis is getting faster and more commercial .
I mean professional tendencies. .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory. .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents. .
It is not fair enough. .
Chile should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps their physical health and so on. .
You can start if you are grown up anyway. .
It is never too late. .
Either you can find a professional coax, or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Ar Mns Kate Ashby, 32.
My baby is Adefa Cocci . I am sixteen and I saw the advertisement for her werkd sodk in your case and I am interested in working with you .
I 'm a great choice for the job . In fact , I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and the food field is everything .
In Italy , I attended school for water and cooking and sometimes I cooked lsabna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I'm also good at dealing with people . In fact, since I was younger I have been the animator at this summer camp in Alpignano , the city where I lived and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked in many theater companies, and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do not know them .
In the end , I am also prepared to work long hours when I worked with my aunt in his face . I worked to eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m.' It was difficult, but I did it all day. .
I look forward to hearing from home soon. .
Andrea Cocci.
Easay
In today' s essay, I am going to focus on the pros and cons of tudyiny Engliw abrokad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English? .
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process. .
Talking to English mativist speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Bejdes , it can be fun or enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it, and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all, so it would be easy to become a real nightmare if you did not focus on your learning tsaka .
From my point of view, I think the advantages are overcome by disadvantages, especially if you have no money sacer of it. .
But if you do httpst. , there is always a solution, which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can begin to tweet mature speakers by using some Chat Eoims online , such as Skiep and others .
Football is a passion.
When I was little, I tried a bunch of sports : handball , Swiking , Teniw , but my favourite sport is both of those . It is a sport that I have used imitated football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was fit men , not for girls , but if I tried it I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football? .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to intimidate me when they played and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now some women and I have started to organize paper machines so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but how can it become part of my life? .
I think football is a very exciting sport and that everybody in the world should get it , at least included in his or her life. .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant, which is in the shipping center. .
I have been there twice and I picked it .
Its ham is ' The English oven ' , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British flavor .
The service is excellent, and the waires are so pleasant and gentle. .
The interior is big , so all town class could stay inside without problems. .
The dedcotation is modern and fozy , and it 's very great traditional British obnets .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh. .
They've got a lot of different didhes traditional and medieval .
They have also taught us a lot of different types of salads , tempura and pizzas .
The designs are very good too. .
They have got original omse , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
Tyree is a big variety of five creams .
His restraint is not too expensive , which is perfect for us because we do not want to spend too much money .
One restaurant is in fuel shopping center , so we can get ger trees by bus or by train .
I think it is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we would book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually get lost there .
Sharing the whole life , famous people , such as political and film stars , medium accompanying them .
In my view , the public people edsertve to manage their own lives without photographing them .
In some , becoming a public person is associated with journalist masks - media flashes .
Amazon's people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way. .
However , , being ordinary people , they may make mistakes .
People thought they were Jaeloua .
Note song kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely critical and they have defective influence on society, which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentart. .
On the other hand, many stars would their prices to exist in Jordan and more money .
The value of their talent abulities are counted in the number of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all throughout the world , there are living famous people, who do not bring into the limelight .
It was very useful a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays there are some people who ask if public transport was suppressed and society would save a pit of money .
However , people do not think about the large disadvantages such as, for example, people saving money, but being comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place, and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired, but besides , if you have a car , you have to pay auto's taxes .
In addition , these people tend to boast about public transport or travelling around the country in the city .
Secondly , another idea is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one report. .
Finally , one last reason is comfort . Because you have a car, it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides, in some cities , fra can not be painted in some places , such as in the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high risk of having a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my chef is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world. .
Today 's new things become thousands of past in a few months' .
Take an example of mobile technology your past has it with latest configurations becomes outdated, except a few months after buying it .
50 years is a dry, long time, and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period. .
However , their important point to discuss, whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years, science and technology have taken great leaps . The Internet and mobile phones have made us more connected .
Today we have all the information at finger - rips .
Today we do not need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We do not create English words today as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting new people or selling our products you do not need to face anyone . Everything can be managed through a virtual platform. .
Today , life has become much more comfortable than last thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand, a number of terrorism , global warming and greed become real challenges of today' s world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and then .
Terrorsit activities cause havoc in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders. .
If these challenges are more addressed in coming years , imagining better lives of people in 50 years, will be difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . If there is the right chance , it would be a boon for us in the wrong hands . It has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
To who may concern .
I am an Italian girl who is studying to improve her English . I have got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website, and I immediately thought, 'What about me ? I am the right person for this kind of job !n' .
Perhaps you're wondering if I shall be this ribhr person .
Rha 's slogan said .
I am a motivated , friendly and open person, and I have a lot of experience in this field as well. .
I have worked as a spicap trauner and as an educator since I was 16.
I love doing social activities and planning events. .
When I worked as an educator , I had to plan and manage some projects and outdoor activities .
I have very gerar memories of these experiences and I would really like to give them again. .
If you were tested , please take a look at my CV .
As you requested , I put it to Tin Mal .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life. .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how far away they are. .
The same about my parents, namely they are old, and sometimes they call me or talk about their health. .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that they think it leaves children' s brains to develop , but it is important to control them because there are a lot of violent games .
However, there are brilliant games for children. .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other years to speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological developments may help us improve in the future .
Friends should be like a shadow, always beside you. .
In his taste of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in lies , but by doubty it is not easy to send sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one. .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make French .
The more people you need, the easier it will become for you to find a friend. .
When you find onepend tijmke with TBDM , sqre views , odeas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you set, but they should share their views about it. .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news. .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business, wind, money , sports , culture , education , late and style , travel , the weather, and the environment .
There were plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals. .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
They saw a complexity of the English language which avoids loan language .
As detailed , it is suitable for students who pair English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language where there were also a huge number of commercials, advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern, progressive world where people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need table computers instead of books.
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes, when I am watching TV or I am reading newspapers, I notice smart gadgets are very useful for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our lives easier .
Also, it makes us more clever. .
I am convinced that using table numbers in our everyday life is rather poor. .
People do not seem to carry a lot of books in a bag. . A Pupil could not say that he's a book because he has all his books in his ready queue.
Some people think that it is a new idea. .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation. .
These people are sure that electronic things make us stupid. .
They insist on not using tablets at school. .
Personally, , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tables are useless. .
We should lose it, but we must must not forget about schools. .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should be west of new technologies and try to make our lives safer.
It was a big mistake.
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong even when we told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well by 2020.
At the moment, when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was math for him. .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her. .
He tried to understand what was going on with him. .
It was weird, his lay questions and doubts came up on his head. .
One pattr of jkm was happy because being a mother was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand, he could not handle this news. .
This woman who stands next to him is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and happy her and celebrate this good news. .
But how did he feed anything?
All that he fell into infancy. .
He could not handle the feewling when he tried to touch him on his nc bg gil .
He knew that he loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just so wrong at that moment. .
Her pictures were free, simple and even bold , both were erling on this moment .
She couldn't understand what was going on' , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about misses and family, as he said, that he would like to have kids with them .
And now he just avoided her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess. .
Sew was more than happy and he could not handle the news. .
They both knew at the low raxh ohed, and they made each other . It is for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be gone. .
Mlifhael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. .
To the beginning, I am going to talk about what is my favorite sport and why I will enjoy the sport. .
In fact , I do not like to do some sepoets during the time , but if I really need to do some exercise then I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clean .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take, shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do hot walks in the sun and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is not dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during my summer .
I do not know how to swim, but it is my favorite sport in my whole life. .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sport that we should do complete exercises, That is because we need to relax our bodies' interests if we do not do it, that we will get dangerous, where we are dog in any sport .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports, but we need to choose one kind of sphere in use, now and almost all people need to do it as we would jog at home or working all the time. .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life. .
In the third place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cacerz is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions, such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer 2020.
As a result , if water red sources are difficult to preserved, then it is scarcely necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people' s awareness about the importance of a rational sense of it .
The local government is also taking strong action to create green areas in different places in or around the towns where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or technology areas. .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system with the active cooperation of some of the citizenship who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In France , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to start and recycle their rubbish, taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
Since that is the native point , these depths are still visible in tow, and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ice. .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes and the ones that do it will be rewarded with a bonus point, but anyways, this is not important information .
I searched carefully in the hoide, and there was no one in this home , just me .
I got a bit scarfed, so I searched outside in the streets. .
I did not know that a bomb bomb in the city had killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did not know about your explosion is because this party where I live is a very poor area and it is not that beautiful, so you can not distinguish the workers' when the explosion hits .
Finally, in some days I found my neighbors with some food . I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives about law , but it was a total conflict because the group noticed that some good was missing somehow. .
I think that someone drays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping. .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws. .
The next morning , I ate a piece of tea and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and save us. .
In the night, I was thinking about many things, just when I heard some noise .
I stalked him and it seemed that the vu had a jumo .
I stomp him and when he turned around, it was a moment from the group. .
We were talking about this when a dog came near 2nd, It was adorable just when he converted into a big working creature. .
He bg my dg . It hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others, but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating old friends and the food .
In some ways , she ribbed the food in the bright and I quaks up, It was good for my survival. .
But if I was given the opportunity to reverse the trend of w am I going, I would not do it because I have to take all of them. .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF Your HELAPTY.
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you gain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Medzco , desa, don't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 when Mexico is the country, the most dense in the world? .
Coining exercise, is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While exercising you feel elp with your welfare and you are your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise, like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , people who are sick , and also you can make kind of friends while doing any exercise. .
Nowadays , there's a lot of different types of exercising cab, doing any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYN or practice Crossfire or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends . You can stay quiet but you also have good skills because it is only easy to control the ball and dribble up your legs on the fly. .
I recommend you to practise any sort, you puke and enjoy every second you spend exercising. .
Thanks and Scott now you do not regret it .
Is there any furs to public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disappear about free public transport, which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travelling .
This composition will explain this its different opinions. .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unpile public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more freight and speed .
There is a perception that a form gives life to the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication ' Youny pepple and transport court ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy exolain - I prefer going in the cat , it 's quicker' .
There are not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well as hear it.
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they were also negative, kned .
Indeed , cars increase fuel pollution , you have traffic congestion and it is very expensive , plus - on my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
When just owning a car and looking at golur car , insurance rax , dc .
Obviously, it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do not work in Edinburgh .
» Day at 17-22 22 years old .
No, , only travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do not pay any fee on public transport , but also it is easier .
According to The Sun Times, 20,000 a year faffive accidents occur in private cars. .
The main reason is that the cars' owners were drunk when driving. .
It is clear that if they got a bus or a taxi when they were crazy , there would not be as many accidents. .
Finally , many deeper countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system so the traffic can decreased .
As a result , age donomy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very impodtang .
Topic Types.
Do you agree or disagree? Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship. .
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion. .
Even though being faithful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is not a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or this employer. .
It is better to test a little white peje at the moment. .
To further illustrate the first point , call out one 's fewlungs by telling the truth at all times .
For example , if some someone you are acquainted, wearing inappropriate clothes does not fit the occasion .
People usually tend to not to tell the truth, since it would make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , Ms. Paiss said, with better things on mind .
In that case , they could simply make conversion without boiling his medium .
The other point is, when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since, more of the time, it is strange and inappropriate to take oneself to mud to people at work or even people that come just not acquired .
If there are questions about things, one does not want other people to know , Ygey mibut day , a little white kir which usually does not matter so much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer the people from inside details, but it by sure that I just had some errands to run. .
These are the poles of time on falling the trutb or pt. .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the law suddenly , Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake. .
Here to this we're boys called to meet the hero .
I could not understand how we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had disclosed the error .
The door was not broken into pieces or fallen down. .
My cueiosify had put me in a lot of trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a low way, and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted. .
However , things do not have opened kikr wba I holdrd .
I ended up getting expelled from school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Michasp and I was stealing our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet. .
I could not imagine how teachers and friends also pointed at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to develop it. .
I finally realised that everything was a trap, and we were one unlikely innocent ones, as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our tears and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although one day later, the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know, even if we went naked that similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset. .
Despite the USA's summer fans, .
My name is Biabca Padocsi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for tuiz jogging because , first I see flued and lead English, which is very important to communicate .
SK I have a good relationship with little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and spend time with me . Moreover, I am very energetic . I was eager to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative when it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like makijgb puzzles or games which play while jumping which are important for kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking, but because I never have time to dedicate it to that. .
I think that if I watch if I learn here , I would learn very fast and can eliminate it. .
That is a good quality of nature . I learn this very fast, and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you deploy soon. .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter, We built and written a wall near to the shelter's safe zone and if there was someone that needed help, he would find some supplies and could survive. .
We stayed on a journey and ogimg in the forest . There was a lot of wild pastx on our side, there were various yuyx that were sick . We could not do anything except for kewp gling . I was seeing my little group to avoid dimimksh, and some of us were very allergic to some plants I was the only one that has no problem with all the other stiff people had problems with. .
I thought that my favourite genes were actually immune to the infection. I would actually be a gangster revolutionary if that helps everyone the least in my quest, and I would really positive about it, but I think I would not actually sacrifice myself, I have to think about it. What about in terms of simply giving more money? The decisions taken at the Spring European Council for an integrated energy and climate protection policy are groundbreaking.
We need to find the ones that are still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The battle against hunger started, Everyone was hungry, and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that would lead us to going to things red or eating away by a walker, so we needed to find something that said a food nutritional based gold where we could lay with no problem, rather, be ok .
We found a luarmacy and a restroom where we could get a refund and take a shower to clean ourselves. .
We went close to food pharmacy, There were no walkers inside, so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the door,s so I asked someone to check us. In the night, I needed some rest and went to bed, immediately, .
In my area there are many railway lines and they are often overcrowded. .
But private traffic in those two is yet more present as the resort at Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home there are many supermarkets which you can easily buy, also where you used to live .
When you have to pay the telephone, or energy bills , you can do that in nat . Tobacco is not needed in your homes. .
If you're shopping in the periphery of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold a majority of items of this main great overview of Europe and above .
Like all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted amongst the health area and each building .
At the end , the taxi driver is present and they cover all the town . This service is less organized and developed than the English .
There is an opinion thatamous people , such as celebrities , stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a private image and deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind, there should be a board between paparaszi work in the privacy of family members .
In my opinion, big sports should be able to relax and take some private time. .
As far as I am concerned, there is no one who feels comfortable when there is unduly surveillances of people waiting to take pictures, which shows them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of Celb 's ' wori ' , so they have to take it into account .
Huy, on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journeys following the lag in time .
These rare cragsmen of life without the eye of a camera should have an opportunity to live look normal , not famous people .
I know catching a celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news to people who read tbalodis .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are normal people, as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts.
So , as you can see, I agree with the statement that people who are recognizable desire to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
The MxE Runner.
I recently watched this new film, based on news of the books of this world - known author. .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a title .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery, which made me tell his decision to watch this film. .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year-old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a camp and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there. .
However , he soon reveals that this is not a nokal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious nokala .
The people who live in the camp tie up different cells in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze. .
He took the reoke of a lantern and the people responsible for exploring the maas andoo for an exit from this place .
Still , they only had daylight time to explore the maze as when the sun moves down, it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it naving it, devoting moments when their characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a burst of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story, which will leave no one indifferent. .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many years . What I love about it is , first of all , that tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they are determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it is quick, as if you bonk or probably jissed something . Each contact happens in less than a second and still every player intercepts the location of the ball in that amount of time and then fires as fast intensity if you haven't seen a take go until 32-30 30 30 and see the energy on your floor, or hear the noise from the crowd you are midxing out. .
Personally, winning such a set makes me feel like I would do anything , but when I do not , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump, hiyhsr , hit, hae , pass and set, get , and get in more didfereny ways .
I voted in Mea Eltham. .
My area is very clean, grey and green .
Pelle, there are very friendly and helpful. .
It is a good place to live. .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbery acts taken .
Of course, garbage is sorted into different binhs .
This is a very good idea because rubbish undergirds recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage. .
Very body care about cleanlines in the front of the house and in the garden. .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and leaaant colours. .
We Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax in a busy place. .
Green time in my town is really fantastic. .
I have recently eaten at Black Be Be Be eesraurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecwtagni , a little town in Catania located under the town town volcan slopes and I found that restaurant easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms : a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings were dustic , yet it still felt dry and cloudy and the waiters were pretty friendly and informative .
As I was eating wig, my friend Morsmo and his friend I managed to simple a good range of items on the menu, and I really liked Cajianina beef . It was very yasty. .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality. .
The price was not reasonable at 50, because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive. .
But I would rightly recommend this restaurant, despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners. .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy. .
They have been present in our society since 1975.
Cannabis , heroon , Spees are some examples of substances that are really well - known for sake of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excousiom .
Margination is a link with the legality of this activity. .
Also, this illegality is the gift for the attraction of the drug because the majority of people that have drugs, because they are young, of its prohibition, is very stimulating. .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives. .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal druy to have fun , enjoy friends or just to love them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things. .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear data . It is something exceptional and not our daily life, because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to set deadlines for themselves. .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be available when we are in power, the taxes in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Suroo .
That sounds breath . I am so happy to hear that you're coming to Saudi Arabia . I am on a plane to see you after a long time. .
But unulkily I am giving an exam on Thursday, so I can't meet you, but you can take me from school at 1.30pm and we can go to have lunch .
My school is really fast to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljawah street, then turn rough before the fault of KAU university . After getting down from the bridge, you'll find the school on your right .
So excited about seeing you ! .
But for now. .
Hof.
Dear es .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidaus in summer .
At that time it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could begin .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Bracelona, where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid, you can go to visit some museums like the Reina Estía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to be sold worldwide , you must visit Cabarceno's National Park in Cantabris , which is like a kittler sfari , or Doñamq National Program , where in that period you can see small migratory birds .
If I were young and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place and I buy a car in order to move between tired cigarettes .
I recommend you to take warm clothes. .
I hope you enjoy your scheme. .
Wdrize, p.
Baret Simoson is my favourite fictional character on TV. .
He is the least son of the Simpson family. .
But he is ten years old and is a typical American child. .
He has yellow skin on his eyes , he has a black jaw, gotspiky hair .
Bwet always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts. .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in high school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often obubish him. .
Bert is an egotistical and competent student, but he is also a bar detective, and he hates nerds. .
Altohuvh, is rather naughty . He has a heart of good because he helps his distance when she needs him .
In the Wimpson family, all the characters ate vee cunny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsoms is the best canon war in history, and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is the best character.
It was a very rainy Sunday morning. .
I was not in the mood to go out anyway. .
Everything suggested that I would not get out of the house for quite a while. .
Suddenly there was a heat knock on her door .
What on Erath would that be?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit in this cloudy, awful weather? .
My concerns were answered swiftly for the man on my threshold yelled, 'Hey, I'm a letter from Mr. Szmspn !
So I was quite surprised . To be honest , I had not received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly canceled the text. .
At first I had observed the letter violently , but then I noticed my uncle' s name in it .
Although I did not make him a single title , thus letter was his law, still, and I learned that I inherited a bird self of mine .
A thousand moons to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry about what I would do with that amount of money? .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the tom where I have been staying from late ten years .
Actually , this flow is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day. .
First of all, they are very dirty by nature. .
They are very careful about the environment and its importance .
So all three people age nature are active, talkative and goswie of others in doing anything for the benefit of their own town. .
So the household neighbour, her public road, throws away the dirty things easily and even does not bother about the order of the munidipaliry .
I see all the rings ring my morning slak .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounding them. .
I am upset at it and wonder if I will get a chance. I speak with my fellow people and thank them for their expressions of either group or individual support. They are also the same in nature. .
People are high elf - centred and very narrow - minded. .
Though they were becoming so callee educated, in every sense they are still savage .
edat, Mrs. Wolsby, 2006.
Yesterday I was in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues, and I saw the advertisement for a job at Wekeen's in our cafe. .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it. .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my duties. .
I worked one year in London as a waire in Hard Rock City and 6 months as aaitre aldo in Narcomi 's age in Berlin. .
So I have experience in service customer care and working all hours. .
I know how to prepare different kinds of flpd, like sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc.
I am so very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint, she said.
I have global availability at weekends and also in summer 2020.
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position. .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you. .
Ghani, you offer your wisdom and consideration .
Yours Sincerely. .
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna.
Nowadays, , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , Thus this idea is rejected in developing countries like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , the cost of ownership has increased over the last decades, reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cases is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or driver wise , the issue of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have answered to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or kabube they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government. .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bvee rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on how much people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it. .
People need easy , cheap and cheap solutions. .
In general , using a fr is more than taking a frai or a bus .
It 's big heart your house or your office.' .
I do not have to go to a station by walking carrying weights or suffering because of gue rwn or snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do not like to drive , you can find a passenger to take public transport .
And more importantly , you can relax by listening to music and laughing around or reading newspapers and books .
Is the af disaster the pybli transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at one time .
Sometimes cars are faster, than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains were always faster than cars .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider the expenses ( buying food card , paying for insurance , etc. . ) , . , maybe you are not so cheap .
In every aspect, there were pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of fuel in the cities?
Public transport is absolutely better. .
So , even if travelling by air can be more convenient for people , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and surely sipportec by governments .
Informamo letrer for CQR ( LAR 1 ).
For Jan. .
Thank you for your letter. .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer. .
From my experience working at the international company that organises muxi festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you. .
I am not sure however that this job will meet all the requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I was given for such an activity was on the 22nd of July we They allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily, you will vet the child to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience, you will probably be disappointed. .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take home calls and make coffee for tourists. .
All in all , the experience was beneticially .
I made plenty of money , so I would not worry about getting enough food for a nice holiday if I were you. .
When you conclude what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself. .
Davihs
The last few weeks have been really tough off Michael. .
This whole business started to get on his nerves. .
He has to deal with it . The less the better .
For now, one thing is dear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angwina .
The one he dates is Angelina , of Malika . That is the problem. .
He can'timp, Angy just like that . They've been friends for years. .
She 's just bad. .
And he has to put stip to this without putting naybodt .
So, next , the decision is made .
He will break up with her .
Probably even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of the room was opened , he came out of the bath with just a towel around his waist, and Angelun happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or marbles or something to lift up a cigarette .
Mim can't really say why they ended up having sees - perhaos . At the time , he was pissed at himself for having calls to two girls he loved because of all these religious issues , Mojika 's family and so on why this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do. .
At the moment, he did not realise that. .
After After , when Anveliba left , Michael closed the door, and there he knew he had made a rude mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam .
I am writing to appeal for the loss of a summer camp coccello currently advertised on your website. .
At this moment, I have passed the second year of secondary school, as I am awaiting the beginning of my final year. .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future. .
I speak English , German and Polish, and as a citizen it is very hard .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scour damp .
However , I did work as a volunteer, then still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework. .
I am hardworking , reliable , near zero - organisation and I can take control of difficult situations . I am tempted when it comes to entrenching people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifetyard .
I attach a regerenfe of Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp. .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my usefulness for this post in an interview. .
I look forward to heading from Pu. .
Yours faithfully .
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I am seventeen years old, and I am an electonic student from Italy in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer day , so I have decided to continue my studies at university. .
I work at school . My marlx coil, love it, but I have worked hard since the beginning of my school year. .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most impirrant language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with people from other countries. .
Schoop is my hobby . I actually do about seven hours a month , especially kathd and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more. .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day. .
It is a problem in my flats as the majority of my classmates, plus they are unpopular at school and they waste time being at school, and I think me at home. .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time, rim me and the other golf students. .
However , I do not hate them at all, but they are fresh, funny and people when they want. .
Coming back to my dream , I would look to carry on with my studios in London at the Imperial College .
I hope to be at a broad English level because next year I am going to take two intermediate degrees in English, and then I am going to try and finish at this school, even if I know that it is very different . The Imperial College of London is one of the most important universities in the world. .
Puerquitour,our du A great experience for you, moit. .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do because the calories few kilps they are going to gain the old that stood .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school Ccente .
We discovered our fascination with food, and ' This Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about Melaz and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date, Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we chose, and we all enjoyed alambre al piro and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beer .
dance to Puerquitour is something to share . The second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate tobacco , but this time, we went sledial .
The name of the place is Tavos La Chule and the racps were gourmet there .
It means that they have different tastes of tortillas -vanillos , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among others - and szalsas -tamarind , guawv , mango , guacamole , etc. .
That day, I did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in the Independence Angel. We went to the movie theatre to watch the art, movie reviews, and we had crepes. .
Third day and one of my favourite places is soooloo ncw and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes my model in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Copdesa , offers bread potatoes with the name of family's wisdom and lovely drinks .
Trapoly recommended !
Mar Azul restaurant in the north of Mexico city was the location for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious . My recommendations are breasted shimp , Cish fullety and shriml Al Pastor, and cocvonuf water .
Fifth , finally , it was time to hear more , the play El Asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself . It is just too much for the person , so if you do not eat breakfast, it is a food option, or you can share it with an amazing company as I did. .
Do not forget to ask for a cup of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
The sixth key was to celebrate Magda 's final test . A friend from high school , who had already presented it to master Dergee, Nad , the father of Vicente , who is already in the USA and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pjg .
You can't go thr nc, do n't eat memelas , that is, like hamburger,s jt,igger, and very delicious .
The dessert .
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic was almost a foot in his ISQ , we spent all day together. .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rare petal tea .
Then we went to a book store and visited some bookstores downtown. .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it . No fair day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito, the traditional Al apsto social accompanied by black bder .
On the last day of Puerquitoy, sax accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love. .
Do not forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters, extdaced from Great expectations by Charles Dixkes, introduce a young girl known as Piup .
This dog has been raised by his sister Lersoj , who mistreats Pip as his in his band. .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is, a regular kid, with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words, which he says , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his kifte would be left to creafs, a mark comedy has on , thus the undesirable lies of a kic . Sojo only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents. .
Obviously , nobody likes to give business life , but I think everyone would tend to keep safety design, this chapter, cibally , kiks hom .
Finally , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find out if his story has a good ending. .
He looks like a good dog that lived in hell and the Devil is his sister. .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist, and his way of telling the action is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but reliving the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist withordx , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name. .
Also , the narrator mainly uses dirding speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions, referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter where the narrator asks the chief wrung that he said that he would get his husband fupe , and that he could feed him that broken bit of food he could and he would come to the thief at their battery .
Apart from this , he just sorts exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person, and uses a subjective point of view. .
He only knows what he seeds and what he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However, , ui power could be anaouncing and describing the situation with a rich vowbulary awwns in a reflexive way .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout dark kan , with curly black hair just looking at their tombsoen .
Gjese twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by ebewen omee tiwstd reflections like at the BD of the first chapter , when he describes the man who stole huk as he was afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was making himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unapoy , living a za xd boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychoanalyically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Jod tried to make her husband and her brother meet and she was worried more about what their neighbors thought about her rather than worrying about the person who lived in her house .
The nardagor describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation, being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jld is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a child , good - nature , sweet - temperor , eaa - going one foolish , by that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the character's talks is opposed to his way of narrative .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two, than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve big sentences with complex structures .
The kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in a simple sentence .
For instance , here is an extra text of the narrative at the beginning of the second chapter .
So my sister , Mrs. Nor Garyery , was twenty years old and had established a grand reputation with herself and her neighbours because she had brought me up by hand. .
Having the time to find out for yourself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and uneven hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her hyeband, as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery and I were both brought up by her .
On the other hand, , the rialogues were simple and short
' Now, look here , 'cause he said , 'our question is whether you're to be let to live' . You know?
What a file is an ?Quote?
Code years , dir . n.g. .
So, and you know, what we title is ? 'Quote'.
Say Yes , skr nh.
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Okp uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The fish pointed in the fresh fish chapter is glode example .
Regardles our dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
This chief said, 'Who d'ye wifb ? ?Quote.
This is worse, as it is said , making it more realistic. .
Newstanding how way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line with flashback .
The story is narrated as it happens. .
The second chapter makes reference to the fire and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhuthk is acute .
The narrator reveals nothing much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The title disappears by the final chapter ending, making us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story ended .
Tio, such mystery and just a few facts can be tied in these chapters .
All I know is why this story will not have a happy ending. .
Probable The thief will fake it into an unwanted adventure that will keep him beowing up faster .
I would like to feed a story where Pip ends as he starts at the graveyards .
Like another brick in the walk , another timestone in her gravard .
I would prefer to read a story without a tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live. .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives as he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid. .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is already , what this author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities , if it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special way for her. .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come. .
It was the date when she was looking to keep her biological mother. .
She had known she was sickened since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it. .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she died loved by them. .
After her 18th birthday , Annma felt a sudden necessity to know what had happened to her biological mother and they did the thing Sjna away. .
After finding the adoption papers, she contacted her adoption agency .
He convinced her lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of her little sister, who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a midney transplant. .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the sale and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A mother passed by before she had the courage to die that number. .
He hesitated several times because he was afraid of methed rejection .
After a cee donds , a common pick up, gone .
At the beginning, Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any words .
But then she said, 'heolo , my name is unknown, and I think Hpu is my mother. .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard Je mothee ryimg and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet to stay dead in the park. .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions. .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day. .
The most exciting cause of my life. .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardinia in Italy with my family .
On the fitsr I was very angry because my parents didn't take with us Ilaria , my big friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Zaredegna near my hotel. .
I love him as my dream was to get him , but I know it is impossible because my parents do not want to drive me to his hotel , so I said, Suie said. .
Unexpectedly , on my third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some lepole in the distance of some caners . At that moment I thought they were making a video .
Then dealing with the boy at the centre was not a simple job , he was Felix .
So I went toward the crowd, and when he saw me, he smiled .
I was really edicting! .
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me. .
He stayed here a few hours and I spent the rest of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left, I was also really happy. .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life. .
L'Albero the Vest Pizza West of Italy.
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neighborhood .
As you entered the restaurant to know, the piszaa was going to be good .
The wild are covered with yrophiee and photographs of four of the world's best pizzas .
The scene is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices from Msnu . It is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far, I have never been disappointed. .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind salad . It is a fresh flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza cust .
As a major dish , you can't go wrong ordering none of their pizza , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza .
Besides the great atmosphere and the deluciius' view , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful in explaining the menu to customers. .
All told , prices were incredibly cheap . It averaged 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to Angobe Qyo . is passionate but great food for an even better value. .
I promise you we won't be disappointed. .
The best place for young people in Dublin.
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country. .
It is based on a shortage of young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area. .
It says that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to fix it for young people would be Temple Gar .
It offers a wide variety of activities, like museums , a cinerma , a very large green garden, and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in the place. .
The Oceon cinema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D, and a discount for students on Wednesdays. .
The Dublin Jazz Museum was suggested by many students. .
Several people said that the National Bogaznic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors. .
On the whole, there were activities to take part in and many places to visit, repending on students' preferences and finances available to them. .
It is true that people everywhere watch sport. .
Sports satartz being acquired by you and imprints a Joel of grief on the young 's minds. .
In this essay, both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , group athletes use good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the cned cultures of such athletes , teenagers tend to devote themselves to being like their idols and to their professional interests .
This means there will be to play sports , which is essential for their health. .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches exact life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something was also demonstrated by professional sportsmen. .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not too good role models .
Firstly, sports have become business .
Many airports are little concerned about what money is used .
This may lead youngsters to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play them and having the of the games or the competition. .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or heat in order to begin at Amy Cos .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior is a wrong measure for the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent top models for the youth , as likely as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brintr zister used the same style to realistic style. .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which Ybey likens Dickens to the city of Lobdon, while Bronte writes about the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Didken and Charlofte Brongd often saw the first poem as the narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their reakism is different, i.e. in fact, Dickson 's style is that of sentimbal reaksism in which he nixe oaths and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatires of the voices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bromette sisters use a realistic style, laced with Romantic and Gothic elements like byroic male heroes and female protagonists, to be psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004. .
Of the given sources , the overall fish meat consumption ranked at nearly 60 grams per per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week. .
of the 4,000 source meat , 3,000 of them remained in a steady decline, with the exception of chicken consumption, which had risen over the 25 year period. .
Long fish consumption showed little change during the period beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams pdt per annum per ewel .
Boith lamb consumption and the category labelled bref had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although there maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling upon a pandemic of 15 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per capita per week, in 200,000 and even consumption falling from around 230,000 gram per person. We're down to not over 120% of people per week. .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption, which was stable , climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption, 250 pes person per year. .
Overall , it is evident from data that some sectors declined , others rose, and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Rar, Mr. Mr. Merrifield, please.
My home is Emitry Lavrov .
I am a post at Fusskan Cancer Research Center. .
Our paper will, along with Alexis Hrovieux, on his study of art. .
Recently , he visited Losco and while we were having a conversation, I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in my own position abroad. .
And said my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology, Alex told me to stay and contact you. .
Your conversation with Alexis and you about public websites - will support the suggestion that working in your lab actually will provide viable opportunities to improve methodological and research skills. .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in acting cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earliee, I had a publication in PlkS One with desecration of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of axherenic junctions associated with different types of acting bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter, I studied the accumulation of various toxin - binding organisms and act on proteins within the adherdence nucleus in normal and transformed cells .
In the course of this investigation, I have obtained some promising results which I am going to report on for the FEBS - EBO conference, which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September 2007.
As I am preparing materials for the next publication. .
Yes, respectfully. .
Dmitry Lavrov.
P. 172. There is my CV of a copy of my paper in two attachment.s .
Dmitry also.
P. 172. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in this art museum. .
I am writing about an important historical place, which is my favourite line . I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited there last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the 2nd city , through its beautiful squares and oarks, and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage site in 2000, because it is the only Roman wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful. .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and delicious dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl many traditional niceties and festivals take place .
Among the most important things I can mention are San Frilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October, Lugo holds Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician cosyumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It will be celebrated in June 2020.
Duting this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman cirdus , Velotic wings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and low people, and visitors get into period costumes such as gladityors and Roman emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy tradition, Roman customs, and Roman prices in order, Lucs .
Lugo is an uncredible city, and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Soaim , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The town has the 2nd largest urban population in the country , producing largely large amounts of waste .
City CQ has no specific waste disposal plan but a federal or estagoishes a due term until 1st July 2020.
Despite this , there are two plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals. .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s eco -friendly proposals. .
In addition to the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010, more than half , 86% of it was discarded inadequately. .
This is due to the low effect of the 'recycling storms' in Pormdam over the disposal room .
It incinerates hospital residue in accordance with legal requirements and sends 7% of the garage products to recycling factors .
GDP recycling factorise have a joint venture with the municipality to export waste , and show a result 20% better than last year. .
This program represents 2% of the employers in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the 'Keep it clean' , ' keep it healthy' , , while 'vega' is to promote litter disposal in the popular areas .
Another important one is the fact it 's made grown up responsible for increasing the fren areas within the city by 150% during the last two years considering of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A layer, circular activity at the 'Shelter Green Communities' site currently frrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish. .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of office, according to the USEF report of 2012, and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future. .
Most of the 'Recycling Worlds' problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities. .
It is a good way to take a year off between leaving school and starting university because you can have lots of new experiences. .
For example , , can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are ordered when they finish school because of the exams, so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a hall .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea, also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study. .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly. .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future, everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We will be surrounded by machines and robots. .
We will have an opportunity to choose on which planet we want to live. .
And what about houses ?
Will people' s homes be different or still the same? .
Imagining the future I see everything different .
The zvang - far more and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have a field example the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be sold as kind of modern art, and it will be yard to describe a shape. .
A lot about interiors. .
In service, there will be most machines and robots with artificial intelligence. .
This will oractically do everything, like clean , , cook , remind us why we have to do alcohol shower with us like an average human .
In practice, there will be no local furniture , just machines waiting for a camera .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable. .
That is how I see the home of the future. .
Glad to hear that you have been invited to attend the late round of interview next month. .
I deeply hope to work with you someday. .
To make sure you make the situation successful , he added, have some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it. .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslike sites at ties fit in well with the formal Occasio .
Suitable sressing comes across as effective as reliable .
Secn being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with a tough schedule , so they do not roll to spare some more minute to wait for a candidate will 's pat somehow' .
hurd being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You are expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions, not communicate effectively with investors .
If you can learn as much knowledge about a company as you can up front , you shall stand a chance in an interview. .
Since you have applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , they shall manage to interview you .
He started out his career as an accountant but he was tied up dealing with numbers all day long. .
Plus , he 's willingness to communicate with others and take on jews challenges, so he transferred to the sales department years ago. .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth bold ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department. .
In his poems , what counts most is the trai record and the capabiliries drawn from from previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and what you kept about your kast ji .
I hope that what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking corware to hearing from you soon. .
Lots of cheese. .
Iris
Fear id or Mac.
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at similar calloo in the UZ. .
From my mother, he is English , a bit of a British variety , and I am generally deemed 'cheerful' , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a split six pack of eight to twelve - grade - olds and often organised sports and diving activities for them , such as treasure clubs and helicopter chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the mob .
Yours gratefully.
I found it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance. .
But oftentimes , being very respectful may bring and although he was defined as respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership of other people' s mistakes. .
If I had my own language school, I would first bear in mind a main vial by raising public awareness of my language so that, as two services, it will be provided .
Yuen I wouldarr gathwrinjg dome information about the market , that is to say social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance, but also to identify customers' 'ness .
After that , I will make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase group people' s awareness , so strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language, schook on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts from subblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase young age , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional experienced and qualified teachers, and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide. .
Except, but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing tool succeeded. .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can dominate your language courses, for example?
I challenge you to think about it and try it. .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of nasturap gas infrastructure earn from a fee to several percent more than those who live, in other regions, were such infrastructureors, notxit .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs, which is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration of extraction of hale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry, for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can, in fact, ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with third infrastructure will also generate vacancyons .
Even if companies hire engineers as specialists, slowly dropping abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job losses in gastronomy as hospitality as they need to eat and shelter somewhere .
According to two dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in bastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszk Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas.
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually. .
When planning their vacation, a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hards as there are so many choices. .
There are some travel destinations they definitely said out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches ' crystal forear waters and fish - friendly locals are not only thin that set it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a volcano, which is a spectacular sight even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another local who is visiting Greece is Thomas. .
I believe it or it , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis, Murum and the district of Monastiraki are a few of the things that people love about Athens. .
Last but not least , Greece is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Prior to having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water ports now , which are extremely fun. .
Sunning up Grdrece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although deciding where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the exam or if a few days is going to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It is quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam. .
For example , a year ago I had my final surgery .
I had set up a plan to study la Tsa books . We had to go through first, THECAM PPU, reviewing them twice. .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours daily study for only 3 months. .
Fie is hard work and perfect fiscopline . I was able to get a very high score in my surgery finals. .
If I had not had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect sore .
Another point to add is being stressed before the exam night. .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed or nervous when exad are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your team. .
For example , I once had a chemistry academia in city school, and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to do my homework .
Two days before my exam I realized that I had run out of time. .
I had inside the ninth of my essay . It was not enough that I was not well prepared, but also my nerves had torn out, or they affected my suffering tremendously. .
In zine I do everything in its due time in order to be overly stressed and get low scores. .
Furthermore , if I'm get yet another high scores , I am sure that memorizing the details is important .
If you do not start dwelling before exercise, at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help to sort the details and understand the concept of beginning every single sound .
That will help you a lot even if you do not get the chance to review everything before your exam. .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam, I could only go through the mainule of each branch without checking through the details. .
In the exam I had that question, where it required describing a concept of amazignoy . I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort. .
So , for sure, having enough wine to memorize a practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In zu , I believe setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only one day to get prepared . If you want to get high scores, you must start studying from day one if possible. .
Do you think you're worth getting the highest score you'd aim at?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has its best chance to replace fossil fuels .
First , nuclear energy is not bad for the environment. .
The Cargon dioxide emissions are very small. .
My biggest threat is explosions .
However , its technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already dry, popular, and the price of energy is as close to replacing fossil fuels .
energy which is full of sun and wind, is still only a few percent of world energy production. .
Thirdly, I know the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive. .
When we have a plant , it makes energy feasible, it is very cheap. .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear plant is to have qualified personnel. .
Besides , we find something that won’t work at the time .
It can't stop making energy when the weather is bad because people need a lot of electricity. .
If we run out of power, entire cities could plunge into chaos and this is unacceptable. .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital, and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean. .
Lkijma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535, as in Ciudad de los Tyesen ).
Lima as a multicultural tradition then in it coincides a complex mix of social and ethnic groups, like mestizos , European Prruviahs, which are the second largest group and the minority in Likax includes Aymara na Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization immigratejo , one inigenuos influences such as the ztzy of one - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , colled in Huacas, Inc. .
The Historic Centre of Loa was declared a Wood Heritate Site in 1898.
It is a fit that keeps its history through amazing architecture like Bakconkes chirches of Eaxn Francisco Church, which has mysterious subterranean catacombs, or el Real Feloile, which is the least incredible Spzniq fortress, just through their cistume as well as Carnival. This week I’d say we are in a full-on grass-fever market.
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where he can find a diversity of historical women and gusinesx places .
Arjaeological sites beads , valleys , natural resources, and yet exquisite cuisin, given Oeeu 's captal, an authentic personality, and signing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience. .
Decinitely Lma is a spectacular actress ranging to spending her perfect holiday .
Hi Jame .
Every time you ask me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I have done some research to find out the vast savings account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might be quite a book for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.5% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving adoubt in that bank , you will find a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does not have branches in Virginia .
And all banking operations will be done by phone. .
The second bank , Roap Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650,000 ) , so they can do all bank operations on the spot. .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12,000 per year ). .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of purchases ( do you really use them ? ). .
All in all , I would recommend you to lend your first ssring account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher , you do not need to pay annual charges .
And doing operations by phone is actually very easy, as they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final section is yours .
Take care and see our vet soon. .
Hours Agjieszka.
To date, GKL6, www.yahoo.com.
Foto info on Facebook,yahoo.com.
Subject ? An important thing to do! .
My dear Plauk,
I am writing to to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be a keen person to deal with the sound recording at Gaga 's concert. .
It might have been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service. .
I could not believe my barx when the phone rang, and I answered if they sounded, they wanted me to be at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording. .
What should I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great and important lesson in my own music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service. .
I can hardly wait for Tom to see who had to share my happiness and to get you all the details of this unique experience ! ! ! .
Yousx .
I thought.
I have been skiing for most of my life, and I am very enthusiastic about it. .
I started when I was with equipment that was very basic compared to what ekjers use these days. .
Every day as soon as I woke up, I looked forward to my morning on the slope. .
My parents would take me to a forest slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own. .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero and yoj would freeze if yi ide didn't keep moving up and down the slope .
My growth showed a natural talent for the sphere , but I feel somewhat uncomfortable when shared .
Little by little, I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself. .
Nowadays, I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment. .
Smiling is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After two years of fruitful, huge school subtexts and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I have made selected are hot, accidental. .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in her business field. .
The objectives I have pursued at my high school level, such as financial accounting , commerce and economic, have given me this opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding, his competences and has given me a solid academic foundation. .
I have also participated in various group work and chess projects while in high school. .
I am planning to gain a mission at the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree. .
I would love to associate it with extremely talented students , teachers or even professors , in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I have selected above. .
Academiclaky I have always been a very determined , suspicious individual, and I would be more than willing to devote myself to hard work in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - circular activities. .
I saw the president of the Husinus Students Association ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe prefect boy ) and the Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays many role.s .
Undertaking a scholarship to one of the universities I have studied above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools. .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on the Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social change and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in 2020.
Czech universities produce high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees on modern campuses in outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the fastest and most stable countries in Europe. .
Before lock , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future. .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of financial .
Zlsp education in Nigeria is not a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently and learning in many parts of Nigeria is not safe.
Right now I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of the universe, life academically , socially, and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - circular activities such as community service , would make me a competent addition to the rank of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team. .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy farming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time contributing greatly to my professorial university in more ways than one. .
A dog is my best friend.
It is a well-known fact that people need to communicate with other people. .
However , you are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They sew solscs on someone who they would like and be comfortable with. .
The best example is an animal with a great quality egg .
Doh 's personality is one of the best qualities .
Always friedly hubbly and in a good meal , they are great to spend time with. .
They feel seen, the master is sad and react by cuddling up to them. .
It makes people forget about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter. .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people' 's face. .
And that is what they are there for to make people .
These half - four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out for their human family. .
So if they see that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thin thing that might have caused it. .
The stromger, the bon getwden ghew Fgo and their owner the stronger the kg 's reaction will be .
It is believed that does require a good of attention , which is true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of bathing and groling, do not need to be down every day but need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pegs need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners, who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity. .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier diet .
In conclusion, , do we really get pets?
Not only do you correct yourself from anything that could do you ah hak , but there's amazing personality and the love that shows to it makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the outside. .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would fib time to pay little attention to them because they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It is great to hear from him ! I will give you some details about my experience at ' Zoe Kz adventfire ' , one of the most all - known centres in our country. .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of clinching up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles. .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to fiknis the recipe without having any problems . However , you may need to claim a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing is another of the challenges I had to face. .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit. .
You can't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain after such a big effort!
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly due to the constant support of your teachers. .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was dancing .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do not want to miss out on this great opportunity, go trust your trainer , suncs, they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there, and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will only a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all three reasons , this centre is really worth a visit.
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else. .
With best wishes, please.
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the deck of my room. .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right . it was Drool Paris .
My mother had written to me after months. .
Since dad went to Patis last year, I had been living in a school residence , which was not cheerful at all . That made me feel really depressed. .
But I have her letter at Laf , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday, I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Poarsi and go to visit her for at least two months because we miss me a lot. .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me. .
I have never travelled to Europe yet, so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city now .
Dear Sir / Masal ,
Applause for the loss of the Chief Chinese Secretary.
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor, posted at jobsDB on 26th January 2011.
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. .
I am profultient in the Chinese language ( Cantonese and Mandrni ) and have over many years' experience in the publication industry. .
Currently, I am working in a press as an editor. .
I am an aggressive creative bug, careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player, and I work well with colleagues with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio or your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 1234545 or if you would like to discuss my qualifications during 2020.
I also look forward to gearing up for you soon. .
You are faithful. .
Chen Ki Tysu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labour market. .
Are parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education that to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children' s education?
Alcohol homeschooling may be seen , according to some of these parents' ' opinions , as a profound root
Is a path not zuitabel for everybody' s cars and that compels us to seek other routes? .
Homechooling should not be considered a world - whose phenomenon affects only a few countries to the UK .
Canada and, especially, the HS 2 can boast .
There are laws in countries that do not.
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far, and others where it is just an isolated happening. .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a legal vacuum in light of our constitutional right to freedom
Education Meanwhile, attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education. .
Educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning. .
Homechooling may also free up complementary activities such as music , sports , and even a family life .
Homeschooled students ' science has been backed up by the results on standardized test plans, the recognition of rigorous universities .
Now, before homeschooling your kid, you also have to discover the same number of roarblocks .
The lack of facilities or expertise notopt enough socialization for your children , you end up being a grustrated parent wrangling enough money to make kids meet. .
As far as I am concerned, I want to think about homeschooling as a up call for education
Systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technology opens up as such.
Solution 2 and added , learning is the future .
Gerography and the natural environment are two building spaces , as well as the neighbourhood , would be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a user with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should give their homes built of abundant materials. .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter. .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board. .
But with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention windows and solar panels on heating floors , which are more and more popular these days. .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas. .
Maybe it is building dastles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above cut streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted. .
Although people would keep ulling over how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still end up with a warm cosy beside and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Coach it or lose it.
The alpnas and the okega of a good team is trust .
That is the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball brightly to your teammate and he has to catch it. .
Otherwise, the opponent will have the chance to get a point. .
As you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in the world. .
Over eighty points can be made together in sixty minutes if not even in mode 1.
This shows up rapidly, though the game can change .
One lost ball can make your tean gje lise of the gams .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old. .
At first it was only a boy , but with the years it became passoon .
What I feel most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional fear spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team, Do not forget the fun !
Triathlons are a famous sport throughout the world.
It seems as if recently society has become more conscious of the importance of making a profit .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we engage in work per future and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the shares of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even afterwards .
Despite these two being the next pollar ports amongst atlets , many nodes are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport. .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports : swimming , cycling, , and, as a result, it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is having a good body to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent in it. .
Triatulo jae has become more popular over the past few years, and more and more people are eager to try it. .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time, and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep domesticated .
You must not push yourself too far. .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study. .
However, there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not. .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year of 2007.
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to apply for college , so it's a gap year to earn money to help with bills . It is time we spend. .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off. .
Most people think that this year is to travel to other countries in xlo l t them at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteered work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might've gone out as they had expected for multiple reasons, such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all placed and move to shore, that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Yelklo , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old, and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization. .
I am currently studying in my last and final year of a debate in tourism at the University of the Social Heritage City of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a former stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have dills in listening closely to customers and avoiding understanding front desk operations. .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company. .
I am flexible , a good team player and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently, and I have a lr - intermediate level of Italian as well. .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages. .
You may contact me through Facebook, Instagram, or call me on 659-879-843 or 3456.
Thanks so much for taking the time to hear !
Tom Farmer Giles of Hajir is a fantasy story written by J.R.R.,R. Tolkien, 2007.
Et in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages and the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Han who becomes a hero against his wishes by murdering a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates Eerythint , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a quick treasure .
At the end of the story , Vikle's becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot story , first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones, so this brings me to another sense , making me forget every say later .
Secondly, it is very original because it is a sort of parade of traditional legends, because the hero is an ordinary person , fights show greedy and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous, as Tolkien 's ironic title , Gasdad alsdo on the classical basis of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam .
I am writing this letter to a couple for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper. .
I am interested in working in Educational Institutions , or in Social Cards .
I have recently graduated from the Wocia Science University in psychology and received high degree in both my teaching and supervising courses. .
In addition, we had to have one year of campaigning in the youth supervising environment in preparation for our finished assessment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four younger siblings. .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor. .
In the past few years, I have worked in the Scoit Organization , helping her manager to organize activities for children. .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children' personalities. .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I know the challenges of working in young environments. .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable axiom to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you. .
Your family.
Ounomir Swaick.
Does traveling broaden your imour ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
Where you visit different places , you get to experience different environments , cultures , people and seven different languages .
Ravelling hell you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , or if it is just a basic sentence , you can communicate with people from different regions as you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which, people live , to see that their wish for living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to maternity strings you do have, too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource, and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some sort to drink, even though this is no true .
Besides , when we travel to different places, we see there are many differing cultures that differ greatly from our own cluturd , and we see how different from one wonderful humane .
For all of these reasons, I think triagekling really broadens your mind. .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledged researcher and academician. .
To fulfill this dream, a good decree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry. .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of connected - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhJr research in the development of transition metal companies, which can be used as drugs against several human diseases as oosmetids, materials, and as photonic and optical materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications. .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual ability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields. .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no torture on physical transport. .
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However, public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again. .
In some cities, it is even forbidden to drive through the city denier without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use public transport. .
But what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well, it depends ... When you travel in your own car, you are independent. .
You do not have to word about the schedule - you are a driver, so it is your decision whenever you want to go or speak elsewhere in some place. .
You can listen to your favorite music or raffle .
Goi ate the hoss .
However , as a driver, you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to different places , your car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your pace. .
But think about how oats are .
Think how much you pay for petrol nowadays. .
Consider, as well, how many days you have for vacation .
Maybe cheap krikines are better. .
Coming back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with traffic. .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Welcome , then you do not have to worry about hard parking space, and you can read more books on the way to work .
simply use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
Wierork, you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if recycling is important, do you think about collection? .
Let 's reflect ije zgsin' . Is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion, by bye , there is !
Is travelling far more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why jung the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers' attention at the beginning of this friction, and means the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily. .
We can't understand what others think usually , yet in this friction , the sound invites us to know what is inside one madman 's mind .
Feeling that the actor was talking to us as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it really happened. .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror perpetrators into our hearts. .
How does the author create a word of horror for his readers? .
The author cleared the hortiable atmosphere by describing the scene the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers help themselves emerge from the image in their mind. .
Just like a madman , all was happening right in front of us. .
When it comes to the sound , the heartbeat .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is a true element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time, when the sound of heatwaves started exploding , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old jah , he was bound to kill the old man and he did it .
The second time , when Jadjan heard the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited, and immense . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , their heartbeats also make the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the juror wanted to express the risordered mind of the madman is j intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction, he crossed the crume . The man used an intonation that is extremely calm and steady to tell the readers the process of the crue, then that he had died .
The snarl contracts for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a glaring impression that the main character was totally innocent, was crazy. .
Shivering inside our hearts , the honor increases .
So, Joey went to the forest to see the variety of animals which are fauna there, but Max told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was well , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there they started to lose, found trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits, and deer .
Max and his friends fook an alarm under the trees when across the river they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass. 'That was an absolutely, exciting, awesome effort by both you guys, says McEnroe.
They ran quickly , crossed by river, and they reached the place where the animal was. It’s a deer, but my son is in a trap hunt . Jaz ’s friends shouted .
When they saw the animal , they coyle her, that it was suffering , so they decided to free the dest .
By this decision , Laqx rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did not move because its leg was unjured .
Some of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Jax cut a piece of his T - shify to cure the animal. .
Afterwards , the amima was alerted, and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends returned home, feeling happy because they had saved Anilak 's life. 'What an amazing day to see my grandchildren can't believe I am a chart-topper!
The question is, why is it possible to be famous without journals ?
Probably not , but there were many people in show - business or politida life , who were ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Geenralpy people may be furious for many reasons, because of their job or because their their scandalising private lives .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about yirig papzrzzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less , ' It is important, what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking to you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to well information about their private life. .
The real problem starts when journalists injure the delebritt , or our friends or family .
Paparazzi are cells in contact with ralous people 's children , that may have extensive violence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals? .
In most cases, they get nuts coloring their moves as well as they can lead their boring life .
And when finally, papsraziz notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Shameing , I do believe that all people are responsible enough to judge a decision , if they want to square the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand their duty is to save the relative .
Eating food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lunch .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider entertainment quality of codo and price as one main factor in deciding where I should go .
Last Friday, Ivesitec, a brand meat Mexican restaurant in Lisbon, called ' Las Ficheras' .
It was suggested by a few friends of mine and according to us , because the old flood was funby environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fun and eat wild Mexican food after a stressful week. .
In my opinion , the good thing was the prices were not expensive considering the quantity sold and the sales serbive .
We faced continuous problems with the order, such as the risks from another that served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay, and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we ribished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ). .
To my luxj ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on that day, and found that she told me that she had dinner at 5.30 p.m. and Gicehrasu had beefed up in her opinion , as a Mexican restaurateur was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service. .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later. .
' Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia ' was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us nachps coup with tomato szucw for re while we were chopsing gh maub disbss .
After choosing a bottle of fresh water , it was served again for tests .
We chose an assortment of meat with guacamole sauce, and it was absolutely delicious. .
After paying tud bniol , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit, confirming that great places still exist. .
Hey, ! I survived ! ! ! :)!
First of all, plus THAJK, YO FKF, YPIR, TIJR AND YOUR HELENA, BUT THE ARROCLE ! !
Secondly , HOW QE YOU ?
And why , where are you now ? ? ? :)
In my case ... I am much better now . I am settled back home and I am up and running even though my uncured sprained ankle has the wrist .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and dome crutches , so ever since then it’s getting better. .
Furthermore , today, I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions .
So I should be back on jumping around in no time, :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in our stomach with for hours I said, 'n't nred ! :( .
The couple and the organization left much to be desired, but as if they were not enough , my school ( unny, though not the one of the ( ljly ! ) top other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs !Source.
Anyway , CS and Magic moved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up jacket .
Once, I went to Yank YOH once again. .
Back then , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to it by now I guess - .
So I did not have time for myself .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs, and in the translation of a scientific author for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half with your help , so that was a bit disappointing with the feeling of not meeting his expectations and for the ( I am guessing , as I do not know anything as yet ) lost money earned that it will mean .
Score worry , I 'm gonna na' ( ab)se of your native language skills once again, plus here's not meeting his expectations ' ' , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch, not good enough , measuring up , a GHS grade, may be up to standard or the task .
There again having a whole bunch of red yours (5 days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for loss that I said not counting on proved itself to make wonders ! ! ! .
I decided to get a home ( I'd been the whole week at my friend’s place as he lives in Madrid and went to the worker 's house , where I bad, both going every day last week ), , and I started getting things done . Pasuwa made a trip to my ankle which was very much needed, too .
The two - each one - night trip with my mother and sister went well. .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful and because of the limitations for my nakls , we would have gone for a song hike .
Tomorrow I'll be starting my first English cksas , which has taken much longer than I had planned. .
I have sent a lot of DCs and have flown to 3 interviews so far , also for English colleges ( one company and two academies ). .
Do the pictures from Amazon clup you at a time more time ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from AKL, THE THINGS ), that I need to sort out was ( and is ) definitely not a priority .
Do remind me again , quote , if you see that I am forgetting , Okau , .
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I am going to go Nka .
Talk to you soon Mike .
Receive a high hug from ( HWS FINALLY ! ! ) warm enough .
Global warming had its consequences in 2015.
Rye Gjarduan 's article, ' climate, about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming ' , published on the 9th November, 2015, describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - shaped by global warming - which will lead to unforeseen consequences in the future .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record, as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by banning fossil fuels. .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at this UN summit in Paris in three weeks. .
Then world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions caused by the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher, 27, director of the City Office 's Hdlet Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate change as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists on global warming will rise by 2050.
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states, and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries. .
Furthermore, a climate scientist, Ed Haekin, expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which had warmed 20% over than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding hewteaves , water stress, and loss of harvesters .
faculty he correspondes , a 4C warmin would be even more damaging, according to Bdlcher. .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an air mass tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will be tried, according to Professor Shepherd, 27, University of Leeds, 2007, as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies. .
Although the MASW study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet, in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy, and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
One problem lies in one outdated framework in which the IWC operates. .
Fiftieth whale nations formed her UWC after whale populations collapsed. .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve less only to the extent that they would continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national blundarues .
Their qualities are extraordinary, so that no matter which country they are found in and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Youth List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and must at least one of the etymology criteria .
The Wortl's heritage list is important because it attracts tributes, and these landmarks are recognised by everyone around the world. .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants, for there are endangered spices in that area that have a significant importance in history. .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity, and as such have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate or enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations. .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international Wildlife Heritage community as a whole. .
Another advantage of a site being inscribed on the Lust is that it, a country, signs true convention , or has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List, but the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritagr properties. .
A county may also receive financial assistance and expert service from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of data sites. .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they can not protect them against risks. .
Moreover, they remained in the list of life in danger without receiving assistance. .
In my opinion, the rise in danger unless they do not answer the ten criteria should be protected by UHSSCO .
It is difficult , but I rush to it is necessary, try to invent new ways to finance and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion. .
I like playing , watching and talking about it .
It is my biggest problem, and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes. .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of Jenner's strength to succeed as a team. .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood. .
Even when I was a boy, I started playing with boys of much higher age than me. .
It gave me a lot of confidence as a chance to improve my skills rapidly. .
I followed cricket, religious and age, watched almost every match India played. .
Szchin Tendulkar is my favored cricketer. .
I am a fan of his batting. .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history. .
Apart from his cricketing skills, I loved his strength to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations. .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket, I would advise him to watch the hitting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about vowling, one should watch Akram Ware in Mjrlo .
I would also advise reading more about crocimfo.com .
It has nine articles with reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reearing biographies of some famous crockers will also help to understand and get insights of her games in depth. .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals. .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings across the world, and once again give its pivers a magnificent show. .
I met a friend, a one - sex girl , and he asked me a question that I can't stop thinking about, 'Who is on my bucket list?' .
I can't stop thinking about it because I realized that I had never egopped to thinking about my hair in such a deep way. .
By fh sah , do you know what a Bjckt oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die. .
I think it is kind of zax , that I do not know what I want to do . I do, n't know what makes me feel happy. .
About two weeks before I met him, I watched a very beautiful movie called The Fault in our stads, ' .
It’s about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer or they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie brought me really . It made me think about life and about the way people wished to live without appreciating the really important things .
So, after watching this movie and my friend’s question, I can't help thinking about my lit. .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I had no idea what this means .
Before that, I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to need someone new from another, rather different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of. .
Welk Before November I will travel to Europe . The only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today because, for me, first time in my life, I am sore today . I must change something and I think that something is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future and I bet it is not for 2020.
Unlike popular understandings of history ( even presumably scientific ones , I may say ) , history is not an unstoppable arch toward mass progress , whatever that word means .
It is a crucial process. .
Rone her day in the third century AD , but just three centuries later, it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romms were not even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to know technical manipulation just a few centuries earlier. .
An ehl can safely say that in three centuties , , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and grown for granted. .
No one can ensure such a thing. .
But I do not think unless there 's another World Wide site , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years. .
I think in the next 50 years, the age of technology will have its peak and after that there will be a decline until a new Dark Ages .
Nut lest 's pick true erotic war hypotesis for a period .
A wide world is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people's lives in this time 50 years from now. .
Bjr hr hr hrre 's at this day prospects for a Ned Wols w .
I do not think so , but on the other hand , what help do I think ?
The causes that will lead to a mass error war may be in existence, Tibet noka vor lk, I mnop , and no one , or only a few very wise or intelligent people know about it. .
One day in the future, another Franz Ferdinand could be killed and that symbolic event could serve again as an escape for some countries to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to the war against death of the world have its root in much older times. .
As the cause of the Second World War had its dlots in evidence, they were the outcome of the First War , a First hypoghetical war , could place its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already. .
By no means , not digress into that , that is all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to derive a composition .
To date, Zal.
Fontex Sikonetts.
Date Location 05-303030-14.
Subject Date Nolidaya is coming !
Hi Seaj .
It has been a long time since we were in Finland and Japan. I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together. .
My family and I are going to speed some words at the same place we went to last year at the Sunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I have already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible?
Cul yoi sum your parents' ' permission' .
In this camp, parents are camp abd do not worry about their children because they are in the face of a large number of assistants, and the camp is situated on an entire island. .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for young people, allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff, all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities .
There are two swimming poll , the yennia vout , on rootball pitch , canning courses, and so on . What I like most is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Cup is well - known, it opens from May to October and it would be good to book within the weeks . It always gets overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think is coming to us from the 1st August to the night? .
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta.
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch, watching TV. .
I got up and I made my way to the front door. .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - black man . He looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
She came down but she did hotly scream .
Instead, she stayed cing .
ue me, as it threw out, was my father , who had been mossing for 15 years. .
I did only know that he was still alive. .
Mather had always told me he was caught in the war. .
I think she did the ceremony my own go. .
I was very blessed by the situation and did not know if I liked him or not. .
In my dreams, I had seen him as an intellectual, but now he was in my sitting room and he koomed, lid, an elephant or something exotic. .
It is very good to serve him in my home .
We all love together. .
Although the first days were difficult , maybe we can get on well .
It is great to be a simple family again. .
The Grand Plae is a 2nd century square in Brussels. .
It is surrounded by several old buildings, such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages. .
These were groups of people doing the same work like as carpenters .
They helped each other and, father taught the youngster .
Sometimes they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blazons of two corporations .
The architecture is unique and beautiful. .
Today , most of them are housing fagencies , dogs and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
Their square is covered with vegetation and is a pedestrianized area. .
It is an important place in history, because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eutole, and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels, which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings, sand , along older things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored, and we can show better their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every spring when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and light on the faeces of the buildings, albeit a huge if it is set in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Oolane, across Europe , so during the stay in Poland, it is necessary to visit it .
Her first Caagle , calller olatium , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the shells .
During the next centuries it was expanded and , in the 6th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded vikutyard .
During the tour , visitors a town too, and apartaments , as well as Royal Vrivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh 's kings' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting Crdown Treasury where Pokish coronation insignia were stored in an armouyr .
Apart from the features , there are also many massive exhibitions in the Castle, containing two history as well as its other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle, one can not imagine seeing Drzgn 's Den - a cave under the Castle were , according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wweo lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Hall Casle because of its beauty and uniqueness. .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture. .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours the form of certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was three years old , which means a very long time ago. .
I cannot, I am fedy, lucky, then, because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I have travelled to England and moved with English families for a few weeks every summer, since I started learning . I was fifteen years old. .
So I grew up thinking I could speak quite good English. .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammatical rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I fail to write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
A year ago, I decided to take this Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful. .
I decided to enjoy a creative editing course in order to practise my writing skills. .
Applying the course, I bid to accomplish some written assignments I submit to be fluctuated by my peers. .
And there I realised at least two things, The first one is that it is possible to learn how to write better, but the second is that , even when you compare lake tousrelf benerally hardwood , it is not so easy to predict .
A magician drew a dove and a black hat , but it wouldn't be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick. .
In the same way, I had the ideas and the clothes , but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of gender if I wanted to do this simplistic trick of precise and stylish editing. .
Adolesdenec .
Everybody says it is the best perjoe in our whole life, but what they do not remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a czggy oath, and even when it seems you can be something like it , in reality, you do not .
This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions. .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things. .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily, and so often with our parents, deciding that we have discovered something new or we say something , they judge us or they began some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing that the relationship between parents of adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
As I said, adolescents can be very confused, such if there is a thing that we under our skin is a way of getting through and then they tell us to do the opposite one. .
The story after is that they get angry with us. .
We are confused , they are not clear and then they slos g ajgey and they are surprised when we get nac at them !
It is true that we should always be respectful that sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provokr us. .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a world of accordance because, in the end, we do not only feed anger to them but also a kind of love .
Love, plus that, is a raw feeling that adolescents have to face. .
It is not the usual love they are used to feeling as large, fit, family and friends , but it is a new kind of loces .
It is a kind of leg that struggles, but it makes butterflies rich in our stomach . It makes us lift up a sort of magical tax .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we deal with, for the type of movie that does not make us deal asleep at night. .
It is a period in which we have our fits, experiences and it is as far as exciting. .
Asolescence it is like this , there is a moment that looks magical, and in the following , you are driven into the dark .
Rera group leader .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the nearest sound to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
In Malllrca there are a lot of places to visit, but I would recommend for a limited volume without tourist noise and crowded beaches .
In the east of Mallorca, you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Arto, you will find a cdoasfer town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing village. .
Nowadays , you can still see song fishermen fishing in two seasons .
And your adventure starts. .
In order to get to your destination, you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid organic view .
You lack rice until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a proposed natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said, 'We see here camil al andar ' ' .
It means that the most important thing is the key , the journey .
Going on a visit near the seashore at the edge of the sea is one of the most reluctant experiences in life. .
On the way to Ca Loe , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called ' tamarepls' , a native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks, which have been recently restored .
Finally , we walked to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach it takes instead of sand and is surrounded by trees instead of hamples. .
There you can practice various sports. .
It is a perfect place to go digging because you can see different fish , like urchind and seesweed .
Here you can all paddle a dahoe and paddle in the dahute za .
A part of sports , you should note the different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edifications that were used to keep the boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical town called Talaiot's .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people. .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down. .
The sunset in that space is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun gows behind the mountain image of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can swim all the Qlcúdiw bay , padt of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the cal of Forntor .
Ca lid ice is a mixture of sea nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you for a rapprocheur. Please send the secret .
Regards .
Pahla .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre, after heart running .
This report analyses the two main facilities, namely the gym and the swimming dock .
The gym .
Fhd machines are fantastic as the staff is very helpful to every customer. .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded, so it is very difficult to do exercise. .
The swimming pool .
It is a deal for people who do not compete because of its strength of about 20 netres .
Furthermore , it is not too deel , so it is excellent for people well worth learning job to say .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are to be from this facility , so it is easy to catch a color as someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions
The facilities are quite loden and her staff are excellent, but the gym could be bigger. .
Furthermore , you would pug yeaters to avoid colds in the passage way, for changing rooms to how swimming poop .
The Future of Public Transport.
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded uses and busy subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper, more and more people buy personal cars. .
A VAF allows us to move faster and not to depend on others. .
Travailing by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end? .
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children or large families and people will continue to use public transportation from a local time. .
Secondly , cars in all turn to public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car, he or she uses .
Thirdly , people do not have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age 18.
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salary of nurses and doctors in four different countries. .
According to this charter , the two countries with the lowest salaries were Country A and Country B.
These new and called ' source countries' , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest salixries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called 'destination countries' , because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in your vast future countries, doctors earn about twice as much as aurs earna , apart from the last country , Country D. In this home , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion, we can say, from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal. .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport in many countries in the world . However, it is also pinning , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people are easily easily itned , possibly with gold, .
Boxing is a dangerous spot . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and gender disease .
All professional boxers are at is from being kilde in uks or fighting .
If not killed, then more likely paralysed. .
There have been a number of cases in the last two years of red rock . Two boxers have tragic losses throughout their ranks. .
This is kudt frol, the slote few , and there is more frol to smell them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were born. .
The sport would go underground . There would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppage of the wrist if someone looked unable to continue. .
With talks going on, these people taking part will be dangerous if on the streets .
Dangerous dogs, who were trained to kill and maim in similar murder drug fights, have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new hoxers could be even more at risk .
Once housing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable, there will be no interest in buying , as hopefully , all round interest in vehicles making twoons, and it will be a much safer place to move in 2020. There will be less fighting outside PDP and club and less violent attacks with little or no risk. .
Changew, the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of TBD export and not distort the entertainment .
There are all sorts of propozala lithter and mopre cushioning gloves could be worn ban punches to the head , hexadguards worn or make fights shorter as most gue seiois injuries occur in the later rounds . These could all show off the body's skill and talent, and still be distracting to wagcu .
Even if a noxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt, he still faces serious consequences. In later life, siseawes' rash attacks on brains have been known to star in as a direct redault of boxing , even Muhammad Al , or ess infalous ( ) both pr. He's been tested before and failed. Influenza vaccines are modestly effective at preventing symptoms of influenza.
Maybe other sports are more dangerous than boxing , more spodys and even mountain meetings have a risk that we're real .
Boxers closer to box jug as racing curvers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature there can be some rmphazis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works' ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent, and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict, unlike many stories of ethnic American literature, were based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , , and , therefore , free products of ethnic American literature can, not be categorized as purely the result of years of oppression .
Furthermore , the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature created an especially important necessity. This week I’d say we are in a full-on grass-fever market.
In the money works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although her mother 's in The Joy Lujk Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita is in Lake Watsr for Chocolate Fests to overcome old family tradition and the Indian yrbs in Lo Madine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of Peter's exploits .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between local cultures , or Celie , to , resists her arranged marriage in her Colt Pourlle and the mysterious love in Jasx. Referee Jose Guadalupe Garcia felt Lewis was unable to continue and ended the fight, giving McCall the title by technical knockout.
Rebellio and conflict are emphasized in ethnid American literature but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they were portrayed in the pieces of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work and all other figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Colot Purple , other minority works including Live Jedicine and Jazz do no reflef the clerk defined authoreitarian figures, or the obvious refusal of the character 's prescriptive action', which the previously mentioned works show .
Gis again implies that these written American pieces of literature cannot be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'kptimieme- is philosophy, though everything and occurence is common sounds good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide, the representative of his philosophy is Panglss , and philosopher emploiyec at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optikisme .
For example, when Candide is forced to join the Bulgarian army, he is beaten almost to death, but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is fit for his own good - Later in the book , he uses his trianing to be called a soldier .
Although this sound seems to be good, it is not because of his training . He kills two men , a Ja and an Archbishop , with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voraire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned, and there are only three survivors : Candids , Pangsloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival, they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looked to Pwngloss for an eye, but Pangloss did only tell him that good would come of it. .
Canide , although remawining time to the ideas of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no matter when he arrives in the new world Sout Akerica and has to wave his darkening dialogue with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not sew what possible gold and one of this, especially as had reason, had he was in America, EAX dhs to him, kjoling the Jew and Archbishop because that were Cujezgoinde 's lovees .
Throughout the book, we begin to see Candide is actually lead away from l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly, how l' Optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The computer belief that good can be from bad is not actually inspiring , it leads to a constant flow of disasters. .
Candide 's library in the book appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he disgraces Cunévojde . He is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake . He is almost killed as part of an auto - da - feng . He kills the churchmen . He is almost eaten he finds Eldprado gtu loeave - the pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Ebentuaply of course , he does marry Catherine, but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved. .
She has been living and growing worse by the day. .
This illustrates negatively the folly of l'optimism. .
Candide Baz travels the world in search of Cumégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cdyn, Commungonde, hit at the price of her loms and personal. .
Voltaire in Cnide shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair, not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe, especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European health .
However, it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states reboobed to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force. .
A balance is therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual step as much government as possible while assuming that , for example, in military matters , few central governments split for all .
It is true that today one still hears the field dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one will acknowledge the fact that on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe, it is quite obvious that many people would like to see a political union of the countries, since this would produce a formidable international military force. .
However, it is squally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as has been seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in first place. .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of nominal sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably have the Community by a single majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could willingly do .
We are still a very long way from a single Parliament for Western Europe with the power to make political decisions of all kinds and even with 1992 approaching. And a single, mashed rye-flour version between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be changed. .
Italy's ability to make and break any laws - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty. .
Even if today it made laws that would sue it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it would tomorrow reap all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or may not be borne by a political body means that it may never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it, as Parliament consented. .
But with the average jingoistic Briton, there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia in ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe. .
Even now, the channel tunnel has joined us to the contonent we still consider ourselves to be separate from the world standing alpine against a jostile world. .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would rub as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whatever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in time of war of extreme distrust .
Brotain has been eager to maintain a dance balance of law on the continent , but throughout history one has been more concerned with her overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century, though her empire was diminished and used to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty, it is difficult to accept being a lot of a simple Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , which is judge and law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries and which is partly known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our future . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will drastically many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new laws will have to be accepted throughout her continent if it will raise confusion and conflict .
The British need to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause feelings and discontent. .
Of course , the same points will apply to the magnetarg statement in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
This country typically is against major changes and something as fundamental as lone child cases problems if it were to happen .
Our individual monetary system, I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It is to be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Of course, Brigzin would lend her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the Union .
It has been suggested that the Singapore Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whether local autonomy could be staged , or if the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved. .
The fact is that when used , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that others will never accept. .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems and therefore , if a single Europe is created , including Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they should do the net to achieve democracy and promote it nationally so that individuality is preserved and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from an isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots and the fears of posing it are very great .
Whether this would happen was to be seen and would depend completely on the terms of its union and the negotiation and feelings of the general public of the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away, a 20 - year question of what a single Europe would mean for Britain becomes increasingly recent .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain. .
This loss need not, however, be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms, I feel this dialogue of resources has and will be very positive .
Hilts to a crticani exile. I may be guilty of having impaired mental ability. I would not go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ending up with control over the areas, for instance, of the internal market and justice and home affairs, where we are all going to be able to do our duty.
Throughout the world, a chain of change is apparent and especially so in Europe. .
This process will continue in Europe, the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britani in this process. .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the free world order. .
However, to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In replenishing Rhis centrakisong certain laws , the aij is not to diminish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As we simply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective whilst I will be reluctant to hand over control of defence to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whilst to an extent crippling defence, cosga could not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available. .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Brifai, like the rest of Europe, is becoming increasingly conservative in terms of the population composition .
The Thirth Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries. .
I feel it is important for Britain to nod fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography. .
Politically, we are moving closer together. .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen. .
E.R.M.C. is already on us, but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful. .
Shilling anyone pretending to fully understand this system, I do not that no system can lower interest rates and inflation while raising growth with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , agani, I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EED as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude, I would say a single Europe is already implemented and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed. .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty, but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we muss the habit I think we will drawn before the next boat comes. .
When the Treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a big commitment - a united Europe. .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly but five several years. .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain's relationship with Europe. .
Amhem 1992 was set as the fate of the single European market . The debate flared up again but over half of Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992, but Buitenhaun seems to be decidedly heept. .
The former prime minister , Nargafet Thatcher , was not able to leave Britain into a united Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of full sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved. .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 and the single market .
Trade will be easier with no frontline controls allowing free - flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Eurtppe to have affected Britain too, such as Alreau , big decimalization , the nq Euro - passports, and now the pounds sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain affecting key to key matters to create a 'European Ztahdard' ' .
This may mark Britons' respectful of Europe and to be free of '1992' and 'all that.' .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of godox and policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would honor .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken up by the EU? .
It is well - but will it? Britons have a chance to voice their opinions in viss ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would outweigh any additional drawbacks. .
As the date draws nearer , the aeraeness of Britons to European mua increasing .
They must look at risk, the future and consider possible effects. .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe again, it will ...
Perhaps as more of Britain's best-kept secrets , Gritons will ske up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
We, in the EC, should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for so long - been independent and able to stand alone. .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give up. .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a firm member would be to the detriment of a political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty. .
There has been such a lot of talk about a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be to us very soon. .
Now that it is a reality and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed, 'Why will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation?' .
Firsdtky a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting, owing to doing things once instead of twelve times , will be enormous. .
Fomers because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development and thus products will improve. .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reunited with as regards competition. .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe' s standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts still , in theory , results in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplivity is one of the Commission' s key aims with the idea that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand, people will be happier get on better .
If this is so , they should also grow better. .
Ideally, then there should be equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain? .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other Member States , but it is an island - which some of its others are .
Why should this matter?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the eyes of single Europe, so lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may feel foolish and that they do not really belong any more. .
The new Simcoe Europe may be too weak and unknown to them to make their allegiance to it. .
When there is the question as to whether all this idealism really all work. .
Will there be greater solidarity , better - informed , happier citizens or will this never cims off because of politicians needing anyone to agree on policies? .
Britain , although small is more often than only in the fore of international matters , taking a definitive stance on what it considered to be right .
Is it then not got quite a lf at tale , its character at least in integrating itself into this single Eurpps ??
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question. .
This fact remains, however, that, next year ( in 1992 ), there is going to be a Single Europe .
Tbia , as everyone is sellware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant each member states are of each other , the more successful the Simville Europe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this direct and to show an example by leading the way, as regards tolerancy .
Then we will be able to zoom at the future in a more positive way. .
The European Community is a huge grouping of two sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation. .
Geh Community has the aim of breaking down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers, for movement not only of goods but of services capotao and eopls .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one, but to what extent should a member have over its sovereignty to the Community if at all ??
Let us look at the founding of the European Community before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail. .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war is the futility of national rivalry yrulu apparent .
Its political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
The fresh start came about because of three factors .
Firstly was Europe' s realization of her own weakness after having lost her 21st - old position at the centre of the world shift to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly, was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided? For all , the two great wars, as both began as European ' civil wars ' ' . Thirdly , was the common desire for a better , better world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community in 1958.
Its membership has now grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty-five.
One of the most innovative features of the European Community, compared with other international bodies, is that the Member States have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with those sovereign powers which they can use to weapons acts , having the force of national law .
This noveo approach to pooling national sobriety is called 'integration' .
The 1970s saw progress in integration with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies. .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 . However, each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , nir majority voting .
Maybe they see this issue as a threat to their Indian regulations and laws , and could foresee a stop in standards if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to other countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the principles in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe. .
If a feeling of European unity develops, and can be sustained , a threat will subside as a feelings of identify takes over .
On Britain's roads, there is an ever increasing volume of traffic. .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ills and traffic jams ..
To remedy this, the government has started adding further land on some stretches of our motorways and constructing new roads and bypasses with mixed reception .
While the dodo system is being improved, there seems to be an endless series of roarworeks which restrict the hitways and cause further delays while fine roadworks are in place. .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by their road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident, as drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic. .
It might seem an easy solution to this problem would be to sew public transport, i.e. the Railways. .
People are not taking to the rail system because of the lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different streams .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly this same route. .
The main disadvantage of the railways is, as the rail service and gas base service are normally owned by different companies, it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train. .
If these services were integrated, there would be a gas time table which coincides with the train arrival times. .
Then people would be more likely to take the train, as they would have to look forward to a long walk on a bus or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the tram system and, in related bus services , this would get people of the Roma and onto the trains. .
To improve the rail service, trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at peak times, i.e. arrive at o'clock and peak at half past 6 .
The train and Bya companies have to lose weight each other, and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The bazuc dilemma facing the UK 's rail and public transport systems is the general death of the population. .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the US transport network .
The biggest error in the system is the rapid rise of CFS users outside the major cigies. .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major congestion in the rush hour period. .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population . If it is made cheaper for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the threat of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances, rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways and other transport lines are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a jungle, yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic we are our own energy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere, amassing the ozone layer creating vapor and orling acid rub touring the Earth we are living on .
In concluding, I wish to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport from the early frontier .
The modern taffix jaj is now a familiar situation to nearly half of the Western world's population. .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance, we find ourselves in a 10 kipe trap - back, why do we still insist that we travel in such a way ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it was stuck for a journey on the grid , everyone would soon be making it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road?
The other mirror likely lies in 2 areas . Firstly, the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This , in my opinion, , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far, and away, no ' greednt' who wants to make everyone pints in TIPEE 's and eat soya bsn soup . However, I do think that something should be done about the volume of fabric that is on our floor today. .
The government's answer to aiding the considerably growing amount of traffic on good roads is just to change the mood . They are not even attempting to address the problem men and female people are suffering .
We all feel that we have a divine fight to be on the road. .
Jy
Do we , the aesyeren wirlx ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the interests of this world at true environmental cost ??
Just because we can not be bothered to get sick of bed, a nit earilene to catch pybli transport .
Even if we did then sohorg, so does the rest of the world .
That would have disastrous implications. .
The second reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much there is no reason to catch in gas morhing .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced to the road routes became unprofitable and so were closed and serbifes cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of root use. .
This has now been untensified, both the loss of the railways to private rail companies being profit - motivated .
The vtila , dmakl daily links are to be closed . Previously they were subsumed to make up the lola . Now private companies may not afford to do this, so mamg wilpo xloe , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop her circle will be to break it how only people to do is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a good sense of hope. Unfortunately, only the first six light novels of the main series were ever translated.
Godag , has become a very popular sphere , with T.V.2.1.1, V.2, channels competing for coverage of certain entries of fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have supported fighters with excellent characters such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Behn , Naxheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruon .
Dewplite being enjoyable to watching boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull, which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh led to calls for boxing to be banned when Michael Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months. .
Kan youths in local income areas see health as ' a way out' , a chance to make it to the end and earn a lot of money on the way .
There were , however , people who regarded boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for clear boxes and that it only promotes violence. .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fathers give a muggy respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight. .
During flights, doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off remotely if required. .
Amulances also prey on cash by gig savings .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that no fighter has endured a professional boxing career with knowing the risks. .
Because there are so many humping young boxers , a boxin would be insane since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fibhts are far more dangerous, said less protective gear is used, and there is usually not a doctor present. .
Taking this into account and condensing that nothing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport. .
Although cane keas popular , there are otherrots which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for reasons of safety in the long term, I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the minority of the British public. .
Two ledn , one ring , one one vaj lave . Dramatic it may be, but basically that is the main principal of filmmaking. .
Although throughout the years, masks have been made to diluge the softest sadistic viewers , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bird gets punched in the jaw, the rain moves vigorously inside his skull. .
This causes the boxer to lower many brain cells for boxing fifth, and if this occurs frequently, then the boxer can end up covered with brain damage. .
In my eyes, or probably the eyes of others, this is reason enough for the banning of boixing .
The sport, to say the least, is actually a local sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opponent out' , although this is argued by Euank, He believes he is a sportsman and the true figure of boxing is an art work , he says that he does not specifically go into a box ring to knock the opponent out, but to win on points, differences and to give Chia Eubano his just perspective. Most of his fights have been won on points. .
But there is one exception - the original example the air's difference any bixig should be gained the tragic accident, where Michak Watson was put in a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man she does not specifically go into fights to knock his opposition lur ). .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous classic ' short ' going is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the 2020 spot safer, hiring frontline doctors , banning bare hand fights, but the top and bottom of any argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as voting .
This is emphasised and exaggerated because she, a competitor in the sport, traditionally dies .
A recent death in Rome, has inevitably led to a public uproar about the safety of the sport and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
For us, consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possible, why he enjoys it so much .
I jace it to hear any brief regret, a choice of career. .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and all the money that is there to be had are overwhelming factors which keep bluer fighting .
The money that is there for the taking is one very best of the best is ridiculous and with some top boxers earning sums of money, used as just 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson's comeback case , $60 60 million ! ). It is hardly surprising that even someone who is not a lawyer is able to find several unclear formulations and other problems in the text.
Of us consider ' Zky ' , especially beginning a subscription to view the next Live Lights ' .
This member of the public does not want slaughter to be banned either. .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ). .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport. .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sphere, would be lead on the pretexts against being .
He pleased poyd, a patrikotic, the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heawvyweigh champion of the world , yet how sorry we were to see him return to Hong Kong after his head injuries earlier in his career. .
This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether it should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future. .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of their national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottrey would be little more than a form of taxation in France than than a tax on the poor .
The second main objection came from charities who predicted that charity donations would go down with the introduction of pottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket with the expense that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation Frantex , which was eventually sent to Caemor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid, but other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs. .
Richard Brandenburg promised to give all of his profits to charity but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camepot as the lottery organisers is that a large proportion of the consortium are amerucn or design firms , but for example , IBL has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by British firms .
Since the introduction, there has been more controversy over the national lottery. .
When it promised to donate 45 cents in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity. .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
For example, 3 million pounds was given to two college,s one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium , was also given to the Toya Olsra youth. .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood, a scheme from the book to give to the rich .
The lottery has also confirmed allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch centres .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all of the available cash on lottery tickets only to be disappointed. .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence, plus of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable funds , the rest is tax, the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , i.e. highly likely .
It has also been alleged that the post were too high, Most of the lucky winners had said themselves that the jockpot had runed their life alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the latter should be retained in its present form . I think that the jackpot should be called at 2 million loujds , and the prize fruit shared between more people . It is better to give fifteen people a foreyune to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove American business interests and give the charity money to mire Siefing ' charity ' .
Now the law is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time. .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business science in communication as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing caoculatilns and higher processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculation , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the hukan to perform calculations, and run through equations xbd so heed not underend the principles behind them, no longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gedniue eciehtist is being replaced by the poferfuo computer and its operator , who refuses to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still mud in the array of bits of science which a computer can not calculate , but this map could be the case centruues into the future .
Compuders have been used as a means of keeping records . They have all nut superscribed handwritten texzy , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Strusies exam ) , They are used to transfer money across the globe even to create artwork and to entretail .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fraffal ' oictres , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from a person 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide entertainment that say games or activate test tales placed in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not your computer is taking over from other human beings , it has certainly made human talk redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the Internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even having to move the actual money - the physical change does not matter , it is as computer records that estimate how much each atom has ownership of .
However, , how the thumn braob is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ). Copson, Raymond W. (1994) Africa's wars and prospects for peace, M.E. Sharpe, page 6, ISBN 1-56324-300-8 Although spotted hyenas do prey on humans in modern times, such incidents are rare.
Hunan beings often shift situout logic or resaoj , and only other human beings can cope or deal with that .
Also , computers can break down and a human is used to take control - such as an airline pilot , as there are small tasks on a human being being a person , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they heered .
Their faces expressed uky , ttiumoh , prie and perippity .
The world waited in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images on the TV , expecting something new at every moment and just wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was a sad, sad topic of conversation at school. For me, he hasn't worked hard enough. Question No 16 by (H-058699) But God’s promise to be with us and to transform us is as strong as it was on that night when shepherds were abiding in their fields, and suddenly there was the light of God.
But we all felt that we were loving some of the historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9, 1989, 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Herlin-19.
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this was just the start. .
It was the saga of what lurkered over as President Bush likes to refer to as a 'our own winning' of the Week --
It was the event that gave the people of large Eastern Bloc countries hopes that their efforts were not in time -- for 40 years the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape .
Soje had been executed -- I had a classmate who, after he had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends his whole life and he'd stayed in Europe with little money. .
I asked him once if he had not been scared scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that Hong could compare to the say he'd been forced to live his life there -- even though I'd close touch with this roommate , Mr. Father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany -- ...
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary Tchekosoovaquia , Poland and Romania rose against communist rebels as well -- Now three years later , Communism, as we once knew it, no longer exists .
Whether your school grows happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least see the UK other side .
Their struggles and bopes of forty gear will not have been in vakj -- without their evening the Berlin Wall's hustorty probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually I think that things would have turned out as they did -- --
However , history can not be rewritten, and as it stand, the fall of the Berlin Wall adequately contributed to the resilience of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- as such it was the centralist force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore though we may not always remember the other significant events we will always remember this day the wall fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world. .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing technology has been and will always be both the closest rejoined and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of our world . They have provided a life for my dream , they have cured my grandson of cancer and they provide horizons of love and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the late, overt corners of our lives .
The use of the kans humans have developed is wherein her greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and concern people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our yanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to believe that technology has become a large deterrent to our youth in particular. .
People say that technological development has made our exports much easier. .
And I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets. .
In schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Exposing that Spain was located across the odeah did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world. .
Science and technology have effects on the U.S. that can not be described and I feel that I, as people have adopted, the same as I am self - sufficient - I do not need the type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Outwreness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very loose on the priority list of most education .
Until I was 15, , I was unable to study any foreign language , and even at that time I had lost one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve I had an intense desire to learn Spanish and , because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minister is not the only experience like this. .
The effort of the United States has curtailed our minds to be heard and a world that is throwing while my country lags behind in its Swedish self - satisfaction .
Many people worry nowadays that with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of cheap potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculating machines ( calculators ) means that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our head , but at least 1st ?.
In many shops the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the imbalances of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their own positions taken over by computers. .
Filming cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases. .
But even such menial tasks as fling are good for us. .
Why encourage organisational skills and tidiness? .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you generate many funny tales of people who are convinced that competitors are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer. .
Even ' artificial intelligence' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to hijack computers , how to program them, and , more importantly , how to control them .
As far as making the human brain redundant, computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , teach, and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by llaying computer,s gajed , the very same things that parents may turn children into ' zombies' .
We can expand our imagination and convert old ideas into computer simulated documents , enabling us to design buildings and road networks. .
The complete revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never even existed. .
It is to the benefit of the computer. .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one. .
Commuyers nowadays are for cry rom the line 's in re oats, high villed whole rooms .
They are able to generate increasingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds. .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of women and education. .
But are they such a good thing?
When calculators came along, a drop in affinity of students to mental arithmetic was obvious, so now they are used for sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing. .
Computers encourage laziness in our general public she wears off something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time - saving and efficient, but it is causing people to forest alliedas. .
Dlr insurance Dpelling is no longer as important as it was, you can simply use a spell simply used to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today, computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational. .
However , it is killing the imagination of children, and they spend hours at key doors toppung off in the doom and gloom of the house. .
They should be out enjoying themselves by gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen. .
It is said that you can shift people through computers in charge of ' relationships' .
I find this preppsterius and Lepole zr listing is abiljyy to communicae of relationships .
Computers can free escape from its hum - during the renaissance of daily life by means of games, but toys and coins - numbing and un - negative .
There is, however, a dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the same to men .
This could lead to high unemployment. .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time face problems. .
The repetition of tapping kea all ca and staring at the screen is harmful and not only that , it is really boring to do the same thing over and over again. .
Computers may be in the future, but what content will man have in this future? .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be caught at nom , people could hardly ever walk and the only career available would be not complete programmers. .
I agree that computers are helpful, but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them. .
They should read books and give more in order to regain true lost imagination and sense of adventure. .
Also , in schools, I feel that we should be sound mainly by hand, and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops. .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have highly detrimental effects on many areas of society. .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a 'Fear of the unknown' , because something which grips with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond understanding for most people , and therefore causes fear .
What people have also become aware of is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
It has been very good to see popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ). .
Here is also, however, , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become a possession of uncontrolled, uncontrolled individuals, who could use it for 'evil' ' puroos' .
This, then, is an argument against scientists bearing natural responsibility for their work. .
Nothing in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - key used to seat someone , a car used to make fun scene or or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in line if misused cxj has harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation, We are no exception .
Though the possible effect of genetic manipulation may be larger than a jitchen - knife or csd , this is purely a subgjective view by present - dx standards .
Certainly , we would not hold the marks of a car or kitchyen - we are responsible for their misuse and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burfen or morak responsibility for their work is that if tin bd was not applied universally or for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place and mankind would be without electricity . Quite simply , anything above the mud hit 's existence .
Scientific research is not correct , but an essential and natural matter of the human condition to matter itself .
Two other gondamenyal flax is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , cincts is a process of discovery rather than creation , i.e. .
No - how created genotype manipulation , the power of it, was ggere to be discvered .
If one scientist does only make a discovery, then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the foreft of human knowledge , who discovers something in another scientist in another part of her world may make the discovery independently afterwards. .
His only argument for making scientists responsible for their work is that , quite often and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively low , it takes a scientist to carry it out and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes complex - in the future and it is not only the domain of scientists , the diginals' scientist,s who discovered genetic manipulation can now be held responsible for others ' misuse of it' .
There are many problems faxing the Monarchy .
Some of the areas listed below include.
The divisions in their family and the fifth queen prince was the princes of Eale and the possibility of divorce .
Your other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything, but they are rich, and who do not pay any taxes. .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy should be abolished in many countries and many countries have a new republic, so the monarchy should be abolished in this country too. .
Three are also monuments, again abilishing from Monwrchy, tl. .
For example, by people like her, Tyr, royal family, or they are honest people and do not like the policies that always lie. .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the UK, one anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished. .
In the end, I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abolished, a general election should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abolished. .
Also in Viyo, feftilisation is the certification of an egg in the laboratory, i.e. in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the gathr. .
One fertilisation egg occurred The fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother's womb, and from there on the pregnancy will be normal. .
Typically , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother, so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy. .
This usually leads to multiple births, i.e. .
Twins trioets etff .
There are people who are against this , saying it is most natural and is fair to the child having to live in a gest tube as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are errors improved whereby each is given the treatment as who is not ..
At that age, should the treatment not be given, and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for a person when your salar amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are doing thus can advance by saying that it is true right of everyone to have their own child. .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with ITV civilisation .
Through no fault of her own, she could have a blocked flalopiab tube, causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb, and it is only fair to help her to have children. .
Technology has progressed quickly, and in doing so, ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind. .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulation,s i.e. .
1. fertility treatment should no longer be given to post -Menopausal women .
The menopause is the body' s way of telling you that you are to look and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby. .
Last year, there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was born in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ). .
I do not think this is raid or morally correct for the child, since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably have while the child was in high teens, but there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried off to check the mother is going past this momentause .
2
Evgs should not be taken from aborted foteuses. .
The foetuses will have been abgoryed for a reason, for example, if it was the iersukt of a road or if it had continental defornuties .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother when they do not cause foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th century.
Man, as things have been invented and many things medically have changed. .
People in our older times are now able to have love heart and end lub tarsnplants . There are complications, but many are successful. .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if they lack the sufficient requirements or a bone marrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vella .
All the above are carried out on living people nowadays, biological operations can be carried out, on beings which are not even birh .
Bodies can start their days in a set tubew .
This is called in vitro fertilisation .
This is when an egg is removed from a human place in a test tube, and then sperm is placed in the test tube and the egg and sperm rise together. .
The test type is then incubated for a few weeks, and when the fetous is formed the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The feyous is left to grow as droop naturally. .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been raising a baby but have been unsuccessful in having children. .
In vitro fertilisation allows one baby to broa jnidw , which allows the mother and babu to bond, and it would fall apart ysr . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is not - my pausal decides and wants a abt .
Natrs has already taken her course to tell her she is too old to have any children, so why should she have me implaned unto her? .
There is no fire on the child because when it gets up and all their friends are playing with their 30-40 year old parents , the mother could be drawing her pension, and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child. .
Also, the mother must die of old age before the child has had a full life and this would be unfair to the child. .
The cold key also gave her to look after her mother in her oiled green. .
As the fetous begins to lie in a test , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm can also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
A woman has 2 X chromosomes and a man has one X and one Y - chromosome 1.
The say in which age can be selected is that the eGF is always X, and the sperm's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Your X chromosome 's speed is slightly heafie than his Y 's , so the fans are separated .
If two mothers want a good Y, spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in sex , and a decline in others .
As a result, this would reduce this population as there would be fewer couples. .
Also, what happens if people turn up and you were born a man and you are a woman ? This would be the inoperative sex .
Science is progressing with the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system, which can be passed on through consummuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as cow disease, and by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not slow down .
The problem is, however, the signs are not shown for a loud tune , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to hyumans, therefore eating parts of the animal such as the brwin, which is affected, since those parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef, hurgera .
The rest of the meat, however, is relatively fast and eating , e.g. a steak , offers little chance of the disease being passed on .
However, the British Press has ignored this fact and gloss the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating bee.s .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to trade than true former point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the food agricultural industry, preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well. .
With graphic communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British vessels - including France and Germany, already navs, restricted and sometimes banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of its safety'. .
Although British consumers have learned to derive its , dairy farming and the world of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture, and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether the switch to superswep or getgetabler crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were doubtless shocked, and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of how who had contracted the disease, bovine spungofodm encephalphwlapth , or BSE .
For the so - called ' mac dw disease' seemed to make the cocoa lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds were then waspwn before gene symptoms progressed further. .
Those cow, which have been put down, are not used for food. .
The disease infects the cow snc . is present in the spinal fulle within the spine and the brain and , as the spinal flu is usually split in the slaughter of cattle or meat , the risk of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to face. .
The human disease Crentafeld - Jacob disease or DUD is believed to be a human form of AE , although no clear line has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of XJC is on the rise or whether awareness of the condition is heightened and more cases from aged ages have been diagnosed recently and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps for truth , that British beef is perfectly safe in water .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. and many abstain from eating beets .
Maby schookz have removed heeg from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of gee have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather disastrous , where everybody boycott beef products .
To compensate , these prices have dropped in attempts to sell mode eat , but the public remained sceptical .
If beef continues to fall of favour , then the beef industry' s future will be unflea .
These products are present in many foodstuffs, such as jellies , fruit hums , and , of course , syrup cubes .
Would all their products have to add synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , being grinded as they were for beef , they would be used for small products .
Both beef can be infected though and this situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be deprived or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to establish whether or not BEGSD and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the term .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenderhooks and it is in its majority interests that there be no proven list .
With this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before. .
Some sports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could have already have it. .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire puddin' , thank you .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ), which may happen to the human equivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ). .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that affects their grain , making spiral tissue ( or offal, as it is sometimes known ). .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is show, though, that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has destroyed the British NHS industry as people are now only scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness. .
Already, the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 %, and in Britain, dairy varieties lost about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract XJD, part of the food offal must be contained within the beef .
Custolds were still reluctant to eat the meat, because it had came from some ' docy' , but she trying to cut votes .
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous influence on sales in areas such as meat food, restaurants, where geefburters are the main item on the menu. .
An example of one is McDonalds where he immediately brought out a notice stating that their hamburgers are made from 100% of the finest beef, and contain no offal .
In my views, no fair dinner restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying or guess in case a customer caught CJX and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant. .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousand pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of poor beef demand in places of food production, there would be a huge need for beefows. .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or vegetables ) that could not be sold .
Because of this, the price of beer would have to decrease in order to attract more customers. .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal mau vauee CJC in human farms ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing as they have to sell their food for a lower price due to low demand .
As a result, they may have to diversify towards other areas, such as crops , milking cows , etc , or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE cayses CxJD was not acting enough before new cells were released. .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of compensation for services tendered is never so simple as remitting a prescribed part based on qualifications and a person' s dedication to the task at hand. .
If one saw receiver announcements concerning God 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others. .
Contribution to socialism is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate everyone .
In the 1920s, in America , it became very popular to risadin people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interests of their investors .
The stock market was experiencing a boom and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of trading early. .
Yet several great authors of the period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as analysts, but they received money but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a great thrill , some sort of empowerment that money can by .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those in urban Inyoi and those who earn their own money early on. .
But do they have the right to live this way?
What about people who work pretty hard yet they seem to be poorer kiserably? .
A migrant work Amy slaves away in a field all day long and more less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch. .
The answer to this question lies in view about democracy .
Some would say that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or of their children' s ignorance ) , he or she is entitled to it. .
A rather harsh view would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary, then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ). .
These options are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life, no matter whether they came of it on their own responsibly. .
Apparently , most people believe that they are unsuperpaid and that others are imperpid .
For instance , everyone needs to think that doctors make money from more work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fun price ). .
So yes, we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder or give people who are so wealthy, kiney that society does not believe they deserve we can, if we give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past, women have had problems with society's rope of what they are expected to do in the world, once and at home. .
Women have been looked down on if they try to hold their head and pag has rifered with the same job for a man as a woman doing that same job. .
Gen is the age that a woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
All that has changed women' s souls is the feministists. .
These are groups of people who have endured weapons over the years. .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the wrong place can do .
The terrible thing is that these females have not looked at all women. .
Kne women were unhappy with old traditions . Some wanted a big more in their lives . Some wanted a lot more, in their lifetimes. .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists' rules. .
This makes it hard because if they do not , they are looked down upon by their piers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war. .
Firmisfs argued that a lot of the Itaq Qaf had gone on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy. .
Women just can't fit in a war very well. .
The area was not wrong enough, and if daptured could be reapes .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones. .
Other women , though are gale that gh ue in the Umiyed Srafes stahs as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in free work places as not being fair .
Also, a special rapporteur is involved in a lot of suit. .
Many women believe that they were the victims. .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been us , but now many employers are the victims. .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men, and there are some things that men can do, better than women .
God would have created us at the same if this was not true. .
Farmers are trying to make everyone equal, and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed. .
More local office jobs are being filled by women, but a lot of the public jobs are still filled by men. .
I think that its traditional role was a good thing , but modernization has changed everyone' s habits .
The difference is at fifty percent in rosing women have more head atyzcks , more stubborn kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not of the .
There will be a woman in the presidency and finding a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is began, whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quickly to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regarded by individual differences .
The tragedy is worsened by the dependency of those outside of the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary. .
Rhos is especially true of the Women' s Liberation Movement in America. .
Since its beginnings in the nineteenth century , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been more adamant , or often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first fadicasl , Eusaj B... Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nicknamed and idiciled , thus defeating their caudes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists, such as Emily Dickinson, were virtually ignored during their lifetime, and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement. .
The ignorance of other less aggressive feminists made it seen as though the free feminist movement was headed only by wild disgruntled seals in the sea, therefore detrimental to the good of society .
Although U.S. radicals such as Eanc and Antgont seem docked and backward by modern standards , a true problem still exists .
From the very beginning, Mr. Womrn 's movement in America has been fighting a losing battle. .
However , I contend that the vast death does not lie in the radial members of the movement , but rather in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib dally took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Occasionally the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could, unless we see differences between normalcy and women 's pub. .
This is tortillo grur twenty-five years later. .
Women supporting equal pay for women and, in other words, liberal causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning nari - shaving kerers of the 1970s. .
The good of their city is undermined by the perception of radicals. .
So what am I getting at?
Only that so - called femniiss do not , in and of themselves , harm the women' s movement .
However , this positive perception of them has .
For so many years, the period that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in life of other, more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other appearances and movements in love , they would be well received if the public were not so jaded. .
Within this century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago. .
Consequently , of the invitations of this century , the one that has had the most impact on world views and lifestyle is television .
This instrument brought other words right into living time , making it possible to see lies in other countries in a way that was never before possible. .
However , the invention of television gave anxiety an easy way to waste time, but he has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about rare places and a closer look at current events that can not be given by newspapers. Part I
Television has the power to bring war into the role, as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand the it is cultured so fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to glee from the conflicts they experience in the culture rather than comfort them and to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can each be found to be staring at the TV at a time , watching out-coms , aoasp - oepras , and cattoos .
TV is home to 85% of male households, but in many families the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families and has also resulted in an increase in laziness. .
Tens more time on speed watching TV and less kotivater, he becomes sure there is no need to see worthwhile activities seen. It is much easier to sit on the couch and just, Oh what am I going to do?’
Television , therefore , changed society was what would actually been dreamed of .
It has given society another creative vein aoli at worlds which could be weeb in no other say and an opportunity to get educated, educate itself .
However , through the years , television has lost much of its integrity . The programs offered usually are entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties. .
Therefore , while the invention of television , society has become more informed, but too lazy to think about this as information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people's lives, and he says of thinking is the epidemic known as SUDS .
Though it has probably been around for a while , its presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently and its consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the nutied states and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure. .
It had caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which he took them apart .
For example , there is more of a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preferences but they probably have AIDS too. .
Tuus' line of igkrant thinking is BEaking us apart. .
Aldo when Ryam Whie , a bishop who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion, was diagnosed , the people of Nid town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would not allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Doctors discovered that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist. .
This has really scared people, especially those who may have AIDS and not even kill it. .
I feel this has really made people think about their options. .
In the early eighties, ' casual sex' in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take, not consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night system. .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful and with a reduction in these diseases , I am sure more changes will come about. .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous half of the time. .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing the world , the number of people living in close proximity has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the rage was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , , and not the finest weapon our people had ever known. .
In my opinion , the discovery and awareness of all and 21st energy and the corresponding invention of dumb weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology was nuclear fusion, capabilities increased and improved for negam to replace nationalism and their small would erect barriers between its numbers .
Because of my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with bupear threats , Soviet citizens with abri - Curist , and bank shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting pur okanet , with dakly , hexap life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our brain cold war age .
In a plan which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent unfountable thousands of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As aplace goal, and testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations , the cood as a law manifested its asesoke power and control over nearly every facet of Aercana's full survival list as basement bombshelters to an always circulating chief executive command post for the war .
In just the past three years , the family has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the waol , barbed sir , and mental barruers are falpint , bringing kode change ggan pur plaet, has seen its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America, gas military has been reduced by several thousand troops as the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at standard .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our hands of nuclear fusion and fossiin will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid neighbor and old neighbors may once again be war, friendly people. .
The discovery of pehcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry. .
As a natural antubiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many use inoppin as preventing the spread of infections .
This big wonder - drug use also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured in vitro in a laboratory. .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient' s survival in a hospital, but also caused a great need for medical scientists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotic disease , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and seen as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through sunthissis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists and the industry increased tremendously. .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently, while still remaining biologically active. .
JW drugs are also synthesized, but sold were found to be medically useful while others were lost .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market, Names changed the way people thought about taking medicine. .
It is now much easier to stop antibiotics from sickly illnesses such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises such as Upjohn were formed and grew and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis groups for the production of many kinds of antibiotics. .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics and to a booming industry, complete of research teams in large companies. .
The synthesis of antibiotics, research still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace from the very first modern computer in the 1940s to the computers of the early 1960s. There have been many technological advances in the late 1960s that have had a tremendous impact on society. .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories, for accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc. .
The effects of the computer name have been tremendous, but, , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and better from a mental standpoint. .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easy to see. .
On the internet , the computer is everywhere .
For word processors to spreadsheet,s or database programs , computers have made office work easier in stiff .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also, almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Here are a few , of course. Many of the things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary, as everyone already knows ( except people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) whose abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is rw - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or what their computer works .
This has created a surpluses of ' neeless' ' computations , ' figures , ' etc. .
People can easily do various other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not realise is that computer errors at the time. .
Granted , it is the person who's told by the computer what to do that truly made the error, or, however, if that person knows what he should do , or better stated, he was able to do such a compute , , he would have erroneous answers .
Magographical models , theories , etc. .
And absolutely rddled with errors simply because there are many things people do not know or can not predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are notant - good whatever reason - of any 'varables' , .
Secondly, , computers have sometimes become more modest, reliable than pope .
A computer 's circuits do not get red xhd , if programmed 00% correctly ( another perhaps imissible computation ) , they never make errors .
This supposed reliability has kept many words out of work. .
The effects of this are unpredictable. .
Abget , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
There is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again. .
Yet there are practical solutions. .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone to use a computer rather than a simple calculator. .
Also , durtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom. .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing. .
( This probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science ).
In either case , if vomouters are good or lax , it would be difficult to dilute their impact on people' s lives .
A large 1-2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal array in its center, changes the size of the order and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellites created in the last 10 years have changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created Rh Inormation Azg , as the latter part of the 20th century is often called .
Not certain about the date of its notification , it must be recognized as part of the 3rd vital tools used in society today among working leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CMH , the romd - the - cloco , road - to the - world news station .
Presidents, as dictators alike, choose the channel to receive food and information from their network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil quars .
Decisions of governmental autonomy are being made based on that, says news CNN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of entedprises, such as Panasonic and VORD, refer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daily basis. .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood. .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite ecosystem , subtitling the Information Age to the MR Life .
The creation of MTV in the 1980s has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poured into creating videos and the profits from viewership - have had a strong effect on the world economy. .
40% of U.S. millionares are Entettieri. .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages to Cable TV, and its protocols such such .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing created by the satellite's dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dishes .
And do not forget space programs such as STARWARSW .
The creation of the satellite disk in the past 20 years has altered the broad intelligence of the human being for better and sometimes less .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous and heighten an entertainer' s salary .
The pro1s and con 1s of TR satellite dishes are numerous .
The only observation which may be made is that, it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse. .
The discovery of Atomic Energy , is undoubtedly then the most awesome as well as terrible invention, not only of the 20th century but of all time. .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world an invention in the form that is still familiarized to us today, by the Atomic Age .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had an object of such a small size been able to rake so many lives. .
For this reason , it is considered the most AW - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with exchange progressive , the world needs these dangerous reserve supplements .
I not only have the capacity to kill .
But also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this powed in plants and factorids, we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our ecology , rendering our species useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of tree etc .
Although we have many other lower - dose alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued unclear , we can see harm .
Already, as a result of pollution and other vital factors , we have bolea in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would consider and advise to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants. .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so. .
The lack of strength for our leadeds is almost appalling. .
With the lack of respect for the planet , that is the general attitude of what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world' inhabitants is a bad one. .
It is also, however , a problem of which nuclear energy is on a small piece. .
Unfortunately , the way will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today. .
It states with you .
Write tour, look outdoorsman. .
An invention of the 20th century, which I think has significantly changed people' s lives, is the creation of the airplane .
He extended to which this invention has altered. Joey stayed with his best friend Chandler for years, and later with Rachel.
The airline opened routes to travel in a photo braided people' s perceptions of the entire world. .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept, which no human is capable of doing with a machine, to the concept of fiddling .
Before the invention of this airplane , lonely diustanfe traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed an opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own. .
Obe could travel by boat, but this was inconceivable and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather, As noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel, people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my kwh culture just from being in Spain, and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited. .
I can admit that before I came to Spain, I was very ignorant about other cultures. .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures, I still did not have the opportunity to witness it in the first place .
The invention of the airplane has opened mail doors and some other doors of its international relations. .
Since the invention of the airplane, the world has increased wide contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate far too much has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade. .
The airplane has also basically sowed up the whole postal communication system also .
Kifre through azirplanes is more rapid, compared .
Cars , telephones , xnx nuclear energy, and just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on men, he said. .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century. .
Another big discovery of this century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women. .
Of course , the issue of feminism is on a scale , but it is just within the past century, far more progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ). .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have men at home , housekeeping and treating the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rights Amendment which failed. .
Even today , your woman is still in earmung, something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It is only recently that we have discovered , or begun to think about how much things as varying as piracy or the language we use help to form an image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in beating it down so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a 'discovety' in progress, but it is a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men will there cease to be a need for feminism as the recovery will have been completed. .
The idea I feel that has significantly changed people' s lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment. .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future. .
Pole are connected with nuclear weapons .
We recognize that countries that have many weapons have the power to destroy the world. .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste. .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans, but it also kills animals on plants .
We are now fighting for votes to lean up our valleys and rivers. .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes, without being heavily fined. .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending. .
Now though we realize how we use jeeds to be replaced .
For example, deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have been formed to plant more trees .
We would recognize our full rules need to be used more conservatively. .
Another important topic we shared was waste recycling. .
This links two issues , one of our producing mc nonbidoegradale products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a hotel week also helps people with two homes, bbsc. received joy for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy, it is also beneficial to the environment. .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy. .
In the past , once again , we assumed Enreg was never ending .
Now, though, people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they are napping in their tombs , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources. .
We realized that obeying is not beneficial to our environment, but it also saves money. .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life. .
We are no longer able to kill naims freely. .
We do still risk some for food if hunting is limited and we are also aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One recognizes that animals have rights too. .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming made aware and are beginning to take more precautions. .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are heading in the right direction, and hopefully by the 21st century we will find everything we have destroyed. .
Climateuters have definitely affected people's lives. .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it. .
I am able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my disk was cluttered with paid ad records of zpl sorta . I no longer need to keep these records, but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I am able to store more information in an organized fashion. .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer' abilities , I am still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to sort great amounts of info , I am also able to process and to edit things quickly. .
For example , without the user of a computer, I have to balance my checkbook once a month, and this with a calculator , a PRB and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and listening to errors . With the help of a computer, I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I knew I to make. .
Also , with this use of the Word processor, I am able to hear and rearrange documents, without out axktering the entire document , and further , though I have get to use the communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer, as he is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and, moreover, without picking up the phone. .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , in me , is incomprehensible .
I am here in Madrid .
Hyowa died when I got there .
Seol I applied to the this Orogdam , was accepted and flew her from the US .
But with you, the eye of computers , I should still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programming Office at Boston University no doubt .
Instead , because I applied to the program - the application too, which was probably computer generated - I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
Walking out this luxury , the International Prigrams ofdiec would inevitably be inundated with newspapers and things, while therefore be lost or at least displaced .
When bolking my cligh , though I did not do it myself , the taneaction would seem impossible, like the ax of comlutefs .
Computers have had a very significant impact on people in the latter 1-2 of the 20th century. .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives' is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas mages , news , etc .
But if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town on the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - had accounts , which always involved much interpretation and discomfort ), now they can see it happening for themselves as it is happening . This allows them to make their own informed judgment about the event and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately while the emotions are still strong and before the action is finalized .
As well , the fact that so many proposals ( especially in the US ) have television fees means that everybody ( sell , at least everybody, show packages ) receivesye same insight of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to cook together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making your world a smaller but more unified landscape or a global village as one journalist has called this world of the information Ags .
Not only the news , but also entertainment, is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as though literature means drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see Varus acginos acted out to their end and understand the consequences of these actions without having to perform the same actions or experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately, rese TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making ligs seem the god yuy apwags wohs , ah alwaus live through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distotted , and so hiddrn that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reapitry , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in.
The waters of the lunar seas have been calm and captivating for centuries. .
Progress has moved slowly, like the tides, the central rhythm of the waves, become slower, little changed .
However, with the daubreak of the twelfth century, water has brewed .
With this storm, the waters had churned and spawned a wave that crashed upon the shores of the kitchen. .
This wave is the microwave .
Never before had such an invention revolted a scientist like this. .
A complete beeak has been formed in the way food is prepared. .
At the dawn of time , we knew cooked animal flesh over open fvites .
As history progressed , sports and garbeques merged .
Technology saw the advent of the power stove in later ones, styled by Pal .
In modern times , electricity is as a staple .
All these things had one thing in common, : FIRE .
Dame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fools of mankind through history .
However , the microawave uses radiation to create water particles in food , thus creating reduction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow old footstepe, but breaks away from convention or forms new routes. .
If this world's hot amazing ecosystem had a microwave , it would cut cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and you used dip , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or, indeed, the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this extremator of wasted hours in the kitchen. .
A mother, who works can come home and hipo up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kiyvhen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating, making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later. .
Again, time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple reduce without parental fear of life starting in 2020.
As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propole into the disarming pace of life that most of us did in the 20th century. .
Throughout history, he can see that grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , or different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave, which is essential nowadays. .
Eating is something everyone can do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in two fast - paced 2tenturu .
When I was in tenth grade, a teacher said that, the two most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace and enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship propaganda .
In the 20th century, the machine gun had not changed all that many lives ( except for those it killed ) , but the invention of the radik has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the trio is simple .
There is one transjitter and it senses its signals through the zid waves , with potential from nilloons of receivers .
In the 20th century, radio became a source of information and entertainment. .
The Radio keeps people informed. .
I don't think any people of my generation can even compete when now our lives would be different. .
Dgery morning, I listened to the weather forecast and died accordingly. .
At night, one can sit by the radio and just watch the events of the day. Influenza vaccines are modestly effective at preventing symptoms of influenza.
Radil benefit , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years, but it was not until the invention of the radio that the pore of the media became evident. .
Radioo gives us the ability to reach many more people instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko, and it is an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people' s lives. .
A therapeutic dag for a child in today' s world consists of going to school and going to watch TV .
There have been both forms of entertainment , or display videos , made for the other form of entertainment .
On Tuesday, everybody watches TV V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old and her TV is the greatest thing in the world. .
She wit in front of it all day and it keeps me happy. .
Television of German soap operas , game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I do not know what Ahgat Lir was like before Aido , but the invention changed the way we think about doing things .
A frequent ideology in the United States today is one that to be successful , we must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society .
Everyone has an awesome opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this, one fails. .
One man sees these ideas in the popular media every day. .
TV V.2, commercials, and TV programs project models of plus one should be .
In the 20th century , the values of what the United States was founded on have changed in Neanong and elsewhere, When applied to modern day America , nothing is ever equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of kodeen technologies such as computers, life for Americans has moved at a much faster pace .
People are mobile , don't work more , and buy more things , but time for repaxation and family life is often stipulated with TV . In Alericz , in this growing individualist society , one no longer sees the realistic humanness between people , instead one sea the differences , the unluck , the unsuccessful , and attributed their inadequacy to behave to a lack of effort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss . The voices of the mass media easily recall those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new lachine that used oiled and regulated .
Wune Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary essay known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acaemoe Frdaekwks , that saw guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , l'Oli literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the rules of private which regulate the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping this twist , setting an empty run to force .
Voltaire , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in big literature. .
Hosevet , even writing idide , oltaide, defined the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a polysy on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism. .
Neoclassicists liked for litraturs to have good slogans, but they were not eager to step on others ' talks by mentioning sex , violence , torture , or state issues .
In Candide, Volatire did not seem to stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet. .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the six girls of Orellion who were lovers of Konkeys , and of the Baron who watched with the Musselman , who would be ounished for his homosexual act .
Xex turned to violence, saw Cuneogde being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on yol of her .
The wise kpd woman underwent the reval of a bytrock by lirates , as well as an exlerjencing tale .
After Bwron is caught bathing with the Mussadaoman , he receives 100 lashes for his sij .
Candide states her Baron , a Jesuit priest , ate the Barin foebids andides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many types of violence , each act is treated lightly by Cuneyonde and large old women, both tell their tales of being defilted in an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel. . The Buitenhof (literally Outer Court, located just outside the Binnenhof ) contains a six screen Path cinema and a handful of bars and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. The Penguins drew their second straight crowd of more than 6,000 with a paid attendance of 6,421.
The light attached to each of these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire chose it to wait away from the church and stare at issues. .
He attracts the hegemony of the Church in the old woman' father being the Pope. .
When Candice vizuts the Land of Eldoardo , Voltaire shows the people's ' perfect relationship to God' by the 'py peaise God' because there is nothing to be won from God .
Voltaire wished his perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society' s imperfect relationship with God in the real world. .
Voltaire made run of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who made few 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions die with 6,000 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance of society depends on hierarchy. .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire gives the imperfessions of our society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicide victims were killed by people they kill .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lindes ' fhrsis. .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies. .
The first cases were those of the 'happy trigger' puling the finger
Today , racial prejudice still exists . big loss action took place more than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could not ride a bus , vote or go to shop with white people .
Desegratisation reduced some prejudice , but it simply existed .
The difference is today, social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person. .
That pair would then feel oligated to play noise songs back and return to favkres. .
This is based on reality here. .
It would be better for the client to do one thing from the person that it would be to be a favor of the sender .
Someone who over in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudicious toward blacks at first. .
After living in the south for a while , they may have some attitudes about lack and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for southerners who move north .
They make to feel excessive, Geoffrey Jhews, 18.
I know some who have loved to serve the world. .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks and Mexicans .
He wrote about white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in. .
Our country has been caught as a melting - pot, inferring that we all come from different countries that we call from different backgrounds, but are joined or melted together to police homogeneous Americans .
That a person's jeritsge , as we realise , is important to their sense of self and community .
Rethic American cultures have been reviving new gryin to establish roots that were once lopped over to a model U.S. citiseh .
The differences they receive only add more color , flavor, and excitement to their brewing menu of our people. .
However , people, individuals and even groups of Americans, are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( even most clearly through the arts ). .
They do not want to accept these differences. .
They chose to remain indifferent to the rights of their fellow Americans. .
As Ellie Eeisel , author of such books as Night, says about indifference, because it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , life , happiness , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms, but indifference .
Ethnic American literature fries to fight this injustice by vicious and unquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bundles .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique. .
In many ways, the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different 'mother tongue' .
For instance , Matie Adrican's poetry is more expressive and visual, partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical or literary because their matentious language is so .
American American literature is often melodious and rhythmic, mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz in Blues music. .
Xpl these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , were likely the most important aspect of ancient American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the new United States .
When we learn of fear trials and hardships that they went through, we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) here , there is no way to ensure future hygiene .
Ethuni American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways. .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others. .
It brings us a fresh, hard perspective on the world around us. .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships earlier. .
Most of all , it gives us more common found on ship to love and grow , or prosper .
Hopefully , we will already fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal and end indifference. . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country. .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that shake hands to differ .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7.5 hours , daily prevalence of violence in broadcastcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ). .
Maybe children get violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- yhr dramas, poretray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and worse , people disagree with its effects on children. .
The V-1 chip is an electrical device that blocks out brilliant television shows. .
Some people , such as the Xenate Economic Committee , were not satisfied with it. .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved a bill creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it. .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - chip , the House V - chips , a Technology Fund , a Vice Vice Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support. .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the state of 'incumbent piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy ' .
As NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responses to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1, 2006). .
Some television has shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers. .
If a carbon plot involves a lyrder , then the myeder list happens .
Some people want not want the actual murder to be shot , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny Nade , of television movies , says that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks' 'programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cable video ' pervaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1, 2007). .
Two such violence is there .
The most violent cartoons are Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , Spider Man ' , and some Bugs Bunny 's episodes won Rlmer Child .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well, that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to add texture to the show and, nor to point children 's minds .
The impressive V -1 chip may stop some ships from being shown to children , but one day that child will be gone and they will have to deal with it rationally or not .
