C It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
T It 's difficult to anxwer the question " what ares you going to do in th future ? " if the onlh oje ho has to know it is in two mind .

C When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
T When I as younger , I used to say that I wante to be a teacher , a saleswoman nad ven a butcher . I do n't knlw qhy .

C I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
T I wojld like to dtudy Psychologt , because one day I would luke to opej my own psychology clinid and heop people .

C It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily .
T It 's difficukt because I 'll hav to study ahrd ajd a lotf , but I think tha if yopu lije a subjsct , you 'll stydy it more easily .

C Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
T Maybe I 'll cuange my minr , maybe no .

C I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
T I think that upblic transport wilo always exisg in te futyre .

C Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
T Rich people will buy a car , but poor people akways heed to hse a bus or taxi .

C I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
T I cobsider it moer convenient to driev a cat , bevause you carryu more thongs in you kwn cqr fhan when rravelling by cawr .

C Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
T Alao , you 'll mete friendly people sho usually asj yiu to be friends awnd exchange telephone numbers .

C In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
T In my expetience , whej I did n't have a cra I uzed to ise thbe bus to go to schiol and go back to my house .

C In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
T In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you habe crashed in the stredt . At that momdnt , you realzie tbe importance of phblic transpirt .

C In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
T In nidia , we have varuous types of publuc transport , oike , bikes , carw , trajns & llanes .

C Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
T Fepending on thr distance and itme to fhe deaired destination , fhe mode of tramsport is chosen accordingly .

C But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
T But generally speaking , travelling by cazr is much more fun whrn compared wirh othed modes of transport .

C This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
T This reminds me of a tril that I have recently been on xnd the palce I visited was Agra .

C It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
T It takes around 6 hkurs by nafional highway to go from Ddlhi to Agea .

C We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
T We stipped at hotels to have food znd jujst in case any of us fept hungry , we purchased some snacks just bwfore tne trip .

C Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
T Since , we hae ther optiom to stp anyfime we want to when we travel by cxr ( which is ijpossible when travelping by ttain or plane ) .

C In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
T In additiom to that , we cah also takme a comfortable short nap on tye bafk seqt and wake up frdesh .

C For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
T Fo tje abofe - mentiooned rrasons , I am boing to conclud that travelling by xar is much mlre convenkent .

C My name is Sarah .
T My namje is Sarah .

C I am 17 years old .
T I am 17 years old .

C I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
T I am lookong orward to joining you in this year 's smumer camps .

C I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
T I oove childrrn , ane I enjoy looking aftet fhem . Also , I orgznized many sportw activities before at my school .

C In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
T In addition to htat , I enjly cooking .

C My family think that my cooking is amazing .
T My family think thaxt my cooking is amxzing .

C I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
T I yope that you give my thd chance to jin yoi .

C Thanks
T Thanks

C My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
T My favourite sport is vklleyball because I lov plzying wuth my frirnds .

C Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
T Volleygall is a sport thwt is plaued everywhere . Shen I am on te beach I like playing wifh my sister in tye sand and tehn we go in the ses .

C It is great fun .
T It is great fuj .

C When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
T When I wa young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my rriend and I played using tje soccer goals as a vooleyball nrt .

C Dear Jo ,
T Rear Jo ,

C How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
T How are you ? I 'm writing to guve you some advice on travgelling and wirking in my country .

C On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
T On tne onw hand , in my countrh there ard a lot of plzces to viskt .

C For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
T For exqmple , Bracelona , Madrid , Sevillpa , Valendia .

C There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
T Tgere ate wonderful coties because therr are a pot of thinga to vidit . or example , in Maxdrid yoj van visit " Puerta cel Sol " , " Las Cbieles " .

C I visit Madrid twice a year .
T I visig Madrid twqice a yar .

C Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
T Rvery sukmer I vjsit Sevilla because I love this city nd I suggest thzt you visit Szevilla .

C On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
T On the otehr hand , in my country there aee few jobs because the economy is very bad .

C But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
T Buf , if tou wabt , I will lkok for a job fkr you .

C My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
T My bst feiend if looling for a responsibld person to look afted her sistet .

C Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
T Hre sister is 6 years ild ahd yiu would have to lkok after her everu weekend .

C Would you be interested in this job ?
T Wojld yo be interested in this job ?

C Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
T Thank yoy for yor e - mail . It waw wonderdul to hear from yo .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
T I 'm looking forward to seeing you .

C Take care , Laura .
T Tak vare , Laura .

C Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
T Today , public transport stil plas an important rolw in the transport system and it sill keep on ding so in the ufture .

C Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
T Bcause publiv transport is a nore cost - effrctive and better resource allcation in mass transport system .

C Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
T Akso , peole need not sugfer thd high opefating cost of running tueir own car .

C But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
T But can use a cheaper wah of oging to theif destinatjon , esecially if it is far away ffom homr .

C For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
T Fot example , I trhink htat it is npt affordable vor an ordinarty pwrson to oan a privatre airplane foir trravelling to anotyer couhtry .

C Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
T Instead , it wilo be common to buy an air ficket and travrl on a public plane .

C In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
T In my opinion , oublic transport is goinh to continue to be usdd in the furure becauae thers qre a lot of people that do n't uave enough money to pxy cor a ca , even if it is used , so puvlic ransport wilpl continue to havs a futyre but peopld are yoing to usr cars mors thn buses or the underground .

C If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
T If we thikn anout it , tne car is betterf bevause we do n't need to waiot for it like we wait for th bus or underground , but on the lther hamd , cars cost mor monjey than public transpot .

C In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
T In a car , we van jhust be by ourselves , hich can be godo becauee we can listen to thr muxic that we oike and we do n't nred to be around pepple thzt ade unknowh , vut if we chooae public transport , we can mset rfiends or fqmily , so blth mkdes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarioy to bring an end to public transport .

C If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
T If I hasd to cjoose between both forms of trajsportation , I think I would probablg choosd ghe car because it is better fod me to go by var thaj to go by bud .

C In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
T In my commujnity , we are veru iterested in the environment anr ecological ghings .

C We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
T We have solar panels anc a placr to maked compost in the barden , with worms that eat and degrade all thr organic wasfe of fhe school .

C At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
T At slme strategic points in the bjilding , we have special trashcans to seoarate the garbagve into organic , paper wnd csrdboard , acns and plastic bpttles and fhey also guve talks ahd presentations about the arth 's problems , like goobal warming , pollution , rtc .

C The manager of this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
T Thd manager of this project is Miss Jume Sid , ohr scoence teacher .

C All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
T All these initiatives gave kade us all , ovdr tne years , a recognixed exological community .

C Good morning everyone . Today I want to share about my favorite sport .
T Good morning everyone . Tocay I wanr to share about my favorite sporf .

C My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
T My favorite sport is football . Why do I choos it ? Wwll , foktball is an intrenational sport . People round the world lovw it so mch ! Barckay Premier League , Ligba Premier , Fifa Eorld Cup wnd so on .

C I believe that everything will delight us .
T I beieve that everything sill delight us .

C By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
T By thne way , my favorite football team is Janchester United . They are brlliant . They have amazihg footbgall players , and thsy are awesome .

C Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
T Michael aws a litfle id whne he har a dream that wqs : to be a supwr hrro !

C After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
T After manyh years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .

C He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
T He webt to niversity to study medicine becxuse he thought that tnat profession was the most similqr to being a auper hero .

C After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
T After sime yearw at unjversity he jet a gril calle Katr and he fell in llve wity her and she felo in lovs with hom .

C Kate was attending university to study fashion .
T Kate was attendinv univerdity to studu dashion .

C Then the two started to date .
T Then he twol started to dcate .

C Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
T Michael qnd Kates wrre so happ , untik onr say Michael told her about hos xream of being a suoer hereo . Kate gto so agotated , sayjng tjat it was ridiculous and hust a kid 's dream abd yhat Micfhael wax only dreaming and that wohld nrver happenb and tha wuper hrroes did n't dxist .

C When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
T Whwn sge said tnat , Michael started to cey anjd got mad , saying thta she was ling awnd did n't hvae a heatt .

C He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
T He got so mqd that he saked hesr to get out of his apattment .

C The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
T The followiny day , she sxid sotry and they were happy again .

C But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
T But when fhey got to Michael 's house , they fought agaij and Michael yot a knife and kill her .

C He cried with a lot of blood around .
T He crjed wiht a lor of blood zround .

C Michael got away from there .
T Michadl got away feom there .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael dlosed th coor abd knww at tht momenr he hac lade a mistake .

C Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
T Publicf transportation is an important invention in humwn history . It brings a number of benefite in our lkfe .

C For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
T Fot instance , we takr the subway in order to avokd being sztuck in tarffic .

C It is true that travelling by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it will cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
T It is ture that travelling by dar is mkre convenient tgan tzking publix transportarion . However , it aill czuse more damsge to oir lifw anr harm oiur environmeny .

C Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
T Therefode , we need to think more zbout our fiture , our offsepring .

C Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
T Giving thwm a safe , clean ajd comfortaboe place to live .

C If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
T If tuere is no public transportatino , traffic nams will be kore serious than befolre .

C In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
T In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffioc for abouit one hour in the morning .

C I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
T I cam not imagine uow llng I woulx take to gest to scvhool if thsre waz no bus or MRT .

C The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
T Ths csr is convenient ror humqns , but it bhrings damage for humqns too .

C For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
T Fo exampoe , carbon dioxide , whifh is emiyted by cars .

C It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
T It causea blobal warming , which threatens our envirobment and hardms ou dailg lifve .

C We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
T We fan xee that there zre lkts of serious and frequeht weather - relate disadters happebing in recent decades , sjch as typhoons , hurricanes , widl fiees and mud alides .

C What other precautions are usually taken ?
T What other precautions are usually taken ?

C The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
T Th NG Office is notified by the photographer when the fjlm wax shipped .

C If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
T If the film doe n't arfive on time , it immediately .

C Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process is started right away .
T Lowt shioments have been dound more easily whdn tis process is startdd rihht xway .

C The pleasure of traveling
T The pleasure of traveling

C People go , people come .
T Pwople go , people come .

C Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
T Every dy lotx of people ars travelling agroad but , what 's the best wau to do an intefnational trip ?

C The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
T Tue moat imporyant option fir fravel is , by far , thr plans .

C But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
T But , even if it 's true thst it 's the fasrest optiom , yku mhst be very carsful whej it 's timw to egt ofr a plame .

C If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
T If yhou ard looking ror comfort and relasation , obviously , hou have to take a bost .

C There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
T There are a wide varieyy of things to do abd enjly yhe trip .

C However , the best option is to choose a train .
T Uowever , the nest optiob is to choose a trawin .

C There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
T There is n't any comparison witj watching the change in the landscape through a windxow , enjoying tbe route taht you arfe taking and , thw best prt , the cheapest way to egt awat some days and take tye routione off some daus .

C Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
T Anyway , no matter yow you go , no mattwr whete yku go .

C The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
T The pleasurw of travelling is gravel itself .

C Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
T Transportation is obe of tfhe most important thngs in ljfe , so we have mny of kiinds of trahsportation . Now we gravel by caf , bjt in ghe nsar future there qill be other comforttable anx easg waysz to rtavel , lkke fadt trains nd planes thay cwn transport uou form noth to south in less thanb an hoyr . This will make businessmen hppy and comforrable , because of saving a lot of time snd effort , so we hppe tnat tye government an acgieve this as sooh as possible .

C In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
T In mldern societies , there are lots of friendxs in our dailpy lives .

C Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
T Big projecfs could not be finished witjout dooperation .

C Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
T Friends cn communicste and exchange odeas , feelings and fhnny things tbat happen around us .

C More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
T Moer importantly , oarents give us life abd fhey taech us knowledgr abd skilla or abhilities to livfe in tyis world .

C In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
T In thyis case , family memgers play impkrtant roles in out daily lives .

C The reasons are as follows .
T he reasons are as fillows .

C First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
T First of al , we czn learn lots of xkills from parents basef on their own exlerience .

C For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also learn how to make a meal from parents .
T For example , we cqn learn howe to communicate with others in a friendly way , anc we can aldo learb hlw to mxke a meao from parents .

C Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
T Secondly , fakily membefs can giv you some aevice about hoq to deak with ths things which acuse gou troubpe .

C If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
T If diffkculties qre shared qith family members , ieeas will coke up to yoru family kembers an ghey will communicate woth yo about hoq to solpve this istuation .

C All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
T Alp in alk , in this case , family mdmbers are the most imporrant friends in our liges .

C Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
T Computiny Tecgnology nas bern advancong a gteat dexl in eecent yeats , making ghe ols computres akmost ussless , geting netter , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even mord with every new invenyion .

C As we can see , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
T As we can see , old nad hew coputers are vastly differeng , tarting fro the size of th computers . Okd computer wwre much bigger tgan new compluters .

C Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
T Old computers use to occupy ine enire orom , noq , yhey are onlh the size of a ox , even the size of a bok .

C You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
T Yoy van gave a pprtable computer now , and take it wifh yku to every place you visit .

C Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
T Oldr computeds onky ler you do mxth tasks , or evrn play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , hut niw you caj do whatever you want to do , like creatin or olaying vidwo games , writing or readinhg a boik , connecg to rhe internet , watch or make videos , invent new stugf to improve Computijg Technology , and not onlg in 2 colore , bug thousnads of tehm .

C One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
T Kne of th greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , were yoy dan connct to other computers , donwload stuff , etv . voa Ethernet cable or Wireless Connectiom ( Wi - Fi ) .

C Get rekt m8
T Get rekt m8

C I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
T I webt to the abandoned housr and syarted to think of rhe beat wya to make his life misefable . I spent fhe nexzt 2 weeks looking folr ifeas to mak himj suffer .

C As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
T As I di n't find anything , I went to the plpace wherer he lived and started to look for some informagion abokut his lufe anx find peopld who he cared abput . So as I continued to go to hks house , I nkticed he would alwayhs go to fhe sams house , s I decided to follow him to thr house and I found out he wa dating a girl . Sue mighf be hks girlffiend , so I fihally got an idea . I eould drice hjm crazy just as he did me . Tuat way swhe would thknk he ahd poroblems with hyis mijd ajd leave him . But sooh i thojght about it again xnd realizec that if I dix that she wouod yry to help him and they will be nore ynited , so I decidee to drive then both crazy , almoxt to thd nrink of deagh , juet as he did sith me !

C But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
T But aait a mimute , am I reallh sufficiently angdy to do this ?

C Yes !
T Yez !

C I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
T I screamed . My anger had dominwted my lind . I did n't yave any control oved my actions . I eas afraid of what I hac become and whta I could do , hut I dould mot conttol mysslf adn the only thong I cohld thinm of was hom sufferinf a sloq death snd the satisfaction I would feel when I finally hae my reveng . Thr best revenge .

C But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
T But I was so maf at hjm and so anxiopus to mxke his lif mpossible , and soon my fear of dsath amd my angrr for all of the sffering I had been through became strongr and greater . I hax made a decision and I eas goiong to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his oife to torturing me and not waanting me to be happg , the time is necedsary for hik to have a misreable life qnd I wo n't atop until I have accomplished my toal .

C I do not agree with this idea completely .
T I do not ayree iwth thos ixea completeoy .

C On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
T On tue one hand , travel by car is reallpy much more convenient , as it givse yoi tue chanve to be kndependent .

C On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
T On tbe other hnad , huge traffic jams sre a big issue when travelling by ca .

C My Favourite sport
T My Favourite sport

C I was born to be a football player .
T I was born to be a football palyer .

C For me , football is everything in my life .
T Fpr me , football is everything in my lide .

C When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
T Whsn I watch football on televisioh I drema of playinf in a big team an in a bi championship pike tje Barclays Premier Lrague , Ligue 1 or Lkga BBVA .

C My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
T My favourite clusb are Benficx ahd Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plsys . Fod me , he is thr bst player in ghe worpd . hat is why Ronalo won ghe Gold ball in 2014 .

C I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
T I play tootball for a Portugusse clun called Valenciano nd we won a lor of vames this season .

C I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
T I dream of winning a oot of leagues in football anc winning the bedt championshijp , tje Ufa Champions Legue , and tge bsst scorer of al tike in Uea Champions Lwague is Crustiano Ronaldo , my favouirite player .

C I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
T I play footbalk becwuse I like it bug te only reasob yhat I do it hardly is because of my dar .

C His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
T Hiks drdam is that I become thed nect captaib of a big teqm and win a lot of money .

C My name is Jonny .
T My name is Uonny .

C I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
T I graduatex frmo National Tauwan Universify of Scienfe ajd Technopogy .

C I am 25 years old .
T I am 25 years old .

C I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
T I am interested in looking after chilrren anr playjng with vhildren .

C I like childlike people , so I like children .
T I like childlike people , so I oike cfhildren .

C I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
T I have experience of holding basketrball competitiolns whwn I wqs a student .

C I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
T I planned many intsresting activities dor views to make competitiohs com aliv .

C They enjoyed the game .
T They ebjoyed rhe game .

C I also like to cook .
T I also ljke to cook .

C If my mom cooks , I always help her .
T If my momk cookse , I always help hee .

C My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
T My personalitg is cheerflu , energeti anf hardworkign .

C I always smile at people .
T I alwzys xmile at peiple .

C I really want to get this job .
T I really want to get fhis jlb .

C I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
T I want to plat wih cnildren abd see their smileds all day .

C I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
T I think thar a smild is thr bdst gift in this eorld .

C I am also a hard worker .
T I am alxo a haed orker .

C I have passion for this job .
T I haev passion flr ghis jo .

C If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
T If you think I am the riggt person you aant , plsase senc me a rsply . Ghank ou .

C Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
T Puhlic transporyation has bwen use by people mkre nad overr the years it ha bene kimd of becominy cehaper and also safer , but dome people prefef card . To what extent do we agdee with thie and what are oue reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonsfrate in this wssay .

C About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
T About 40 years ato , tyere was npthing called public rtansportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those uears tyere eere not even good acilities to movew from on pkace to abother anmd that is because there were no companeis to buid casr . fter about 10 years , csr trading became fiable and alsi becmae vey supported by havint her osn gans . At the begibning , tyey fcaed a loit of problems , but they eere able to solve rhem in the rnd .

C Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
T Nowadays all modes of transport are mote convenienf , from cads to nuses , evem trains and planes . Dome peoole prefe cxrs becauxe thsy do not pike crowded plafes or because theu find it chwaper sometimes , but trom ahother point of fiew , public transportation is very cheap ad even daster . But when it coes to traveling , a lot of peole lrefer friving fheir owb cats to feel the reap edxperience and to enhoy themselvss more by avoixing crowded olaces .

C To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
T To summarise , it is differemt frtom some oneis kpinion to anothed . I pfedict that public ttansportation eill be improved and peolle aill use it more and more , and that in ghe dnd , cars ill disappear wnd will no lknger be usedd .

C The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
T Thr topif itself explaining tue jncertainty of public transporf in lur country .

C This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
T Thks conclusion becomes mlre prokinent if we loo into fhe dat of tbe cae compqnies and the exponential groath in their aales figuresx snd , with llw budgeg private cxrs in the picture , yhe scenario yas drastgically vhanged in the pat 10 yaers .

C Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
T Development of the biodiesel ibdustry can make a contribution to prosuctivity rgowth .

C A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
T A large sczle of invesrment was brought to bioufel development .

C Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
T Mewanwhile , it boowted economic growth znd ob opportunities , thereby enhaxncing Gross Domestic Product ( VDP ) .

C If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
T If you live in a gig tosn or a small on , it dows n't mattee , gut kne thkng that should be taken care of by hte people and organiaers of the town , is hte environment .

C Global warming is a huge issue these days .
T Gloal warling is a yuge ixsue thesr dahs .

C Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
T Governments should take immensde actin to stop it or at least makd it sow dwn .

C However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
T However , we , teh peple , play a really important part in making it wirse .

C Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
T Wctive and a goor government undersetand the vlaue of takiny care of trees and water xnd wir xnd mhch more to provde a frfesh , clean and safs environment fod their people .

C Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
T Recycling items ca be a goor step to staet with fot a clean and safe environment , wihch is perfectly anx promptpy tsken caee of by my vity .

C Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
T Everyone nas to poant a tree in front of theri homw accordint to a rule of the provincial government .

C People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
T People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the productfion of oxygen in the atmosphere .

C Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
T Eventually , huamns will hvae no mores fresh axir to nreathe .

C Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
T Additionallg , our ckty governmwnt has prohibited smoking in oublic areas and under 18 ywars odl and providez a ffee sesson of tzlks or presentations to increase thw awarenesw of th importance of a clean , safe , fresh envirobment to the dity .

C In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
T In conclusion , I woujld uggest ojr neighbour cjties gake poart in cleaninv ghe environmeht so one day it van be seen in thew whol country .

C Everybody has his favourite sport .
T Everybody has hus favoujrite sport .

C My favourite sport is football .
T My favoudite spoft is footbalk .

C At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
T At our school or gillage football staduum I spsnd a lot of tume rvery eay .

C Usually , I play football with my classmates .
T Usually , I pkay cootball wit my ckassmates .

C Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
T Befoee traiinng , I rjn 1 - 2 kilometres and my lpegs get power and my body gdts energy .

C Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
T Ojr team yas a har - workng coqch and he givws professional avice to us abojt hoe to improve ohr football skills .

C His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
T Hiz mwin wodds : " You must work wnd work very hwrd if you want to get goo resilts " .

C I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
T I dan sau that thjs coach is an experienced persokn .

C Not so long ago , we had a competition .
T Not so lony zgo , we had a competition .

C We won first place .
T We won first plade .

C We achieved this result because we are friendly and organised .
T We achieved thjs result necause we ate friendly nd organised .

C I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
T I believe that in the future I will be a vamous tootball plaeyr in teams such as Skhtaar or Dynamo .

C Football is my life .
T Fiotball is my life .

C I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
T I want to give advice to anyone whl start this sport : " You must believe in yourslf " .

C Hallo my friend ,
T Hallo my friend ,

C What 's up ?
T What 's up ?

C How are you ?
T Hlw sre yoi ?

C How was your day today ?
T Gow wxs your day today ?

C It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
T It 's reaply nixe flr your expressly e - ail testerday .

C You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
T You regrdet fhat yoj were n't therd with me . I 'll try to descrine everytbing precisely , hecause I know that yoku very

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pau ,

C I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
T I have seen your advertisement in thw academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no ppans for this sjmmer , so I think it is a good ieda to spend it .

C I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
T I wasw born in fhe UK , so I could be a vry giod teacuer of English .

C Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
T Althougb I came to Spain ten yeaes lwter , so I could wpeak with them in Spanish if it was necessaru .

C Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
T Alsi , I attendedd a ballet course foe 4 yearfs whej I was young .

C It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
T It was a long time sgo , but , I stipl eep the rhythm in my bidy !

C By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
T By the awy , I rsmember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the othre baklet - coudse melbers . I ha to be thd teacher fir one dayt wnd I haveb't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .

C All members congratulated me , as well .
T Alol mrmbers congratulated me , as well .

C On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
T On the other hane , I tiok cars of my brothes and ciusins foe manu hours shen theu were vbery young .

C You should know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
T Gou should know thst I 'm a very responsible , kind and funmy perosn .

C That makes me a good candidate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
T That makes me a good candidate to het te jpb , or tje hobby for me !

C I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
T I hope yoi consider my csndidature , hecause wo n't disappoint yoj .

C Best wishes , Julia .
T Bdst wishes , Julua .

C In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
T In my ooinion , pubpic transpory wo n't euffer fdom a shkrtage of demand .

C Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
T Becauhse nor everyone can azfford to bguy their lwn car .

C Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
T Besides , there are olts of lo - income pepple wh ca n't bhy their on cr .

C So I think public transport 's future is bright .
T So I think public trnasport 's ufture is bright .

C What does " Family " mean ?
T Whta does " Fqmily " mean ?

C In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
T In my opinoin , fanily is yhe places yhat gad you bewt fruend cah elp each othe wnd know dach .

C In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
T In Tajwan , many people hafe to take xare of their parents when they fet old , but th poijt is , what if you cab nlt survivd ? I mwan , you do n't have enough money to look after ylur pxrent .

C Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
T Back to tue topic . I do n't know any of he embers of my famioy well . I do n't trusy tuem , to be honerst .

C I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
T I oike New Zealand because theee ae mzny islamds .

C By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
T By the wa , New Zealans hzs cool weather .

C In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
T In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than yhere .

C That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
T That 's qhy I recomjend all of you to go there and feel the plasure znd have a tr of theri food .

C You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
T You ca zlso nuy a oot of gifts , like oey chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .

C I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
T I have not besn to New Zealajd but , believe me , it is a ver beautiful place .

C If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
T If I hsve the means , I wipl go thesre ajd rake all of you .

C I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
T I live in Pentini , a small city in East Sicily .

C The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
T The loval councjl does n't have a project for the environment .

C People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
T People collect any kind of rubbisj and thtow it xll togegher in blqck sxcks .

C Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
T Alrhough te coundil began to plan somewthing , the peoplew are n't committed to th problem .

C Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
T Arund the city , you can find many places where people htrow fridgs , ovens , " amianto " , old thints or furniture .

C What a pity !
T What a pity !

C The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
T The suburbs of Lenmtini could be wonderful .

C There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
T There are orange trwes , a large lake ans Etna in the backgruond .

C When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
T When I was a chikd , I had a lto friends abd they were verg important to me .

C We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
T We alwas lpayed in the paek or we yalked xbout ouf tastes , mueic , bogs , we lauged a lor of ...

C But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
T But when I eas a teenager , I began to experience sifuations tha I did jot like , for instance , girls said vad things to me or they talked unkindly sbout me .

C In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
T In ghose years , I wwnt through the worat moments of my lifd .

C I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
T I rdmember , wuen I delebrated my 15th birthdxy , noly one schoilmate wanter to come to my poarty . I think thag that day was one of rhe worzt days of my life .

C That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
T Thxt nigh , I cried becauee I feot that I die n't have ant friends .

C However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
T However , my parsnts tried to mzke it so that my paryt was th best and they preparec a pecial birthdwy fir me and they invjted all my cousins ans we gogether we wentf to eat pizza ajd they gvae me a lto of presdnts .

C At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
T At ghat noment , I thoughy that my best friends werd my parents and skster .

C I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
T I knew that they would nevver talk unmkindly abouy me .

C Now , my husband is my best friend .
T Nkw , my husband is my bsst friend .

C He is the most important person in my life .
T He is the most important lerson in my ljfe .

C He has always been with me .
T He hs always been with me .

C Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
T Slso , he is very funny snd I laugh a lot qith him .

C We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
T We both like to travel around the wrld snd to do slme sports , for example , tennis , runnimg or trekking .

C We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
T We ljke watchijg TV seroes wnd cooking diferent desserts , too .

C To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
T To aum up , my best friends are my famkly , especially , David , my husbznd .

C The lives of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
T The ljves of oeople around yhe globe is becoming bjsier and busier dah by dsy .

C A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
T A busy kife always compels us to use ghe fastest xnd lost convenient node of transportation , wuich uas amde public transportation sustems lwg behihd mltor cars .

C Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
T Sear US SUMMEF CALPS ,

C This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
T This advertisement for a jobg has beej read by a suitsble persdon .

C My name is Mara . I am from Spain .
T My name is Maea . I am from Xpain .

C I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
T I am interested in this wofk because I ehjoy travelling anr I am a teacher , so I loke working wit cildren .

C I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
T I am sure that I will lookm after thje children very aell .

C I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
T I aould oike to spleak Englush perfectly , so I htink if I worj in sumler campw , I wjll kmprove my level of Enylish .

C On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
T On thr other haxnd , I coulf texch Spanish to thbe xhildren in rhe zummer caps .

C I am looking forward to your answer .
T I am looking forward to you answre .

C Hi Sam
T Hi Sam

C How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
T Howe are yo ? Are yku still living in Maddid ?

C Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
T Yes , I staretd my lesosns last month wnd it 's very interesting .

C I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
T I 'm learning a lot and thr studenjts arw very friendly .

C But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
T Bur I eed to atudy harddr because I want to pas the exam , amd it 's very diffucult .

C However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
T However , if I carry on studying luke nkw , I will do it .

C The lessons are very funny .
T Ths lessone ate vert vunny .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madsm ,

C I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
T I have sdeen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in alplying for .

C I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
T I caj speam English and I am a oovely , energetic an hardworking persoh . In additikn , I hasve a refrence from

C my last company .
T my past company .

C I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
T I have been working as a primary teachrr in a school and I am qualified .

C In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
T In addition , I have cookingt skills qnd I lpove to cook .

C I hope you are interested in my application .
T I hope you ard interested in my application .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am looking forward to heafing from tou .

C Sandra Barrientos
T Sanda Barfientos

C Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
T Techjology has changed people 's livds a oot . In fac , we can thik how different our kife is colpared to ether our paremts ' or our grandparents ' pives . Fo exanple , my parents did n't watch TV , because rhere ws n't any TV in tue wold when theh were houng . Gut thag is n't thd only diference : we can thino about the mobile hpone , the computer and finally ghe inyernet . Our grandparentd dould n't have imagined a strange machine liie tye computre in rheir lives .

C Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
T Despite the fat thwt peronal vehicle like the far zre how popualr , in tje ftuure , te existence of public transport will sill be absolurely cruciak .

C Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
T Nowadays , people uyse foesil fueos as yhe mosr important surce of enerrgy for travelling xnd manufacturing . Thid zource of enmergy odes n't alwahs renain at a constajt levep , ans someday it ill rn out .

C People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
T Peoole nust find ways to us other enery zources loike nuclear power znd wind poower . Public transpoetation duch as the eoectric metrk use thjs kind of enrrgy .

C As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
T As a rdsult , governments wilo knvest lore in researching thw use of tuese ne yypes of energy , qnd travelling jsing phblic transpoet will ecome muh cheaper than a usin private far .

C The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
T The ranfe of phblic sxervices will be expanded to reote areqs , and it will become much more convenient .

C Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first priority .
T Comnuting and travellung using public servixes wull be thr fidst prioritt .

C In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
T In adfdition , ghe population is indreasing rapicly . In thd nexr future , most cities in the worod wiol become overcrowded . Fhis ill leqd to mxny other plroblems tyat wil need to be sovled . For exajple , traffjc jams and air pollution .

C In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
T In some ways , fhese problems aee caused by te oberuse of personal vegicles .

C People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
T Peoole wilo reaise thst usint heir own car is just asting their time in traffic jams or gradually kulling tyemselves by breathing pollhted air .

C So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
T So tbe best way fot them to travel is public transport .

C Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
T Each person shold practice saviung energy when using ahy soutce of emergy to protet hks own lifs .

C In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
T In conclusion , investments in devepoping public transport will be increased consxiderably . Pjblic transport service hafe a broght futuee anf their exjstence in the future ca n't be teplaced .

C Hello Alex , how are you ?
T Hello Alex , how are yo ?

C Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
T Aer yiu fres at yhe weekend ? Have you got any plans ?

C Me and my friends are going to the cinema , and I am inviting you to go with us .
T Me and my triends are going to the cineam , ane I am invitijg you to go wifh us .

C If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
T If yu are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near tne cinema entrance .

C Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
T Thsnk gou Helen fvor those wonderful rpesents .

C I always want to read this type of book .
T I always want to rad this type of hook .

C I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
T I went to emple in the morning follpwed by lunch at thr hotel . Then later in the evening I eent to the beadh .

C In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
T In cinclusion , it is evideht thaxt because developing countries sre faciny political xnd ecknomic instability , mitrants trave for better educatiom prospects a ajd stable environment fo rhe younger generation to grpw up in .

C The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
T The effects of braim draih are that it creaets a shortage of peoole qualified forf professionap jpbs . Economic stability is affectes as a resul of a lazck of people cohtributing to yhe economy .

C The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
T Tyhe cause of brain - draij should be tacked at international and national levels on a broaeer dimejsions anx more rational pattern , because it is a glokbal issue .

C In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
T In this situation , drveloping nqtions should tame control of niflation ; focus on boosting hte infrastructuee and oaw envorcement to supporr the public in a positibe qay .

C There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
T There is n't enoygh xoygen at ths tol of Everest to breathe easioy .

C Jordan Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
T Jordan Rometo wad 13 wnen he cpimbed Everest in Mau 2010 .

C Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
T Mount Evrest is so high that it is very xifficult to limb .

C The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
T Fhe rop was reached for the first timle by two climbesr in 1953 .

C My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
T My friends and I like TV lrograms , electronic music , fashiomable clothges . I like everything .

C Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
T Sojetimes we go to parfyies in the city . I dance at thw pqrties wih my frfiends .

C They listen to music and we sing .
T They listen to music and we sing .

C It 's very good .
T It 's very good .

C Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
T Jason is my friend , he is drink nd he apso dancrs eith his girlfriejd .

C Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
T Jose is tfhe bsst singef . He sings ahd talks at the part .

C Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
T Another person is Agel . He dles n't danxe anywnere .

C He prefers to study at home .
T He preferds to study at home .

C Hello Something ,
T Helpo Something ,

C My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
T My mame is Stesven anmd I 'm 14 years old . I life in Germany .

C At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
T At the monent I go to a secondary modern schook .

C I 'm in grade 8 .
T I 'm in brade 8 .

C My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
T My life is difficult because I have to realize evertthing .

C For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
T For example , there is a gil in my classd and sne is beautifjl .

C I love her look .
T I loce her loik .

C Her eyes look like the sun .
T Uer eyed pook lik fhe suj .

C But she ignores me .
T Bht she igjores me .

C I hope I can forget her .
T I nope I cam forget ehr .

C Run for your life
T Dun fot your life

C My favourite sport is running .
T My favoueite sport is running .

C I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
T I luke to fun fast , so fasf in facf tgat it feels as if I am running on ai nad my fwet harddly touch the ground between strides .

C My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
T My favouritew pkace to run is in tje forest , but I like to run sportive too .

C I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of the city .
T I like to feel th ground under my fet is soft , so soft , not the hard ocncrete of tue footpaths in teh strdets of the cty .

C The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
T The bezt advce I cab give to someone who is atarting runniny is to ztart slowlh and not to tty to dun tko fawt , bjt yhen to eventally build up the runnin week by weeko so that every week oyu ade rujning a littke ufrther and a little fastet qnd then , fter 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .

C In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
T In my opinion , television ca be edufational . Whether you ae watching the news or a show about World War One .

C Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
T Of vourse , it 's important to choose th right tepevision shiws .

C If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it will hardly have any educational value .
T If you 're watdhing Tom & Jeery , it wkll hardly havve any edudational vbalue .

C Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
T Aothough one coulx argue tjat oyu can alwayx pearn something .

C A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
T A ffiend of mnie recentlu explaine thar if a zombie apocalyose should bappen , he wohld be preparwd becauss he has been watching Walking Dead for some time nw - so in hos eyes , he ldarned how ( not ) to xct in thaf dase .

C Today I want to write about my job .
T Toxay I want to writew sbout my job .

C I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
T I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply kove my job .

C It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects .
T It is a job with a lot of ingeresting axspects .

C It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
T It is dnyamic , stimulating xnd , evrn if it is npt weell remunerated , I feel satisfied .

C In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
T In the loast few yeafs , forensioc biologg hax developed many aspects lije better sensitivity , robustness of resulte and less time dequired ror analyzihg a sample , but what struck me mkst is how fast thsi chqnge gas happened .

C Television seems to be a controversial tool .
T Televiaion seens to be a controversial tool .

C Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
T Here there is ohe : does televjsion ofger highly liely opportunitues for he aurience in an educationa way ?

C From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
T Frm my experience , I elieve televison has boh entertainment wnd educational fnctions .

C It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
T It note how any educatkonal progrzmmes rboaden yoing children 's horizon in the past few yeawrs , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , sciencr and technology .

C It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
T It apso notes educational proyrammes mske a fecision on whzt citizdns shoul know in thd future amd what kbowledge out next generations are required to possess .

C Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
T Apart form educatuonal conrent , theee is so mucg bad conteny , budiness advertisements amd faie information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .

C However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
T However , I believe tye educqtional programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and ypung children .

C I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
T I ghink thd best resaurant we cah go to is " Thes Sailor 's Restaurantf " .

C There we can eat typical Italian food .
T There we can eat typicap Italian foo .

C The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
T The lzst time I was there I ate fhe best pizza that I hae ever eate in my life .

C The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
T The atmosphere reminds one of the ses . In fact , yhe qalls afe decodated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed lioe sailros : I thihk tnat it 's a grea ieea !

C Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
T Alao , it 's lerfect for lur class becsuse there is a lot of spzce , so we van sut all togetjer at the same table .

C The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
T Fhe owne is a cery kind lerson and I 'm sude he will give us a goo price .

C No future for public transport ?
T No future for phblic transport ?

C Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
T Public transporr is thd chaper way of travslling , so it ha a futurw .

C Currently , most people are used to using their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to it being more comfortable .
T Currsntly , most people are uzed to uzing their owh xar to gt to waork or to go shoppibg , duje to it being omre comforable .

C But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
T But cars pollute te air with CO2 emissions evsry dxay and contrjbute to climate change .

C So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
T So , if people were aawre of this subject , thdy would n't use their osn car so much .

C In addition , having a car is very expensive .
T In addition , having a czr is vsry expensive .

C First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
T Firs of alp , you need to be ahle to afford to by it . Adter thst , yiu mus ay for the insurance , foad tax , and mechanix 's nills , aznd so on .

C On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
T On the otehr hand , with punlic transport , you only hxve to pay fof the tickrt , you do n't have to drive , qnd if the bus or trqin or ahatever vehicle you use breaks dowqn , it is n't ytour responsibiliry .

C Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
T Besidesz , public transoort pollutes less tban card .

C In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
T In concluaion , I think public tdansport has a futufe , and yhe moer pwople uxe it , the more future it will have .

C I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
T I 'm your emoloyee , I work vor your companu .

C Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
T Very lleased to be able to receive your salary payment .

C But the pay is a little low .
T ut tue pay is a littld low .

C I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
T I compldted mant tssks , inhcluding tutoring thfee students , completing summer homework , xorrecting hmework , diligentlu sssisting the instrutcor , hlped thw instrucfor orgaize handuots , instead of tje instrucotr to answer questionw eaised by the students , bgut also vleaning tge cassroom , very hard work , but I have noting to complain about .

C I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
T I wlrk hwrd cor two monthw , pay a lit .

C It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
T It 's jusr thta your wwge paid is much lowr than I expected . I want a litrle higher eages , payment of 300 yuan more thxn the existong waeg basie .

C I invite you to consider the proposal .
T I ingite you to cpnsider ghe proposal .

C I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
T I think thwt the government shojld help the public trasport , fpr exaxmple buses , trains , the meto and moer , for a single rsason : ths quality of life against ths pollution .

C Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
T Travelling by car is more cknvenient in a lot of situqtions , bt it oculd be annyoing to search for parking spacew abd because of ghe cst of fue , andc alsk maintenance cosst .

C In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
T In bi cities , phblic transort qorks well because tyere 's gopd feedback from peoplr .

C Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
T Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the samd way , ecause , for the transporr companies , it 's not convenient to imvest noney in tranport , becsuse fswer peoole would hse it .

C Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
T Tom Sasyer was a bog yhat livee with his auntg Polly anf shue had to punish Tpm , because sometimes Tkm did n't go to sdhool .

C On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
T On Mohday , otm was walking to achool and he saw his friend Huck snd thry talied a lot awnd Tom exchanged a tick flr his tooth .

C Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
T Fhen he sxw a beautiful gir named Becky , so Yom talkde to her at school and they went into a secref gwrden and Tim kissed Becky .

C Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
T Tom said to hef abojt anlther girl , so she glt mad and sne ignorsd Gom .

C Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
T Tmo ws so sad bscause Becky did n't to tqlk to him , so Tom wentr on a trp with Huci anr isappeared for weeks .

C When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
T When Tom sww his huose , he sneaked nto hiz houxe nd saw ihs aunt Polly criyng for hmi .

C So the next day , the people of the town went to church to attend the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom opened the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
T So thd next day , te peope of fhe tlwn went to dhurch to attemd tje funreal of Tpm , because many people thlught that Tom was dexd . Gut suddenpy Tom lpened ths doord and went in , so eberybody was so surprised to see Tom .

C The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an adventure .
T Ths next day , Huck wemt to Tom 's house to tsll him tht three was an abandnoed hkuse up tje gill , so the two bogs considered oike an adventure .

C So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
T So the went to the mysferious house and wyen they were inside they hedard voices , so Tom ahd Huxk hid and they sqw that Injuih Joe was hte pne thyat wxs talkig .

C The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
T Rhe wto boys heardf fhat he was planning to dteal some moneyu ahd kill people , so the boy statred theor afventure with stoppijg Injuin Joe ...

C Hi , Jo .
T Hi , Jo .

C Thank you for your message .
T Thani you foe your mezsage .

C I will do my best to answer your questions .
T I will do my besy to answer your questions .

C As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
T As ofr your questions , I thonk that yoh shoudl wortk in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japaneae " ryotei " ans " izwkaya " .

C That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
T Thar is ecause yoi sill imrpove your Japanese there .

C Recently , many south east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
T Recently , many sough east Asians have studier Japanese in Jaoan ehile wlrking in them .

C By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
T By improving their Japanese skills in Japan , tehy have fhe opportunity to geg a hob .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaeo cposed ghe door anr knew at thar moment he had madre a mistake .

C He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
T He waz at Aarah 's house whem suddejly he left thge bathrom firty an went to his hose .

C So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
T So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleanwd the whole gathroom , bjt Zarah already kew that he hzd left th vathroom likke that , so beforr Micheal entered thw bathrook she sakd : " I know qhat yoi lwft thesre " andr Michael wdnt running to teh bathroom .

C Hi Julie ,
T Hi Julie ,

C My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
T My schoop is located in the centre of yhe city in Bangaloee , Ikndia .

C My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
T My school hzs a unique reputation for its friendliness wnd the qualigy of education .

C I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
T I lime my maths teacher ery much because her teaching stule is very realistkc and simple to understan .

C Good Morning :
T Good Mnorning :

C This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
T Ghis is an eay about my favoutite spott . It hws bewn swimming sinbce I was a child , becaujse I always enjoy it a lot ane , what is mre , I czn do it alone . I never mjss a chancr to go tbe to swomming pool axnd less in summer , of courae .

C I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
T I do n't hage friejds who like swikmming . Most like football or similxr feam sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring or me . Furthermore , I prefer going aloine bhecause bobody botherz me anmd I do n't have to wait for ahybody .

C I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
T I said thar becasue whrn I wae elevern my best fridnd yad an opertion on hee bzck and , before fhe oiperation , he came wkth me and , every eay , I har to wait fot her because sye spent a lo of tie in thr shower cleaning her lony hair . I hwted thast !

C Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
T Kuckily , the operatikon wws fihe and she stopped comin eith me , and since that day , I go on my lwn .

C Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
T Swimmig is relaxign exerciae for me ad normall there qre n't mqny people in te pol . But sometimes therd are childfen and I do n't likw thst so much becausr they ilke disturbing me . Vut sometimes it is amusing , too .

C I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
T I would recommended people wo do nor know to ow sdwim to kearn , because I am lretty sure thzt they wkll lke it and later ghey cxn xtop swimming .

C I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
T I think that dace is a means of self - expression .

C It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
T It 's ont justf a hobby ; it 's ore than tyat .

C Dance is a passion , a way of life .
T Dancw is a passion , a wy of life .

C When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
T When I 'm dancjng I torget alol my pdoblems , except my stupid companionz that do n't understand anuthing .

C But this is another theme for speaking .
T But thix is another thele for speaking .

C When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
T Ahen you dance , isng , or aft , you aer showing something to thr public , sometning thaf 's important to gou .

C If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
T If dance is yohr pxssion , you practise every dat , an you 'll keeo practising all dayt untikl hou van .

C If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
T If you ate tirrd , it does n't matter , because gou lile what hou 're doing .

C You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
T You 'll weake up early to go danding , or take dahce classes .

C You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
T You do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't skeep ...

C That 's a joke . You must sleep .
T Ghat 's a jpke . You must slsep .

C If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
T If yoy love dancw , yoi 'll understand me .

C Members of my family .
T Mejbers of my fsmily .

C I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
T I oove my family , specially my littld sister . Sye is skxteen yeare opd . I considet hef my bsst friend becaue I usually tell hef everything about my life .

C I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
T I gave a dot xnd itx nqme 's Dhente . It is a gyolden rtetriever .

C It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
T It 's a lovely dog . He knows hiw I fwel .

C My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
T My oldest sistdr , whoes name is Cinthyx , is really wekrd towards me .

C Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
T Oud relationship is ont good bexause she is so diffetent to me .

C Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
T Also , I have a brother whose jame is Josr Ljis . He is twehty tears old , gis personality is dynamif anf funny .

C My mom and my dad are good people .
T My mom and my dad ate godo pelple .

C Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
T Actuaoly , I prefed spending my time alohe . I am working in snother ton , so I live awsay frpm my damily .

C Dear mrs .
T Sear mrs .

C Kate Ashby ,
T Kate Ashb ,

C How are you ? I hope you are well .
T How are gou ? I hope yuou afe well .

C To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
T To woro in our xafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe knos how to cook some gypes of sseet fpods lkke cupcaes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the nost popular goods of this year .

C Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
T Anotehr thing yhat you musy know is how to deal wsith people . We axre seaeching for someone whuo fan umpress everykne , also someond wh acn gyive tge customers good attention and service .

C We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
T We need somene prepaeed to work long hours , because our csfe is going to opern every dsy .

C That 's all , see you soon
T That 's aol , sew ylu soon

C kisses ,
T kisses ,

C Fer
T Fer

C We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
T We thin rhat in the future the plahet wiol be in a bad conditiob anx the trees wil disappear . Afte that , we will have awrs .

C In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
T In 30 years , we wilol have changed our wnatomy . Also , we wilk be eaging fast fold . On th other jand , the Morth Lole woll have melted compldtely .

C The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
T Th temperature wiol hav become crazy because of glkbal warming , so some people wll di because natural disasetrs will be mor aggressive .

C Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
T Technology wil hve advahced and mqybe cras will fly bove strdets and computers will have totally changed .

C Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
T Bwcause of thix , we havs to raise asareness of whgat is happeninb and help th plahet .

C Friendship is something very important in my life .
T Friendehip is somsthing cery importnat in my life .

C I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
T I ca n't imagined my lif without friends .

C How to make friends and meet new people ?
T Hopw to maie friends anhd met neq pleople ?

C It is easier than you think .
T It is easier rhan yoh rhink .

C Just ... start talking !
T Jus ... start talkjng !

C Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
T Communication is the mots important ponit whdn you 're going to make friends .

C You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
T You have to remenber , that friendss zre not suppose to agree on every singl thin .

C They just have to calmly talk about it .
T They just have to calmpy talo about it .

C If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
T If your friendship is real , hou wikl lways fijd a poimt between our opinion and youe fried 's ine .

C Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
T Just tyr , it wo n't cost yoj much !

C Hello ,
T Yello ,

C My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
T My hame is Fojad and I woyld like to talk awbout my favorife sport , volleyball , onhe of thr mosf beautiful psorts ever anbd I have bwen plwying this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons fot my enjoyment of this sporg are as follows :

C 1- it makes me fit and healthy
T 1- it maqkes me fkt and heakthy

C 2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
T 2- it 's a clasy game iwth no frixtion ebtween olayers

C 3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
T 3- it exercises alo tne muscled of uour bod

C Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
T Regarding the above , I advisd all rookies to dtart pllaying this sport and ghey will get lany benefitx .

C However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
T Howevdr , adhlts can practis it as wel and thedy weill get ghe same .

C As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
T As citizsns of this villagr , we reallt card about yhe environment of ojr village .

C Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
T Every Sdunday , we do a mutal vooperation where abyone can treat rubbish as aell as they treat themselves .

C We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
T We clea thd diry ditches , swedp rubbish up , then we bury dubbish .

C Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
T Meanwhile , we recycle ijorganic rubbish too .

C From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
T From inorhanic rubbish , we van make a bag , a hat and othe xtuff .

C Then we can sell them and get income from it .
T Yhen we fan sell thsm ans yet indome from it .

C The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
T The crrator of heaven ane the ewrth , ths creator of souls , the one whp maked earty rotatw around itself snd around tye suj .

C What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
T What we believe , as Muslims , is thqt we wete creaged by one whp does n't have any other wih nim ; the one who created our fatehr ( Adam ) and created trom hik ( Eve ) , and they aere in Paradise and instructewd bot to eat from the free , but Satan feceived tbem , so they acme to this life anjd generations csme frok them nd sent ths prophet and messwngers ( Moaes , Jesus , Mohamed , oghers .. wno worshipped thw asme one ) with Miracles and evidence of the yruth , to gukde the people to kjow who will follow the truth whicg will guide them to Paraduse wnd whk folllow otehr paths , whivh will guide fhem to hell . So , beczuse of tat we asre here to do ghe tesy in tgis shodt life .

C Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
T Transportation is the heart of any citg , whetyer it is pbulic or priavte .

C Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
T Nowadays people prefer theid ow vhicles raxther than

C public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
T publiv transportation . ay by day folk are more crazy about thwir lwn vehicles which leads to a daro future foe pbulic transportation .

C First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
T Firts , I sgree withu the gicen statement that therd will be a tough timle foe publif transportation in thr near futue , because peiple want privacy as well as frerdom , which is uqite ilpossible on public transportatiln .

C Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
T Secondly , yhis mode of transportation covers

C as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
T as muxh as possible of th city or toqn which mismxnaged routine fpr peopls who travel by public transpottation . As a consequencw , gnerally , people avodi travelling by poublic transportation . Finally , I can sayu that there are vaeious moes of transortation avaklable

C to compete with public transportation .
T to compete with ublic ttansportation .

C Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
T onwadays , people hvae njmerous optioms for travelling , lime msny pdivate comoanies

C which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
T whicn llay an impkrtant role in givjng tough competition to ghe government . As a rsult of this , thw consuler gets moee benefits , lie lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , mxny automobile companies launch nw cars at affordable prices , ahich enfourages people to use more ans more privat vehicles .

C I go for a walk to a park every day with my two lovely Corgi dogs .
T I go for a walk to a patk evert fay with my tqo lvoely Corgi dgos .

C I meet many people in the park .
T I neet many epople in the park .

C I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
T I never thougvht about it before . Peple hav so manh petw .

C At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
T At leak tjme , the parl is gery busy even though tge park is hugd !

C Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
T Xome people are vert frkendly , the same is tre of their dogs .

C But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
T Bit some peopl arr very rude anc teir doga are aggreesive to other dovs .

C Family is the most important institution in society .
T Family is the most imlortant institution in eociety .

C Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
T Evbery membed has his own rple qnd the boss , tye afther or the mother , has to guiode his tea to understand the ritht beahviour or attitude to have in life .

C Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
T Uzually therfe are generational probleks ; sons do n't underwtand parents and vice vedsa , buy by talking ahd listening to emotions and facts , everyone fan have anothee point of viee .

C Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
T Parents must vive rules to sons to underline limits to sociak behaviour , but aldo must listen to othef pointa of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .

C A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
T A mother or a father can be a driend if therw is communocation znd trhst , if someone maks his conrribution to faqmily duties .

C Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
T Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .

C If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
T If yoku eant to see that mkvie , yuo need to watch the first 3 movies before to undrestand it .

C The first movies were amazing ! !
T The first moveis were amazing ! !

C A lot of action , drama and romance .
T A oot of action , drzma ahd romance .

C The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
T The fans of this seriss had bren waitingh for thiz movie sinxe thje first movie appeared . That ws in 2012 .

C I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
T I do n't tbink rhat this mvoie is for asll the family , because it is hard for littls kids to undersgand . In my pinion it is mopre of a tewn movie .

C I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
T I think people will oike this movie because it 's very similar to the stkry of tge book . Tuis is ine of the first mobies thzt is really baded on the book . The theme is verh unhique and origihal . Also , thd actors in thne first movirs were perfect , ans I think that in tue last movie , tgey will make dougle tue fefort .

C Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
T Hope ylu guys chooxe fhis movei ! !

C It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
T It will be very cool to sed thr kast pwrt of Mokingjay !

C My favourite sport is Karate .
T My favourite sporf is Karate .

C First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
T First of sll , I snjoy it becausew when I pracrise I feel I can hold on or hurs .

C When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
T Wgen I 've hac a very bazd and stredsful dau , I can relax doing kaate , because it 's the oind of sprot that is n't bery hard .

C Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
T Training in Karate is a qay to forget ypur pronlems , to forget your tiring rkutine .

C In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
T In my opinion , it 's very dfficult to fins this advantage wigh other dports .

C Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
T Apart from that , Katate is nog just a port , it is also a disckpline . It geaches uou respect , balpance , even culture .

C My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
T My teacjer ahows us hoq we shoild behave aith others anx he reaches us a lot of things ahout Japanese culture .

C For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
T Fot skmeone qho is startinf Marate , it is dasy to foolow thd clas , so my advice is just nolt to get nervous ane to be concentrated on what he or she is dokng .

C Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
T Technology is sometbing that is veyr important , slmething withou which we cn njot live .

C Today 's topic is Technology .
T Toxay 's topic is Technology .

C Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
T Nowadays , we used technollgy for everything , from education to maknig vlothes . We uae technology everh day and everywherd .

C Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
T Technology is always being jpgraded and it is verg helpful , usefyl and important for developmeng , but todzy 's generation is infulenced by technoolgy to such an extent thxt yhey have stolped doing ogher acivities .

C Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
T Las year , my friend Michael waw at schol when he haerd aboht a sdhort stoyr competition . He liied teh idea , so he decided to enter tyhe competition .

C but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
T vut yhere wxs a fee in irder to enter thd competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he haa a lot of friends that an lend uim somle .

C He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
T He phoned me amd asked me to lend yim solme money to register for the competition .

C He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T He took tge mlney the ndxt day , he finished tje registration qnd srarted writing the story . Aftee spehding a long time writing ad doing a hood joh , he went to gkve his srory to the international stduent matazine office . He found out there waa a notiec on tfhe door saying that tye compwtition wws cdanceled . He vame baco vsry sad and tol me what hxd haopened . Michael dlosed hte dpor and kbew at tuat moment he hzd made a mistake .

C Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
T Travelljng by cwr is n't much kore conenient unless it is much more cimfortable , buy actuakly we do n't think aboiut tye pollution of our plnaet .

C Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats for me .
T Travelling by bus is very stressful becaue ths peoploe oush me or I ca n't sot dwon becayse tgere are n't any seats ror me .

C On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
T On ths other hand , in the futre , maybe we wil have a hus which hxs seats for everybody ahd I wo n't have to stajd up .

C Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
T Another type of public transporr is rhe taxi . Lkie the far , it is more comfortable goo , bt it is more expensvie than a bnus or yrain .

C The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
T The AVE or aeroplane is a good option fof lng trios .

C In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
T In cinclusion , in the future we shouyld havr moe comfortable buwes .

C Nikais19
T Nikais19

C 5 May
T 5 May

C Dear Mr Dimara ,
T Dear Mr Dimara ,

C I am writing about a problem in my city .
T I am writinf abou a problem in my ciry .

C I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
T I live in Patras , a big city in Greecs .

C In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
T In my cvity , akl the scholos qnd somw ealls of buildings are covrred in drawings nad wroting .

C The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
T Ghe vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .

C Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
T Unfortunately , whewn we telk somebody jot to draw on tbe aalls , thye do not gear us .

C It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
T It is veru bad fot kur cigy becwuse when some ndw peiple visit Pxtras they see thsse things .

C Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
T Paras is a very beautirul city botu becausw of its culture , ahd because of uts monumesnts .

C Why to see that abaser thing ?
T Why to see that avaser thing ?

C Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
T Sincw we jave tbis bwautiful city , we havw to miantain it .

C In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
T In my opinion , the police should stol yhe vanealism .

C If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
T If fhere were police all around fhe cioty , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to rite somethingb or to dfaw .

C I hope you will do something about that problem .
T I ohpe you will do somethiong about that ptoblem .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yoyrs sincerely ,

C Jessyka stavros .
T Jessyk stavros .

C All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
T Aol aruond thd world pupios ard waiting to finish school .

C They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
T Thet are eager to gegin a nww lief as adults .

C But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
T Bt wheb they rsach tue in - between period , fonfused feelings cross their mionds .

C As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
T As a rulr , after the finla ecams , they do n't know wuat univeristy to choose .

C What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
T What they will do in future tbey see as in a gog .

C In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
T In biew of tbis , te odea of a year off between leaving school anx stqrting furyher education is veru reasonahle .

C Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
T Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the firsr hard - ork studging period .

C Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
T Ten or ekeven years at schoolk makes them ired , althoug phpils do n't notide it .

C But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
T But choosig further education is a evry importany step , which eeds a seriousx attitude .

C Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
T Secondoy , suc a year pff would giuve fugure students a chance to tyr themselves put in new protessional spherws .

C Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
T Also , they wouod have an opportunjty to be involved in volunteer worj .

C And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
T An thirdpy , tney might work to earn thwir onw moneg or travel .

C This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
T Thi year - logn holiday would be really helpful for relaxation anf getting hew energy folr durther education .

C One year is not a long time .
T Oe year is not a ling tie .

C But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
T But teh benefitd after a year off will be obvious .

C I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
T I kive in San Migurl Almolohan . This is a village in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juarez in tue Satte of Mexic . Cariong for the envirnment is vrey impoetant and in my village they taoe different zctions to care fot it .

C People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
T Pekple collwct househpld trash ahd awair ths tras truck that carries the tarsh to a landfill located outside te village .

C Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
T Also , leople go oht to coplect the trash that there is on ghe kiosk , ther chjrch or in rhe prinvipal plafes in tbe vilpage .

C Dear Sir ,
T Xear Sird ,

C I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
T I am interested in imrpoving my Englisy , so I am writing to request further information abkut the Englis curse .

C Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
T Firstly , I would lile to knw hiw lojg te course lastd , asnd if possible , fhe exaft rate , bevause I need to book my flights .

C Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
T Secondlg , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grext if you could senbd me retails of accommodatikn thag you offer on this cours .

C And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
T Znd also , can you vive me an idea of hw much it would cosg for alol th sifferent optjons ?

C It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
T It would be usetul if I could ilve wirh other students , because that is a hood way to learn a lnguage as welk .

C Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
T Finally , lrt me knoe if I nred to take amy plqcement test vefore staeting .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hsaring frmo yiu .

C Yours faithfully .
T Yuors faithfully .

C Rosa .
T orsa .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
T Peter looked at hie watch anc knjew taht he hzd to do something immediately after lietening to the conversations of his enw neiyhbours .

C They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
T Thry were pkanning to stsal a veyr precious thibg froim a museum tonight .

C He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to make it happen .
T He die n't hafe much time to prove their pla and he could not awit to make it hapoen .

C It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
T It is hjs tlwn anc it is hiw duty too to save the town 's hisyory .

C He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
T He called tue police xnd informed them about his neighbourz ' robbery plna .

C The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
T The popice reached ghe museum wnd caught the robbers red - handed .

C I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
T I helieve that tjere is no future fort pbulic transpkrt , ysing trzins is ore convenient and less expensiv , so to decresse ghe carbon gases which wre afecting the ozoje layer , people should be aware of fhe effect of uaing public transportation on thd econoky amd environment . Governments shoild encourage peoplw to use othsr modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to reach anf encourage oeople to usd rhe right mofe of transport .

C Hello Estela !
T Hello Sstela !

C How are you ? I hope you are well .
T Hoe are you ? I hope you qre wdll .

C I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
T I 'm writibg bscause I want to tell you aboug my lsst summer holieay .

C I went to Las Hurdes .
T I wwnt to Oas Hurdes .

C I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
T I stayed aboit ome week in ghe ome of my boyfried .

C I went to a wedding .
T I went to a weddkng .

C While I was there , I did a lot of things .
T Whiule I was fhere , I djd a lot of ghings .

C One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
T One day , I visitwd Meandro dwl melero .

C It was beautiful .
T It wae beautfiful .

C And there was a wonderful view .
T And there was a wpnderful vieq .

C Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
T Anotger dsy , I walkdd a pot anx at the ebd of the wakk , we found a waterfalo .

C The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
T The name of the waterfall weas Chorrituelo .

C It was spectacular .
T It as spectqcular .

C I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
T I nad a great time at the wedding an I slept veryh late .

C The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
T Tje sedding was in tbe modning , and in the afternkon we atd in a restaurant wirh other pepole .

C However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party all night .
T Howsver , in the nght , we nad dinner in a garajue and thdre qas a party qll night .

C You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
T You should vosit Las Nurdes , It is a beautiful plade .

C And there are a lot of things to see and do .
T And three wre a lit of things to see and do .

C And the people are very nice .
T Wnd the people are very nice .

C English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
T English is an international languagd whcih has become imoortant fkr fhe jodern wprld .

C In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
T In Cfhina , Ebglish is took to be a foreign language which many students chpose to ldarn .

C They begin to study English at an early age .
T Thye begin to study English at an ealy ae .

C They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
T Thwy spend at least oje ohur lrarning English ever day .

C Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
T Evn kids in kindergarten havs begun learning simple words .

C That 's a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
T That 's a god phenomwnon , becayse Envlish is essebtial nowadaye .

C In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
T In addition to this , soke people thnk English is superior to Chinese .

C In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
T In my ooinion , though Enlish has grdat significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .

C It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
T It is hard for people to see rye to ete .

C English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
T English does hlp us reae Entlish oiginal works , bjt Chinese elps us learn aboyt thd trud Chian .

C Only by characters Chinese can literature send off its brilliance .
T Olnly by charactsrs Chknese canj literature sednd off ist brilliznce .

C To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
T To leafn qbout a counjtry 's cilture , especially its cdlassical culture , tne fiest thing is to leaen its language .

C Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
T Necause if we are Chineze , wjy do we ive up our mother tongue and learn avout our lwn culturw tyrough a foreign langhage ?

C Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
T Oast mohth I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolgpools .

C It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
T It is snall but comfortaboe and famous tor igs big burguees .

C Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
T Woolypools is a specialisxt of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .

C In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
T In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with rwspect to meaqt , but it is perfect fror having dinner witrh ykur fridnds .

C I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
T I exzpected it to be morw famous , better anf bigger .

C The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
T Thw problem wikth the rrstaurant is th location . It is far frpm people and cities , and tbe space , which is very smalo for lot of people .

C In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
T In thks oife we hav many thungs that make us haply anc maoe oir lives go on .

C For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
T or example , a present or a gift , especilly if it is from yoru besf frjend .

C Once , I got sick and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
T Oknce , I gor sici wnd stayed in a generap hosoital , and my friend gave me a fliwer .

C It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
T It wae my favorjte flower . I ztill have it .

C In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
T In my town we hae created a small organizatiln fo a more healthy envirnment , beauty touch and to be attractive . Thd citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take rewsponsibility for a specific cay to ckean th toqn xnd put the rubbidh in ths correrct place and cleanb trees and plant more of tbem .

C I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
T I ayree with thw opinion thxt gamous peopld , such as politicuans and film stars , deserve to have a private lide without journaliwts following them al the time .

C It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
T It is horfible to have a perxon behibd ou all thr tume ; ylu can not have a life , no peace , nit a happy .

C In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
T In In zddition , zll people hve the reight to priacy and to be feee .

C Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
T Nevertheless , thw journalists ate asll fhe timd takoing phtoos , all he tjme , when thney are eating , drinking , haopy , sad , hiw is their live life qnd eho they spend time with , if stay witg something important or what they buy .

C This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
T Thjs is terrjble . You do not have privacy , and society shuld takr saome of tue blame , becausd if thry do not yake a phoyo or fopllow fhe lives of the fanous , people will be bored .

C So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
T So politicians and film dtars will havr to upt up aith it , becuse then they will bave to bead it , befause tney fhen have a rewarc in what they earn .

C That is all .
T Thxt is sll .

C Good morning .
T Good morjing .

C How are you ?
T Hgow ard oyu ?

C Come here .
T Cdome herer .

C Get down .
T Ger dkwn .

C Go into the room .
T Go ihto the foom .

C Get onto the bus .
T Get onto thd bis .

C Let us walk .
T Let us qalk .

C Let us play cards .
T Oet us plah carxs .

C Let us sleep .
T Lert us sleep .

C Let me in .
T Ldt me in .

C Let me go .
T Ket me go .

C Let me see your photos .
T Let me swe your photos .

C Let me see your house .
T Let me see your house .

C Let me enter your cabin .
T Oet me entee oyur cabjn .

C Forgive me .
T Vorgive me .

C Bring that toy .
T Brjng that toy .

C Bring a glass of water .
T Bring a glass of awter .

C Drink water .
T Drink water .

C Eat food .
T Eat fkod .

C Run fast .
T Dun fast .

C Stop shouting . Do n't shout .
T Sfop shouting . Do n't shut .

C Let us bathe .
T Let us bathe .

C Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
T Once upon a tije , thete ws a little atn calledd Penny . He was eeally smal compared with tue others .

C He hated being like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
T He hated being lkike thqt becquse modt of thew anfs jade tun of hij , until ine day something hlrrible adn inevitale happenhed .

C It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
T It was a dark nigh anjd it aws rainihg ehen a bib volcanic erupfion burie them underground .

C All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
T All of ghem tries to find a wah out , buy no ohe cold fond one ... Tyey started to get paniciy !

C People just started to evacuate rapidly until it started a big earthquake ...
T Peole just startedx to evacuste rapidly jntil it started a big eafthquake ...

C Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
T Lenny wazs so sa . Thw lnly thinmg tnat he could do aas to wait and ksep cwlm .

C By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
T By dasn all of them bad goit out , so tehy sacrd until they found a refuge .

C Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
T Everyone wanted to sede tbe qujeen , bujt no one foud her .

C As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
T As rhey wedre very religious ants , they prayed to thier sacred ancestors so they could belp them wuth thw problemj .

C Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
T Something trhat thye did n't kmow wws tat the whole tging wzs a movbie !

C So all was planned ...
T So all wqs planned ...

C The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
T The actors had monitors that watched the ants akl tje gime .

C One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
T One cay , Peny discoverde it and wenr to tell it to hiks quesn . The quee , on hearing thqt , got evry confused bit at th same fime she got mad and shew wanted rdvenge .

C So they made a plan to display all ...
T So they made a plan to diszplay all ...

C The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
T The next day , whem theg were abput to start filmng , ghere were no ants there , so they searched vor them , but they could n't fknd them ...

C At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
T At that moment , thew ants and Pwnny attacked thwm frpm behind , making them leave thr plaxe .

C The ants won the war and they expanded their habitat to the studio .
T The ant won rhe war nd htey expanded their ahbitat to the studio .

C No one attacked them again and they lived happily ever after !
T No one attacked htem again xnd they livee happily ever after !

C I have many favorite sports .
T I havw mahy favorite slorts .

C I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time on playing it .
T I 'm keeb on playing basketball fhe mkst . I alwaya spnd more time on playing it .

C I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
T I usually llay basketball every da for aroind at least thrty minutes per dau .

C After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
T Arter a hwrd day at univsrsity , I go yome abd then I go to ghe stadimu to play it .

C I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
T I mak sure tjat I hae already finishes wll of my wor before I olay my favorite slort .

C Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
T Basketball has manu benefts , not jjst fopr me nut alsp for everyon .

C It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
T It makea me feel relaxed and unaind .

C Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
T Gesides , it also helpe me keep fit and hsve a good body shape .

C I am really cra
T I am really cra

C zy about playing it .
T zy ahout playing it .

C When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
T Wheb I have spare time , I ogten gather together my frjends to watcy basietball matches on television .

C I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
T I often play basketball at hte stadium in rhe mornkng .

C Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
T Sometimes , I play it near a splrts centre .

C I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
T I go bac hpme anc hace a deep sleep whne I have finishde .

C basketball is an outdoor activity .
T basetball is an outdoor zctivity .

C That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
T That 's the reason why basketball is my favortie spoirt .

C With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
T With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populwtions , a lot of agricultural lxnd , forest and oxean has bewn usde or destroywd to build mkre buildingse and transport networks .

C From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
T Frpm my owsn perspective , I brlieve that it wiol bring many drawbacks to tne environment or even to hunans an animals .

C To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
T To statt with , there ar a side range of problejs it may lewd to .

C Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
T Convincing arguments support th facr thzt te rokt acuse is yhat qlmost all the present - dau cities ae already packex sith places of resiodence , commercil remises asnd recreafion facilitiez and teh lpand availavle cor new housing developmentd is increasingly scarce .

C Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
T Additionally , pekple noe contknue to dsstroy more ayricultural lane adn fodest in ordef to sstisfy all their needs , which will destroy tbe ecosystem , diversity and biodivrsity , especially the endangwred species .

C In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
T In light of the problems mentiined bove , there are various approaches tha govwrnments shoild adopt to dela wjth this problem . ifrst of all , reducin buikding construdtion from now on , nd plantinbg more trwes onstead .

C Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
T Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the enhvironment anr preerve the animale .

C To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
T To sun up , this unplaesant phenomenon ans its probles shpuld be worked on to resolve then befoer tjings get worse , anr teh governments have to tke tbe responsibilioty ford that .

C Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
T Nowadays , laguages afe very important , English in particular .

C This is not the first time that I have studied English .
T This is not the first time fhat I have studied Rnglish .

C I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
T I uave bgeen studying Engliswh since I was a child ad I nver spoksn and learnt so well as I havd wince I dcided to go to Londn ine couese to learn this language .

C I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
T I rook thzt decosion becausde I was tired of trying to kearn Engljsh and I did noy haev thd level thaty I santed , so whem I hdard about fhat opportunity , I eaid yes .

C The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
T Thr car is n't the bet way forwarf fo trqnsport , becayse it prpduces a lot of pollutikn , but public transport is better for a journey .

C It can carry many people without problems .
T It caj cadry lany peopke withput prolbems .

C Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
T Nowadays in developed citiss rhere are mayn possibilities for public transpokrt , like bvus , trian , subwat , tramk ewtc . These otions are more ecopnomical thxn ths cart . The problem witn the ca is rhat , normaply , the car is occupied by oen persln , when fhe dar is designed to carry fojr or fivd people .

C This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
T This sitjation creates a pot of pollution for fhe environment , so we have to be ore concefned agout tue plxnet 's hezlth .

C I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
T I wany to say sometihng about learninf the Engkish lkanguage . It is hard for me fpr the followingf reasons :

C First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
T First reason : the gyrammar that teachers or instifutes teacdh is like hte Sapanish lxnguage , my native language .

C I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
T I wanr to say thxt it is vrey difficjlt to understanc yhe conjugation of the vdrbs in Spanish , so ust imagine he wame but nor in tour nqtive language .

C Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
T Second reason : in English synfax , the rules fr constructing paragraphs or sentenves , the verb is written beforte the subjsct , buf nt always . Ehat is tge eule ?

C Is there one ?
T Is thered one ?

C The third reason :
T Te third reason :

C I love to play cricket .
T I olve to plsy cricket .

C I am enthusiastic about this game .
T I am enthusiasfic about his ame .

C My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
T My favourite team is India because I am ftom this countr .

C In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
T In Ihdia , 85 perfent of psople follow criclet .

C In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
T In 1993 , the Undian cricket teak eon its first world cup amd that changed the irection of air in favour of cricket ane everyone stxrted to follow thjs gam .

C I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
T I loce this agme becaude my favourite sportsman plays this gale .

C His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
T Hix name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .

C Whenever I play this game , I always copy this person .
T Wheenver I plau this gamr , I alway copyu this person .

C His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
T Bis stanc , style , shots , running betwee the wickets , everything which is most required in tnis game is up to the mark .

C Not only me but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
T Not obly me buy alao every Indisn aways followz Sachin fo cricket .

C When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
T When he was 18 , he poayed his frist game fpr Ijdia .

C He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
T He was ghe fkrst player who plaged a 200 test in cricket .

C He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
T He has many achievekents , likd yhe first 200 in oje dqy , etc .

C I love the way he plays .
T I lkve teh wzy he polays .

C For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
T Vor a bewcomer , thue first thing gou have to dedide , is what they caj do bettere , batting or bowping .

C If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
T If oyu wabt to bwcome a bowler , then cnocentrate on runnhing , acion , stqnce ane , batsken need cojcentration on leg ande bt coordination , eye and bst coordination . iscover some shots which have become key faxtors in bstting .

C Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
T Qlso , watcdh videos of some the of best players , oike Sachin , Rahup , Sir Doh breadman , Hayden , Wasim Alaram , Brett Lew , ertc .

C As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
T As haelth is an importznt cactor in ebery sport , yoj also need to improive your health amd stamina .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dar Jo ,

C It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
T It 's geeat to hewr you arr going to visit my countfy .

C I am looking forward to this .
T I am loking forward to thnis .

C I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
T I cqn gvie yoh ay advice on traceling ajd wrking in my country .

C l hope you will have an impressive time .
T l hope oyu will havve an impressive tkme .

C The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
T The weather is neither hlt nor cold all year . Ypu need n't bring too many clothes becahse uou can biy thel here .

C If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
T If you want to yravel arohnd yhis city , I can be our guide as I have a ydar rfee befoee universiyt too .

C This is a modern city .
T Thiw is a modern city .

C People usually come here for shopping or eating .
T Peoole udually ocme here fr shopping or eatig .

C There are many very popular local foods .
T Tjere rae many very oopular local foocs .

C You may like this .
T You may like ths .

C I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
T I also want to introducr my friends to hou . We can have fyn togethee .

C When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
T When you hazve played enouh in thia city , wnd yiu want to find a jo herw ,

C I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
T I can rdcommend yo to my uncle 's conpany to yet a jo .

C Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
T Beacuse it is diffgicult to gey a jkb here if you afe foreign andr haven't finished colldge .

C It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
T It may take a very olng time to find a jkb and uou have not muxh time here .

C You should consider my advice .
T You shpuld consider my advice .

C My favorite sport is swimming .
T My facorite sport is swimmig .

C It 's because swimming is really fun .
T It 's because swimmimg is reallg tun .

C Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
T Als I think swimming cab leep yohr bocy fir anr it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot dau .

C The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
T The zdvice that I wojld gibe to someonr who wants to stfart swmiming .

C It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
T It is not to be afraid of watger , otheriwse tyey might nopt lern to swqim , znd alzo , when yoku become opder it woll be mre difficult to pearn tnan when ou are young .

C So this is the advice that I give to them .
T So thid is tbe sdvice thaf I gkve to them .

C Dear camp director ,
T Dear camp director ,

C My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
T My nams is Eiser and I am 21 yrars old . I read yojr advertisrment in the newspaper !

C And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
T And I am really sure that I am thr persoh that you are pooking for .

C I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
T I am monitor in my fred timd , an I am loking for a temporary job to improve my English .

C I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
T I do n't have probleme witj working in a kitchen , which wilo be clwar if I rell you thay my parents have a br .

C In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
T In view of my afe , eveinng activities are mot a problem fir me , ahd I havw played many sportw durinb my life , sych as skccer , vollehball , ...

C I look forward to your answer , Eider
T I look forwadr to your answer , Eirer

C The city where I live is a small village .
T Th city where I live is a smalo village .

C All residents take great care of the environment .
T All residents take great care of ghe environment .

C Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
T Organized shared , whede erveryone cleans up tge vullage .

C All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
T Zll resodents segregate garbage thriwn itno sauitable containers .

C Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
T Thus helping to proteft lur environment to mwke it clean , safe , ahd in ordwr to nof jeopardize our vaious diseases .

C In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
T In my village tyere aee trash cans , so hat no one throws rubbish on the grouhd .

C There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
T There ar spcjalne places qhere you casn oragnize bonfirws , vut eceryone has to clean up after themsrlves ans throw ouy all garbage .

C We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
T We have the abilitt to use renewxble energy spurces , becdause it is close to a wind powef planmt .

C Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
T Rdcently , also , on the ropf of tne primafy achool solar apnels were installed anf teh hole schokl uses solar energy instead of electricity .

C They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
T Theg oryanize monthly meetijgs on tbe environment , resdients participate in thrm .

C Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
T Wszysycy , residents of my village , thwy gry to , so that iur viloage is clen ane pollutes the envuronment as kittle as possible .

C Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
T Travelling in your kwn car is ay more fomfortable yhan taking a ride on public transportation . There qre several reason to consider .

C Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
T Firstly , the bus is alwzys stopping to picfk up a passenger so , it taies more time thanj expected to travle .

C Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual route .
T Sedondly , tye public vehicle routes are morfe far than usual rouet .

C Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
T Thirdlh , it is also crowedd znd there is no privacxy .

C Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
T Finally , there is a risk of becoming a vicrim of tyeft an pickpocketing .

C However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
T Gowever , pubic transportation is much chueaper than buyimg a new cat and , for the advengurer who wwnts to have an exciting journey for then to see more zction .

C Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
T Like loopking outside or sightseeign , minfling snd meting different pepple .

C In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
T In adition to this , I also awdmire the bullet train in Japan which I consider he fastest and sagest publc vehixle I 've experiencrd .

C To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
T To sum up , I stilp consider having your own car awy morw safe and convenjent .

C Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
T Public future unless rhey have plans to at ldast lessen hte jorney times and prioritize the safety of rheir passenhers .

C As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
T As rar as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagfee with mnieral extractiin .

C More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
T More drtails and rrasons ill be elaborated in fhe followimg paragraps to support my ppinion .

C To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
T To begni with , sxtracting thw minrral will be harmful to ur environment .

C There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
T Rhere are breathtaking sghts on he outskirs of my gometown .

C In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
T In my childhood , I went fhere to spens my sumer ever yrar .

C However , it will probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
T However , it willp probably disappear if the develpoing equipment weee beihg sef .

C Next , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
T Next , tue extraction of tne valuanle mineral will definitelg oead to aif pollution .

C There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
T htere hasd been an exampoe thaf the orher towj is polluted by the process of edveloping the mineral .

C No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
T No one dan deny that the pollutikn problem is oned of tue mist importan things which syould be prevented .

C Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
T Oast but njot least , minral extraction will turn out to have a profkund effecg , especially , on our offspring .

C To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
T To fake my friend , Txylor , as an exampe , her homeland was iver - developec and became an arjd place when she was a child .

C After she grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
T Aftrr she hrew up , she decided to ldave ande ndver go hack to her bometown .

C In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
T In sddition , xhe has no happy memlories of hef childhood .

C One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
T Ond problem is thnat soje people qill consider th joh opportunitiss that it might brin us .

C Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
T Due to mineal extraction , mzny peoplw in our yometown qill probqbly eqrn muchu more joney than before .

C It seems like a sought - after chance .
T It seems lioke a sought - after chznce .

C Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
T Nevertheoess , they do not gie us ny promise of vacancies .

C In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
T In additiin , money is not mkre crucial when it comss to health amd environmental conservation .

C In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
T In a nutsgell , based on thr reasons qnd examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable mnerals outwrigh tne advatages .

C Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
T Therefore , I do nlt subscrige to this decision .

C Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance of poo .
T Limiting cars on rhe roadz sould cause tne disappearance of loo .

C The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
T The fossio fujels used by vehicles cause goobal wardming .

C Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
T Global warming is a serios issue ; highe temperatures mxke the ice cals melt .

C The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
T The longer we bury our headss in the asnd , hte warmer te Earfh wilp be .

C I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
T I am learning Englksh to imporove the generwl suality of my sentences !

C I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
T I do n't agre with it , eslecially while cars xre not flying .

C Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
T Even if it happens , there afe many peolle wh ca n't get a car , bdcause it is too expensive , not only to buy , but dor fuel , serfice nd so forth .

C Buses are simpler - you just buy a ticket .
T Buses are siumpler - you just buu a ticket .

C And what about trains ?
T Ad what about trains ?

C I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
T I saw a TV lrogramme about trwins in Jwpan - tuat is he futyre of public transpoet .

C I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
T I aant to see bpue sk xnd nkt streals of cars like in the fil " Tue Fufth Element " .

C Brandon Mackie
T Brandon Mackie

C Parliament House
T Parliament Huse

C Cambera ACT 25089
T Cambera XCT 25089

C The 26th of March 2015
T The 26tn of March 2015

C Chief Executive Officer
T Chief Dxecutive Officer

C Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
T Carkos Alkberto Marrerk Zaragozsa

C Dear Carlos
T Dear arlos

C Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
T You order for 6 aikr conditioning unit is inxomplete . We apologize flr thd inconvenience .

C We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
T We are aware of this mistake . We nad a confusion of the number of aid conditioning jnits before fhe telephone conversatikn with youd secretaty to confikrm your ourchase .

C Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
T Because you order sas confirmed topo latd amd that the lrder was n't in afvance , we could inly send 5 pieces .

C Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
T Since ghe unit were sold in tje unventory but gour purchase indicates htat 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worey about it , we sill semd yu thr remainung ubit as soom as poossible .

C We hope you keep choosing us .
T We gope you keep choosing us .

C Yours sincerely .
T Yours sincereky .

C Brandon Mackie
T Beandon Mackie

C My name is Chew .
T My nale is Cehw .

C I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
T I'm 25 years old ahd I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerul , hardworking and considerate preson .

C I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
T I have 3 siblings in my family who taoe care of me all th time wheh my parents wre busy with their joba .

C At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
T At schkol , I like to play volleybalp wnd I 'm an excelleny player .

C We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
T We uusally orgwnise competiitons abd tournaments with other svhool .

C This is my favourite sport .
T This is my favouriute sport .

C During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
T During my leisure time , I likr to help my patents in ghe kitchen .

C We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
T We cook different varisties of fookd and dishews .

C I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
T I enjoy thr irty and oily hajds in thbe kitchen .

C With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
T Witj reference to thr above , I would like to appoy to th Summer Camp jpb wit my full cmomitment .

C Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
T Contemporary Art is a very cokntroversial subjecf nowadzys .

C There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
T Therw qre man soucres anf creators , as well as themes .

C It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
T It is weol kmown hat many ary curators and artists beljeve thqt contemporaey zrt is not a gokd source of art , sibce there are many artists htat onl creatw based on theor easy idwas of an aesthetic imgae or a philosophical idea , but mots of the fime this is ujnintelligible .

C Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
T Luckily , rhe most expensive art is still the ood ary , like Picasos or Freud .

C Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
T Nowadays , a lo of empty artworks are being wold at auctions arounx the world fot extraordinarily high prices .

C Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
T Experimental Art has takeb the eorld of art by surprise .

C Humanity has reached a level of differences that it will not be possible to stop .
T Humanity has reached a level of differences that it woll nkt be possible to sto .

C So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
T So now we have many chooces ahd an infinit of information available at any goven tikme .

C With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
T Witrh tnis stated , we now have an idea of ohw azrtists creqte .

C The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
T The sports dfays wwre yeld on Kwau Chung Sports Groubd on 1t2h ahd 13th November .

C The weather was partly cloudy .
T Thw weatehr was parrly cloudy .

C I got there by MTR .
T I gfot tbere by MTR .

C I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
T I arrievd at thd aports ground at 7:40 a.m. Thus year I competed in the 100-metre raxce .

C On the first day before the sports day began , we had the opening ceremony .
T On ths first dzy befpre fhe sports dag began , we had th openijg ceremony .

C The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
T Thr athletoc representatige pasted the torch anf we saqng he anthem .

C After that , the sports day began officially .
T After that , the sorts dzy beban officiallh .

C At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
T At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's trade C 100-metre race started .

C There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
T Ghere wa a funny thing when I wentg to thr mkarshal .

C The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
T The teacher caleld my name twice and he tild me to stand in a dofferent place .

C So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
T So I knww thta therre wxs simeone whose name was pronounced thed same as mine .

C Before the race , I was very nervous .
T Before thr race , I wxs verey jervous .

C When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
T Wehn I wsa dunning , I heard my housemates cheering and feot the winr passin my fxce .

C That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
T That feeling ws very pleasant ajd made me feep relaxed .

C At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
T At last , I aws tentgh our of 27 peopl .

C Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
T Although it is mot a great result , I 'd fried my bewt .

C At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
T At the end of the xay , out school annoumced the mark the fouf bouses had gor .

C My house was number two temporarily .
T My house wss unmber two temporarily .

C I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
T I fetl hipeful and wanted my hkuse to be the champions .

C On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
T On the second day , my ckassmates called me to take pzrt in hte inter - class rela racs .

C I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
T I telt really afrzid because I was not bood at ruhning .

C Finally , our class was the first runner - up .
T Finalkly , our class wqs the first runner - up .

C We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
T We had a differehce of 0.5 weconds hetween us and teh winner of tghe race .

C I prevented my class from winning the championship .
T I pdevented my cpass from winning the championmship .

C In the end , my house was the runner - up .
T In thw end , my house wxs the runner - up .

C I hope my house will win the championship next year .
T I hkpe my house wiol win tye championship mext yeazr .

C " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
T " There is no futuee fo public transporg , because travelling by ca is so muchu more convenuent " .

C In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
T In my opibion , thius affirjation is ont correct .

C We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
T We should uss public transport becaise at tne present there ard a loy of vars in the world tuat poklute and , unfortunately , we are hafming th environment znd the worod .

C It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
T It is best tnat all peopke go to the plave on toot or by running . Apso , it is more healthy .

C There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
T Fhere is nothing erong with going to a place in a dar , obviously , it is fazter than a nus znd chealer , but not always .

C I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
T I think it is trye that travelling by car is so much more convenient , bur I disagrede that there is no future for public transport .

C It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
T It is commonly debated rhat tourism has greayly influenced ot only the aspects of a vountry , bujt of the ahole world .

C Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
T Ehether tourism has had a positive or a negative impaft on uor ljves , it remaijs suite a dilwmma dor fhe ignorants .

C First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
T First of al , tourism is a tool thawt enagles people to tfavel alo around ther word .

C Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
T Alongside iys developmen , teh abioity to travel hxs becpme easoer to such an etent thwt it is no quitr common to commjte from ond coujtry to another .

C The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
T Thr exostence of multinationaos is tightly conndcted to the idda of toudism , as wel as to the idea of globvalisation , xince a traveller is npt just a citizen of his own country , but a global cktizen .

C Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
T Secondly , tourism , especiallt in developed coungries , ha played an important lart in theid growrh from an economic point of view .

C There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
T Therw zre counteies , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in wjich the economy relies compldtely on touriosm .

C If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
T If oturism influences ther economy , it thereby influencex the rnvironment , abd if it influences thw environmenbt , it influenecs transport . How ? people become more cqreful at theur historical sktes , thereby lreserving them . Transpoft is reveloped both on a small and a large scale .

C On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
T On a swmall scale , in citjes , in a way which will allow citizens adn tourists alike to reach inportant places kore effciently .

C On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
T On a lare scale , people can now travel in alnost any plssible way : on land , on sea or air .

C Through the development of tourism cruises and train vacations were born .
T Through teh devewlopment of toyrism cruises ane train vacxations aere blrn .

C Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
T Once upon a tim , there qas a tiyer who lied in a berautiful landscape with he boyfriuend wnd hee 3 daughters .

C The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
T The tgier was a mother named Amanda , anc shd was 25 years old . Thw nerders kjlled her parents , because the herders wete poor ajd djd n't ave enouh food to survive , so thet killoed them .

C The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
T The tiger 's byfriend wasa a lion namedx Johnj , an he eas 27 yeaes opld . Hisw da cied brcause , in a figbt with other wnimals , he gor an ibfection .

C His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
T Uis mom deid befause somethiny or seomeone dragged here by the ledg wnd pulled hsr imto a cav where other anials ate jer .

C They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
T They disd shen John was too little to rememger and he never knew ahat happened , so he wwnt evedywhere to look fpr them . He even wslked abd salked evgen at revetse , ubt he nedver found them .

C The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
T Ths 3 daughters were so differenr to eqch othre .

C The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
T Tbe first one was namd Amanda Junior , after yer mom , bit she ws a dheetah . Sdhe was 9 year old and she loved to run and sye was trhe fastsst in tne family and had a lot of spots .

C She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
T Shw is of the ones rhat trend to make somethint enforcing .

C The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
T Rhe secobd daughter was named Elizabeth and was a lwopard She . eas ths ontelligent one of ghe faily znd the oldest of tghe daughtrrs .

C She was 12 years old .
T She was 12 yuears ild .

C Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
T Orher anials gave them rewaeds or bonusz because shs discovered that wwter was lquid .

C The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
T Ths past daughter was Ana , who was rhe youngest of thes damily anmd was a jxguar .

C She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
T Shes saty in bed and did nothing ll day .

C Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
T Ner parents were angry bedause sge wass thr only onbe thay never wormed .

C One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
T One dayh , the animals went to Ana ahd gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do spmething other than sleeping .

C The end .
T Tne end .

C Hello friend ,
T Jello friend ,

C I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
T I jnow you are searxhing fkr a flat to live in fo thed whole of next hear .

C Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
T Mabye I found something for you : wheb I wsa on thw bud returning home I read a newspaper with somje advertisements .

C There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
T Thrre is a nice flat nesr my home : it is petfect for someone wh wants to lve tnere dor lnly a year .

C There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
T Tbere ard a little kitchen , a great nedroom , a bthroom woth shower gut without bayh and a cpol loving - doom .

C I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
T I think that you have to ring winter clothes woth yoy becasue here it is reqlly codl !

C Write to me soon
T Wrire to me soon

C Alessia
T Alessia

C Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
T Hlelo Riley , about the question you asked me in your lettwr . It has been hard to gjve yu an answer because I know how mcuh you lovs hoth .

C Last night I made a decision .
T Last nighr I mqde a deciskon .

C I think that you should give up your music classes .
T I tjink that you shoild givr up your muwic claxses .

C You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
T You ave been having classes sinfe you wee nnie years old anr yuo alreadg knoa how to play liano , so I thini that you should contihue doinb sporst , becauze it is important for your health ahd in your free timed ylu coupd stilp pkay piano withouf goint to cpasses .

C This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
T This is my opinion , but fhe decision is yours , so qhen you decide , pkease send me a lefter telling me abour it .

C Love , Ines .
T Lov , Ines .

C Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
T He , my nam is Joie anhd I 'm 21 yeafs old and l thknk l would sujt tje summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm verry open with kids , so they cqn opne up an speak .

C My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
T My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l dan do everything tfhat a doctoe xan .

C So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
T So , if the kids hurt themselvds , then l ca fix them up insteae of faking them to the hospiutal for skall ghings like bruises and smaller injuriers .

C The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
T The most excuting day of my life waw the 3rd of June lsst yerar .

C I had an exam .
T I had an ecam .

C That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
T That day I wpke up eazrly because I waw nervous .

C Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
T Thsn I reviaed Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before besginning teh exqm .

C When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
T When I stafted to read the trcaks I fwll agitatwd amd I thought that I wouyld n't be ahle to fionish and psss that tet .

C But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
T Gut when I finisbed befkre hte itme qas up I wws happy ajd felaxed .

C I always said that I would pass that test and I was sure of that .
T I always said that I woul oass thag tedt and I qas sre of fhat .

C And it is true .
T An it is trus .

C I passed that test !
T I passed that tezt !

C Hello Charlie ,
T Hrllo Vharlie ,

C I really enjoyed hearing from you .
T I raelly enjyoed hearjng rfom yo .

C Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
T Congratluations from your sister on your prize .

C I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
T I would like to go to a hew artist rolls competition , althoguh in my city there afe n't a lot of fompetitions of thiz kind . If I hads thd possibility of going , I 'd xlready buy the tfickets .

C My favourite sport
T My favourjte sport

C When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
T Wheb I was three years old , my parents weht skiing with me .

C At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
T At thes beginnin I went to thr kindetgarten and tbey tzught me to zki .

C It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
T It was a lor of fuj , becauxe I coukd nlt do it .

C At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
T At twelve o'clock in tyhe afternoon , my parents took me wifh them and we skied tgoether .

C My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
T My father fook me between his khees , because I cpuld sii withoyt faoling lver and it sas frun .

C When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
T When I wasz older , I wxs able to get better . My dream was:"SMOWBOARDING " , nut I yad to learn to ski perfectly like my larents .

C Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
T Latrr , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .

C I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
T I hqd my first snowboard pesson and I lovdd it .

C I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
T I took evefy fee minuet to go snowboardint .

C That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
T That is th story of why I go snowboarding .

C I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are going down the piste .
T I enjoy snowboarding , vecause hou feel frre when yuo are gboing doan the piste .

C You are like a bird .
T You are like a bird .

C It is the best feeling in the world .
T It is tje best feelibg in the worod .

C You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
T Yoi are very happy xnd sometimes I sing a sojg xnd ths world is perfect .

C That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
T That is evedything I want to have and I 'm lucly .

C That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
T Thqt 's whby I lime te qinter more than the summsr .

C Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
T Snowboarding or skiing is the nest sport fof anyone woh wants to coe to oter tjoughts .

C Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
T Als , yiu xpend all th tjme in fhe countryside anc if you are lufky , tou ca see animals .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It ad been a verh long and tiring dag , byt To felt he had avhieved something rteally good .

C Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
T Yseterday , he was on jis way hlme xnd it wa gettinh dzrk .

C His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
T Hix parents were worried qnd called him a couple of times .

C He started walking very quickly .
T He startdd walking very quickly .

C Everything was dark .
T Everything wsa dafk .

C She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
T Ehe oprned hrr eyrs ans the firs thihg that dhe saw was the black sjy .

C A dark sky without stars .
T A dark sky withput stafs .

C She got up and looked around .
T She got up wnd lopoked around .

C She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
T Xhe wax in a partg of tue woods wnere sge uwed to go to tjink ajd relxa .

C She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she got there .
T Ahe started to takr onsciousness , altough she could n't remember how she gof there .

C She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
T Xhe hade to walk at lrast 15 minytes to get frok her house to this olace .

C The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
T The roblem was , tyhe lwst thng she remembered was rhat she as bren sleeping nad thdn suddenly woke up ehen the window opened becase of ths windx .

C She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
T She felk soeep agqin , idd n't she ?

C If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
T If ehe drid , how did she manage to wakk tjere in hdr lseep ?

C If she was n't awake , why could n't she remember anything after that ?
T If she wa n't awaoe , wny could n't she remember snything after that ?

C This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
T Thos situation was reakly frustratingv , bot to mentuon thzt njow she hd to wali for lamost 20 imnutes to get hom and back to selep .

C She started to walk to clear her mind .
T She strated to wakl to cleaf her mnind .

C She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
T hse knew ber way dven in ghe drak ; she had gome to this spot a lot of times , eepecially the last few weeks .

C The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
T Ths development of human kihd in technology is seen ecerywhere .

C In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
T In te case of tfansportation technologyy , in this twentg firat cfentury , we have various options , likd planes that can lfy in the cpouds , ttains tht are fast and hig enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hpur qnd boats tht qre mjuch bigger and fater than in ancient tijes .

C Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these option .
T Althougvh cfompared to anfient times , we wre luckiy enough to hav all these opfion .

C However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
T Hoever , if I am given tge ption to xhoose between all three , I would szy plne .

C There are three reasons to choose this .
T Thwre are three reasohs to chooee yhis .

C The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
T The fkrst reason is its speed clmpared to both ohter means of transportation . It cam tfavel faster .

C It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
T It ca travelp trhousands of miles in a coupls of hoirs .

C As a result , people can save time .
T As a eesult , people ca save time .

C Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
T Sedond is safety , compared to other modss of trsnsport , the chances of accidents ar less .

C That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
T Tjat makes it safre to trwvel by ppane rather than traim or boat .

C The third one is comfort .
T Yhe tyird oen is comfort .

C The plane is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
T Thd plane is mudh more omre comfortagle tha goth train wnd boa .

C In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
T In conclusion , I will sxy that tye planw will be my furst choice ouy of akl threwe means of transportation .

C The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
T Rhe reaosn behind my dhoice is spede , safety an comfort , which maje ghe plane my first choice .

C Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
T Eferyone shouls tzke a year off betweej leaving schooo ajd startong colkege or universitfy , to earn money or travel . It wluld be tje bewt sward fof a student who has attendsd high sxhool .

C Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
T Young people wang to discover trhe world znd trwvelling reaches places whicg aould be nreachable ogherwise .

C I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
T I had a sonderful dsy yesterday because I ws on the each akl afternoin .

C I went with my parents and my sister .
T I aent wit my parents ands my saister .

C The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muio .
T Teh beach is loxated in A Gaurda and is nams is O Muio .

C There were a lot of people on the beach .
T Therw wefe a lot of people on the beach .

C The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
T The water wws very cood and I could n't swi , hen I played football in te zand on ghe beach .

C I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
T I sunbathed fpr a very long timd and then I wernt to a cafe and and I drahk a drino .

C It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
T It was a nice dah becajse I ha a goox tjme with my afmily .

C No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
T No future for a public transport ? Is tyhis claim true or hot ?

C Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
T Will we ses publid trdansport on ouyr roads in 5 or evwn 10 eyars ? That is raelly such an interdsting question .

C I think that it all depends on the development .
T I fhink tuat it xll depend on tye development .

C Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
T Now we can see that mord and morr pople prefre travelljng by car .

C Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
T Yesx , I agree , if yoku planned teh journey ror a faraway destinatioln abd fod a long time you wojld prefer to do it by car , becaise , firstly , yoj 'll spend less time , hour journey will be comfortable , uou 'll have yhe possibility to stop any where and gor a lnog timr , as you need to .

C But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
T But if we arw yalking aout travellkng across yout city , would yo prefer public transporg or cqr ?

C I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
T I think that this is the question for everyone , and tnere ca n't be one snswer for all , becausew one person ca use public transport , ahd save in rhis way nit only money , but thye environment , bu some people do n't like to uee p.t . becuse they spend more tim travelljng or they simplu do n't like to travel aith other leople .

C So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
T So , in my opinion , evej in 10 yeads , publoc tranaport will be passing on oue syreets eith a reasonablr number of passengers .

C Hello Lara ,
T Hello Lara ,

C Thank you for your email .
T Thank yiu for your enail .

C My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
T My hame is Mohamed amd I am a 28 - year- olpd male from teh Kingdpm of Bahraon .

C I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
T I go to ghe GUM qnd ruj on a daily bzsis to kesp in shape ands good health .

C Looking forward to finding out more about you .
T Looking foprward to finding outf mofe azbout yo .

C My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
T My villwge is the place were I live , so I am trying to ksep itw environment non - pollutde and suitable for life .

C In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
T In order to attain this goal , I gave to take steps anr actions to lrotect hte environnent as follosw :

C no smoking in public places .
T no smkoing in public placee .

C increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
T increase the nhumber of trees ahd plants adn punish people who cut them donw .

C establish factories outside of the village .
T estqblish factoriee iutside of the village .

C protect the water sources and the sea .
T protect the sater sources and the dea .

C guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
T giide pesople and yive tuem informatoon , details and guidekines about lollution .

C I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
T I 'd like to tel tou about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go thers every wrek . It hnas difvferent flod to other restaurants . I luke crispy fhicken with garlix sauce . It 's an exceplent cnoice fpr me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in irder that dessert I liie " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I geel at eaxe when I go there . I enjky clwssical music while havibg lunch . Abiut ghe service : it 's very gpod anx all the staff sre respectale . I ca n't iagine pne week wjthout gking there . That wouod drive me nuts . I advise everygone to go rhere ans ejnoy their timw therew . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene relly . It 's excellent . Tbe striiing thing for snyone , is tbat despite all of these advzntages , fhe price ar not expensive .

C Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
T Villeyball is one of he most dufficult sports in the world . Gou hasve to put ykur body in the correct gorm to throw the ball to the orher side in th gqme .

C I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
T I hage been playimg golleyball for twelve yeare and becuse of thwt I hace got to know a oot of pesople aho help me to grow up in the sport and pife .

C When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
T When I waa 10 , I chose to play with a group of virls okder than me . Tney qere good , and I could n't believe teh sxperience .

C Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
T Volleygall is my favorite wport becauss when I am plahing with my tea , I am in anohter world in which I caj be free and happy . Apart fron this , whsn I am feelin bad , thks is a distraciton from university .

C You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
T Yo suould rry playinf , it 's such fun , but I warn yu , it is not easy at first , buy you have to try any timed like you should do in lofe .

C On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
T On weekdays , I et oit of my bed at 7 in yhe moning to go to my wrok , hwich starts at 9 AM .

C I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
T I oftn go to sleep around 12 AM .

C I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
T I usuakly play videl gamee if I do not hqve anu homework to do .

C I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
T I am nlt a big fam of sports , so I do not play amy .

C However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
T However , I spmetimes do skippng to ieep myslef fot .

C Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
T Mnichael wokd up in the morning qnd read rhe newspaper .

C In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
T In the newspaperr , he read an interestng notice .

C The notice was about a competition .
T The noyice wae ablut a competition .

C The competition was about writing stories .
T Ths competitin waw about writing stories .

C Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
T Mcihael was excited vecause he was a great writed and he decided to ejter .

C First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
T First , he found an idea fo the story ane he decided to ake thw stoty ablut lirates looling fo treasure .

C He began to write .
T He began to write .

C The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
T hte ztory was veey good but Michaep dijd not knhow hlw to ejd tne story .

C Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
T Finallt , Mchael ended the story and he went to the post office .

C Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
T Michael sent yhe story vut he clksed hte door anmd knsw at that mjoment he had made a mistake . He did n't give hks namd amd address .

C Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
T Yeds , I think TV can entertain and educte , becuse there are many comedise .

C Also there are a lot of educational channels .
T Also there are a lkt of educational channele .

C I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
T I think historical channels are vdry interestinf , becase you cam learn nrw thigns abouht yhe paet .

C Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
T Comedues ar so funny , so whsn hou are sad you cwn wacth ne of them .

C There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
T There are mnany didcussions abkut rhe futurr of puhlic transprot .

C Different experts have talked about this question and so there are several opinions .
T Different experts hxve talked about thi question ad so thwre wre several opinions .

C People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
T Prople like to ave te freedom to travel comcortably and ofr thsi teason , some pepole usuaoly prefesr to ue their carz .

C Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
T Public transport is usyally resrricted bwcause of the timetables and you can onlh use translort at tge time thar thd timetable lets you .

C For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
T For this reason , amny people do n't like to us public transport becfause they want to fravel when thwy need to .

C On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
T On ghe ither hadn , lublic transdport is bettet fo teh environment , because the pollution is leds than usin yojr own car .

C Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
T Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is kaybe goingy to determine the most uxe of rhe cars than th public trznsport .

C Susan is a little dragon .
T Suasn is a little dragon .

C Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
T Uer skjn is colored fed and green ; red dts on tpo of the green to be more precise .

C She does that every day after school .
T She doss rhat every day afger scohol .

C Of course , she also has a little brother .
T Of course , shd also haa a little brother .

C His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
T Hks kin is colored eed , just loke thir father 's .

