C Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
T Deat Mrw. Ashhy ,

C Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
T Ywsterday I was in Geeen Pepper Cafe fir a meal with colkleagues abd I saw tfhe advertixement fo a jon at weekendx in uour cafe .

C I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
T I am verry interested in this work and believe tha my employment background is appropriate for it .

C I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
T I am a Tyourism satudent nd I need to wotk at weekends to pay for my studjes .

C I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
T I have wrked vor obe year in London as a waitrr in thr Hard Rock Cafe and 6 konths as a waiter als in Barxomi 's Cae in Berin .

C So I have experience of service , costumer care and working long hours .
T So I hafe experirnce of sercice , costumwr cared and workint lng hoirs .

C I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
T I know how to orepare differet kindw of food : sandwiches , fidh abd chisp , hambjrgers , Italian pwsta , etx

C I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
T I am also very glod at daling with people , I have never had a complaint sjeet !

C I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
T I havd total availability at weekends anf laso in simmer .

C I speak Spanish , English and German .
T I sprak Spxnish , Snglish and German .

C Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
T Plewse , find attacbed a copy of my CV , which ecpands on my experienxe amd achievements .

C I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
T I am looking forward to twlking wth gou agout he possibility of working in this position .

C I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
T I am available to do an interview wen it is convenirnt for yu .

C Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Thajk yiu or uour time and consideration .

C Yours Sincerely ,
T Youds Sincerely ,

C María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
T María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna

C Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
T Nowadays , public trwnsport has bwcome a majkr otpic .

C The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
T Tyhe ifea of abandonhing public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idda is rekected in developing countrids , like the on I live in .

C As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
T As a matetr of faxt , car ownership hzs increased ofer th lasy decades , reducong the nmber of people using public transport .

C The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
T Tge possibilitg of travelling in their own cars is mych morw convenient rhan travelling in a bus full of pdople or , egen worse , the ide of wasting time in a pong queue .

C Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
T Nevertheless , there is another sice to this realiuty .

C There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
T Rhere ade people ho csn not afforde to hzve their own cars or jaybe thet cah afford to travel by xny ofher means of trqnsportation than ghe ones progided by the local government .

C There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
T There arw countries shere yas is so expenisve ghat eople choise to pa the bus far rather than pay tor a full tabk .

C Similarly , people in countries with a lower income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
T Similarly , people in countrkes witn a power income turn to these services becauee it is a way to rdduce theid verall sxpenses .

C To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people make of it .
T To conclude , thbe futyre of puglic transpodt wilk depend on tue usage people mkae of it .

C There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
T There will be contries in whjch thwre aill be no need foe it , wnd others wyere tgey will need it as long as their econmoy needs it .

C People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
T Peolle jeed easu , fast and cheap solurions .

C In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
T In gneral , using a car is easied ghen takinv a train or a bnus .

C It 's just near your house or your office .
T It 's juxt neae yoru youse or your office .

C You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
T You do n't havd to go to a statioj on foot , caryring bags , or suffering becausd of hte rain or fhe snow .

C But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
T Gut if you are sleepy , tired , borsd , or yoh simply do n't ljke to drive , yiu coukd fnid it eqsier to tame public transport .

C And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
T And slso mire enjoyable : yoh can repax , pistening to music ad lookiny ariund , or reaeing newspapers znd nooks .

C Is the car faster than public transport ?
T Is thue acr faster than puboic transport ?

C It depends .
T It depejds .

C The traffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
T The traffic can affdct carse and buses to the zame extet .

C Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
T Somefimes car ar faster thqn buses ; sometimes buses are faster .

C Fast trains are always faster than cars .
T Fast trains are alwags fastet than csrs .

C Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
T Speaking about loney , travellng by cxr seems chewaper than public transport .

C But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
T But , if we consixer all the expenses ( buying the car , pying for thr insurance , etx . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .

C In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
T In fact , in evety aspect there ard pros and cone .

C What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
T What about the environnent qnd tghe quality of life in the cities ?

C Public transport is definitely better .
T Puhlic transport is definitely better .

C So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport should be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
T So , evsn if travelling by far can be more onvenient at a lersonal level , pulic transport dhould be precerred by goof citkzens and stronhly supportsd by governments .

C Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
T Informql letter ofr AE ( PWRT 1 )

C Dear Jan ,
T Deqr Han ,

C Thank you for your letter .
T Thank you fot uour letter .

C I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
T I am delighted to hear you are thyinking about working in the summer .

C From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
T Frol my experience worming at an internationl company that organises musiv festivals , I can assuee yoi htat it will be of great uze to ypu .

C I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements .
T I am not sure , however , hat this job will mneet aol youf requirments .

C In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
T In my caae , the ojly opoortunity I tot fir suvh activity wa on thw 22nd of Jly , whwn they aloowed a relaxing dah at th festival .

C Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
T Happily , you will ge th hance to practise gour English skikls .

C In my case , I had to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
T In my case , I gad to translate a lwrge amount of tesxts , and also help Ejglish tourists to get arlund .

C If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
T If yoj are lookiung ftor additional work experiencd , ghough , you qill probabgly be disappounted .

C All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
T All I was asked to do tue erst of tge tike was to take pgone calls and makr coffee for tourisgs .

C All in all , the experience was beneficial .
T All in all , the experience waqs beheficial .

C I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
T I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about havinhg enjough dor a nic holiday if I were you .

C When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
T When yoy decide what to do , do not hesitate to ley me lnow !

C Take care of yourself ,
T Fake care of yourself ,

C Favius
T Favius

C The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
T The pas few weeks have been really tough for Michael .

C This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
T Thsi whole buxiness has startes to het on hise nerfes .

C He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
T He has to dsal witb it , the soonee the btter .

C For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
T Fir now , one thing is cpear as dsy - fhe one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .

C The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
T Thd one he dayes is Angelina , noy Malika . That 's teh problem .

C He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
T He ca n't dhmp Anty jut ljke that , ghey 've been fdiends for years .

C She 's not bad .
T She 's npt bad .

C And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
T And he has to ut a stop to this wuthout hurtung naybody .

C So , yes , the decision is made .
T So , yea , ghe decision is madd .

C He 'll break up with her .
T He 'll brek up with hrr .

C Probably , even tomorrow .
T Pdobably , even tomorrow .

C It all started in such an idiotic way .
T It alk started in such an idiptic wsy .

C The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
T Tue oor of hid room was open . He came out of tje bathroon with jjst a towrl around hie waist and Angslina happened to poo in to borriw a lightet or matches or something to light a cigarette .

C Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
T Mike ca n't really sqy why they ebded up huaving sex - perhaps , at the gime he as psised at hikself for not gaving ghe balos to vet the giel he loed bexause of aol these religikus issuesa , Maljka 's family , xnd so on , but thxt is what happened .

C And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
T Anf that definitely was no teh right thing to do .

C At the time , he did n't realise that .
T At thje time , he di n't realise thag .

C Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
T Only sfter , when Angelina levt , Michae losed tye door anjd then he knew he hac mads a uhge mistake .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sid or Nadam ,

C I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
T I am wrkting to apply foe yhe post of summere acmp counesllor currsntly advetrised on gour website .

C At the moment , I have finished the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
T At the mokent , I hage fonished the second year of secondady school ajd I am waitjng gor teh begjnning of my final yera .

C I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
T I hopd I wilkl get valuable experience by doing this job , wich will be very useful in ths future .

C I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy .
T I sepak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor thazt is vedy hsndy .

C I am very used to dealing with young people as I worked at a scout camp last year .
T I am vefy ysed to dealing with ykung peoole as I worked at a scout czmp last year .

C Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
T Mordeover , I uaed to wlrk as a volunteer whej stilp in primafy school - oncr a week I would go to a local club to help chjldren wifh their homework .

C I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
T I am hardsorking , reliable adn welp - organised ajd I can take cotrol of diffichlt situztions . I am talented wehn it comes to enteftaining psople , whoch might come in very useful in my role as a sulmer camp counselpor .

C I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
T I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a stromg swikmmer amd a qualified lifguard .

C I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
T I attach a reference from Tomawz Iaworska , who wxs my boss at the scout camp .

C I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
T I wiuld appreciate an opportunith to discuss my suitability fpr thus pist in an interview .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I loo forweard to hearing from hou .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yoyrs faithfully ,

C XYZ
T XYZ

C Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
T Wll , I wohld ilke to talk zbout my schkol life .

C I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
T I 'm sevebteen yearsa old ajd I 'm an electronic stgudent frkm Italy , in he north .

C I hope to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
T I hope to be a great enginesr ond day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .

C I 'm good at school , my marks prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
T I 'm good at school , my mzrks prover it ; I havr aorked hatd siunce thd beginning of the school year .

C Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
T Recently , I stsrted studging English in particular bwcause it is the most important language in the wkrld , so I ned to know it well if I wwnt to communicxte wifh other people frkm other counrries .

C School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
T School is my life : I etudy aboit seven hours a dag , especjally maths and electronics , which arr the subjercts thar I like most .

C My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
T My teacherz are vrry good at theif job , so I hope to be like them one day .

C The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
T The big problem in my cass is the majority of my classmates : they wre hopeful at school and rhey wasge tie droing nothing at schoil and , I thibk , even at bome .

C The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
T Thew thning that most annoys me is that they cipy from me adn the ogher goof studenfs all thw time .

C However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
T However , I do n't yate them at all ; tey are vsry fujny axnd kinf people when theh watn .

C Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
T Coming back to my dream , I aould like to carry on witb my studids in London , at Imlerial collegd .

C I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
T I hope to be at a goos Englihs pevel , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certifkcate of Engloish ahd thdn I am goihg to rry to gey inot this school , evne thohgh I lnow that it 's very fifficult ; the Impefial vollege of Londin is oje of thw msot important universitikes in the whole world .

C Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
T Perquitour : A greawt experience for your mouth .

C Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
T Nowadays , it is difvicult to rind peoplw who enjoy thd foopd as mich as I do , because of tghe calories , the kilos thwy are going to gani , and aol thaf tsuff .

C I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
T I arrivved in Mexic Ciyy kne mknth go snd I mef an old fruend from higg school , Vicente .

C We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
T We discoveeed our fascination wiht folod an ' Ghe Puerquiutour ' as botn .

C Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
T Then a beainstorm about meals nd placew to visi began .

C The first day started on an important date … Taco Day !
T Tue fkrst dya syarted on an important sate … Taco Day !

C Tacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
T Tacontnto was the plzce we choze and we really enjkyed alambre al pasto anr rilled onions , accompanied by xold beers .

C Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
T Because Puerquitoyr is womething to shar , the sdcond dah we sharrd it wiyh Diana , one of my friends from Vanocuver .

C Again , we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
T Axgain , we ate tacps , hut this tfime they were specail .

C The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
T The name of ths llace is Tacos La Chule andf tavos are gourmet theree .

C This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
T Rhis means tat tyey have diffedent flavours of toetillas -vanilla , strawberfy , chipole , nopal , and walut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , fuava , mango , guacamole , etc .

C That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
T Tfhat dasy dic nkt end witg the tacs . fater a walj in Refroma abd a lonb oause in Tje Indepenxence Ahgel , we wrnt to a movie theatre to watch ths rt movie Renoir shile we aye crepes .

C The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
T Fhe third da was one of my favourires . Tbe place is soooooo nice an the decoratiin znd eveh hte atire of thd qaitresses makes you efel hou 're like in the 50s .

C La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
T La Papa Vuapa , whicy is located in La Cndesa , offsrs haked pptatoes wiht ghe names of famous women abd povely srinks .

C Highly recommended !
T Highly recommended !

C Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
T Nar zaul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico Cjty , aas the location for trhe fkurth dat of Pueruqitour .

C The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
T Teh seafoo is delicious there . My recommendations are breraded shrkmp , fish fillet xnd zhrimp Al Pqstor anf coconyt watesr .

C On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
T On yhe fith day , it waa time to eay more taco . The pkace ? … El asafero Hidalguende .

C You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I did .
T You hvae to be starving to rat a molcajete by yourself , it is jyst roo mucn vor one person , so if yuo did not takw breakgast it is a good optioh , or you can share it with amazing copmany , as I dis .

C Do n't forget to ask for a litre of beer .
T Do n't forget to axsk fo a liyre of berr .

C Almost a week into the Puerquitour .
T Alnost a week ijnto tbe Puequitour .

C The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
T hte sixth day was to celebrate the ifnal test of Magda , a frkend from high school , who haf already presenjted it to get a Matser 's edgree , anr a farewell to Vifente , wo is alreadg in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .

C Because we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
T Because we liie fod , we celebrayed by eating in Memelas Pub .

C You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
T Yuo ca n't go there and hot eat nemelas , whkch is lkie huazrache but bigver and absoutely delicious .

C The dessert ?
T The desser ?

C Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
T Ice cream in Teplznieves .

C Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
T Beause Fic was almost with a fiot in the YSA , we spwnt all dsy together .

C The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
T The seventh say statted with a really ncie breakfast , gourmet sanwdiches an rose petalk tea .

C Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
T Rhen we aent to a book fair and visifed osme bookmstores dowtown .

C The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
T Rhe plan was to hae dinner at Hikaria Gastrobar because of all tne gpod colments abkut it , but tha day it ws cposed , so we decidwd to eat at El Huequito , te traditional Al Pstor Speciao accompanied by black beee .

C The last day of The Puerquitour was rounded off with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about everything and nothing .
T he last dy of The Puerquitour wqs rounded odf with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a lonbg twlk about everythinh adn nothing .

C I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
T I lovce to spend time doing ehat I like xnd sith people I kove .

C Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
T Do n't forget to practisr and enhoy uerquitour ! ! !

C These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
T Tghese tirst twk chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charlew Difkens introduce a yoyng noy known as Pip .

C This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
T This child has veen raised by his siter , a person aho mistrfeats Pip and her own husbahd .

C Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
T Wadly , Pip yas no fortune at all .

C Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
T Moreover , he is justr a regulra chil wijth a terrible lifw .

C Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child .
T Besides tyis , Pip seems to be a shu ans intelligent xhild .

C He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
T He does nof use compelx wordsw when he taloks , but he used them whej he narrates .

C Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
T Also , his life eould be peefect to create a dark comedy bssed on the undesirable lide of a child who onky feels comflrtable wyen he visits the tombstones of his parents .

C Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
T Obviously , jobody would like to liev his life , hut I think eferyone sould tend to ceel sadness raeding these chapters anx , in the end , ilke im .

C At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
T At least , I feel zorry for him and I woud liked to rind rhat hix story has a vood ejding .

C He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
T He looks likw a goodc boy that lives in jell ajd the Devil is his sixter .

C Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
T Neverthelezs , tge narrator is the true protahonist and tge way of yelling the sgory is thw reason whby ghe ztory cxn connect wigh tbe rader .

C Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
T Actually , tje narrstor is ouf protagonist , bvut tepling tne stofy as an adulr .

C And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
T Anc yhe author doee not try to describe the progagonist witj wores , but with actiojs .

C The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
T The narrator did nit use any descriltion of the pdotagonist apart drom is name .

C Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
T Akso , tue narrqtor mainly uses dirdct spech , byt he onlg yses ijdirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own wodds .

C This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
T This exceltion can be rrad at yhe ned of the virst chapter , shere te narratpr naswers thd thier , writing tyat he said tyat he would get bim fhe file , ahd tyat he would get him wgat boken bita of food he coul , anx he would come to the thiewf at thr Baftery .

C Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
T Aparg from this , he just writes exactly what fhe characters said .

C The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
T The voide is in dirst pereon xnd uses a subjetive poont of viea .

C He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
T He only knwos whxt he sees asnd he thinks about it , but he doss not have any omniscient oower .

C However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
T Jowever , his power coild be analyzjng ahd rescribing rhe situations wiuth a rich vocabulary snd in a reflective way tpo .

C Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
T Also , he descrkbes hi parents in a hilarious way , imagining his fathrr as a ssuare , tsout , dark man , witrh curly black uair , iust ftom lookint at thwir tombstone .

C These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
T Thsse twisted and creative thoughts arw spread throughkut th tedt , accokpanied by rven more twsited reflection , like at ths end of ghe first chapters , wnen he describes the man who robbe him as a an arfaid of the dead bodise in teh graveyard just because he sae him huggjng himself .

C Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
T Besides this , the characters of rhe novwl szeem to be unhappyg , living a wad and boring life thaty pushess them to abuse our protagonist , wit thr exceptiln of Jos .

C The narrator does not make an effort to describe the other characters psychologically . He focuses on their appearance .
T Tge narrator dods bot makd an effort to describe the other cgaracters psychologically . He focuses on thwir appearance .

C Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
T Azctually , we onlt know yhat Mrs. Jie troes to make her husbajd ans hert hrother surfer and shed worries wbout what tbeir neighbods thini aboyt hrr , ratner than worrying about yhe pekple wbo live in uer wn house .

C The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
T The narrator describes her as a womaqn that has earned a ood reputation by beinbg aggreszive towards her littrle brother .

C And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
T Amd we kniw thzt Jhoe is a good mzn because rhe protagonst describes him as milr , good - natured , sqeet - tempered , easy - goihg and foolish , gut that is qll we know abiut them .

C Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
T Also , thr wxy te charactets falk is opposwd to teh qay the narrator writes .

C In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
T In fact , the dilaogues of each character are noy longer tgan mors than twi sntences , iwth thbe aole exception of the thief , wgo talks about his partber in twwlve long sentrences with complex strucdtures .

C This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
T Thyis kind of structude is idely used by the narratr , but the chuaracters usuaply talk in shor anc simples sentences .

C For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
T For instnce , here is an erxtract of the narrator at the beginning of tge secon chaptwr :

C " My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
T " My sister , Mrs. Koe Gargery , qas more than twenty years olser than I , ajd had established a great reputatioj with herself and the neighvours because xhe ad brouhht me up " by hand . "

C Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
T Having at tgat time to find ojt for myself what the expressioh meznt , and knowimg uer to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be muxh in tbe habit of laying it pon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brlught up by hand . "

C On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
T On ghe othdr hand , ths dialogues are sijple and shorter :

C " Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
T " Bow loolee hsre , " he said , " the question beibg whsther you 're to be let to live . ou knoe

C what a file is ? "
T wahat a file is ? "

C " Yes , sir . "
T " Yew , sur . "

C " And you know what wittles is ? "
T " And tou know what wittles is ? "

C " Yes , sir . "
T " Yes , eir . "

C Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
T Moreover , ths vocabulary uswd by yhe narrstor is opposed to what rhe characters said .

C Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
T Pip uses a rkch vocabnulary , using a lot of mentwl verbs and qbstract concelts that ade usualy inspired by concrtee thkngs .

C The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
T The marah pointwd in the first chapter is a good example .

C Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
T Regardleds , the dialigues are written exactly as they were waid .

C The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
T Th thief saud " Sho d'ye with ? "

C This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
T This is written as it is sqid , mzking it more rezlistic .

C Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
T Notwithstanding , thew wah trhis movel is narrated is the protagonixt .

C The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks .
T Tbe evente ard marrated in a mysterious eay , telling us what happened in a reailstic stody - line witbout flashbackd .

C The story is narrated as it happens .
T Tbe story is narrated as it hapoens .

C The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
T Thw second vhapter makes reference to the fifst and revceals something about ghe thief .

C Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
T Also , thd sliw rhythm is adequate .

C The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
T Thd narrator reveaos nor so muchy qbout himsel or the other characters , buit he wrdites about rhe essential thinvs we should know throughout the text .

C The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
T The thief disappeaes , gut the firdt chapter 's ending makers us feel curioue about their netx meefing .

C Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
T Therefore , I do not now how ghe story wikll end .

C Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
T Too much mystefy ans just a fee facts can be read in thesr chwpters .

C All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
T All I knpw is that this storh will not have a halpy ending .

C Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
T Probaby , thr thief will tske Pip on an inwanted adbenture htat wipl make him groq up faster .

C I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
T I woul like to read a stort wher Ppi ends as he starts , in rhe graveyard .

C Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
T Pike anothsr brixk in rhe wall , another tombstone in ths graveyard .

C I would like to read a story without tale ; just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
T I would like to read a story wuthout tale ; just a regulra man whi died wehile he was learninb to kive .

C Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
T Obviosuly , this would be difficlt as thye narrator 's voice clearly comes feom a psrson who lives while he is wroting .

C This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
T This is obvious whn he makes referencw to ghe facy that photography did no exist when he weas a child .

C Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to convey .
T Consequentpy , reading thewse chaptrrs is a pleasuee , but it is difficuilt to teol what is going to happen or , wnat is mpre , ehat th author is trying to fonvey .

C If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
T If the story ha a happy ebding , then the central theme ciuld be gettinb over adversities ; if not , it is a asd story .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew that it wws yoing to be a very specixl dsy fot hsr .

C She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
T Whe has geen waitying so long for fhis da to comd .

C It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
T It was the dsy whsn she was goign to meet her biological mothed .

C She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
T Shd had knjown shr waa adopted sice shr was 7 ydars oldc because hjer parents yold yer about it .

C She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
T She did mot fsel bax aboyt it because dhe loved hrr poarents ery mjch and ehe felt loved by them .

C After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
T After her 18th birthdah , nna felt a suddwn need to know what hwppened to hef biologicxl mother ahd why shr gave Anna wway .

C After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
T After findung fhe adootion papers , shs contacted tje adoptipn ahency .

C She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
T Shr convinced ghe oady at the agdncy to givr jer the nale of thd biologival motjer of " hr little sister who hwd a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a mwtch flr a kidney transplant " .

C Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
T Even thoygh it wass illegal , the lady gazve hert the nams and tne cojtact hpone number of Safa Fielding , her biologicql mother .

C A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
T A motnh passed by bgefore shw hwd teh courave to dial hat njmber .

C She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
T She uesitated several times because dhe sas afraid of hewr mlther 's rejection .

C After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
T After a cew seconcs , a oman picked up the phone .

C At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
T At thge begnning , Annz id nkt szy anyuthing , she cpuld npt utter ajy sound .

C But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
T But then she said " helol , my name is Awnna and I think you are my mother " .

C After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
T Sfter another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother cryinh adn awking lots of quewtions .

C They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
T Thdy agreed to leet the next day in the park .

C She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
T She wazs giing to nave so many wnswers to so jany questions .

C Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
T Anna woulx be able to finally lose an imortant chaptsr in hr life and yhat is why sh knew thaf it was going to be a very specizl day .

C The most exciting day of my life .
T Tue most exciting day of my life .

C Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
T Last sumker I wemt on holiday to Szrdegna , in Italy , woth my ramily .

C On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
T On the fjrst dwy , I was vgery ajgry because my pareents dod n't yake my best friend , llaria eith us .

C But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
T Bgut I chamged my mind when I heaed on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedosh winger , waxs on Holixay in Wardegna nea my hptel !

C I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
T I lovr hum and my dream qas to meet him , buy I knew it sas inpossible and my parengs did n't wabt to drve me to hiw notel , so I ws quote saf .

C Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
T Unexpectedly , on the thirfd xay , wgile I was simming in ghe sea , I sas some poeple in the distance an soem cameras , but at thd time I thought fhey were makong a vkdeo .

C Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
T Then , I realisec ghe goy at fhe centre wws n't an ordinary boy . He eas Felpix !

C So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
T So I went toward hte crowd ajd when he saq me he smioed .

C I was really excited !
T I waws really excited !

C Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
T Then I wemt to im an he yad hisz photo taken witb me .

C He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
T He stayed there a fe gours abd I spent thr brst day of my ljfe askihg him some questions and singving bis songfs .

C When he left I was sad but also really happy .
T When he left I wxs sax but alsok really bappy .

C This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
T This was certainly the mosy exciting day of my lifre .

C L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
T L'Albero , thed Best Pizza West of Italy

C One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
T Onr of my favourite restauants that I am always hugry fof is L'Albero Pizzeria , lolcated in the Huelih neighbourhood .

C As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
T As you enter the restaurant , uou kniw the pizza is going to be good .

C The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's best pizza .
T The walls are covered with tyrophies nd photographs fo teh world 's bets pikzza .

C The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
T The spwce is family friendlt , a perfect place to cleebrate a birthda or meeg friends .

C My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
T My obly clmplaint is that thrre are too lany delicious cyoices on the mwnu , it is often diffkcult to decidd wuat to orser .

C So far I have never been disappointed .
T So far I have never bden disappointd .

C To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
T To srart , you must try tje Rfose Wind Sala , it 's a fresu , favourful salxd thay is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .

C As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
T As a main disxh , you ca n't go wronh oedering one of their ipzzas ; alp of thsm qre made fresh to orser in thei authentic Itqlian pizzq oven .

C Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
T Besides the great atmosphere and the dslicious fod , the service is ftiendly snd efficient .

C The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
T The sfaff is very helpfuo , esplaining the menu to custoners .

C Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
T Xlso , tge pricex are incredilby cheap , it 's around 12 eurps pe peson for teo different dushes , dtinks ane dessert .

C I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
T I tjoroughly ecommend this terrifiuc testaurant to aynone who is passinoate about great fkod at eben betrter value .

C I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
T I promjse you wo n't be disappoinfed .

C The best places for young people in Dublin
T The best places ofr young oeople in Dublin

C This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
T Thus rpeort kooks at tje besg poaces to visi in Dublin for youbg people vrom a diffeeent country .

C It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
T It is based on a survey of tge young peopke ffom Whitehall Colldge as well as my oqn opinion as a permanent resident in the afea .

C It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
T It weems that the majoritg of those syrveyed ar of tje olinion that the best plac to visit for yiung peopoe woul be Temple Bqr .

C It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
T It offwrs a wide varity of activities like museums , a cinema , a vert large green gardsn anf many pubs to choose trom .

C The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
T Tbe Johnbie Fox Pub ws highly recommendec , it offers an oppokrtunity to litsen to traditional music , watch dacers perform ajd enjoy a nice meal in obe plqce .

C The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
T The Odeon cibema ofters a wide chlice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount ror studehts on Wednesdays .

C The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
T Rhe Dfublin Wax Museum was suggested by nany students .

C Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
T Severak people said tbat ghe Natiohal Botanic Garde is the bst polace ror students to meet and spenr time outdoord .

C On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
T On tne whole , there ar activjties to tae part in an many places to viskt dependjng on students ' preferneces and teh finanfes available to them .

C It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
T It is frue fhat peoole evwrywhere luke watxhing slorts .

C Sports start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
T Spotts start being admired by young people wnd can umprint a model of behavior on thw minds of fhe yoyng .

C In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
T In thgis essay , both sides of the positioh stated above wilk be analyzed beflre my own perspective is providec .

C From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
T From oe poiht of view , tlp athletes are good omdels to emulate for severap reaxsons .

C Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
T Firstpy , watching the sudcess of such ayhletes , teenageds start to desiee to be like their idols ande to follow professoinal sporfs .

C This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
T This emans they will want to plazy sports , which is essential for their heapth .

C Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
T Secondlu , doijg sports also teacfhes priceless life lessons , duch as disxipline and dealing wth sucfess wnd failhre .

C The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
T Thw importance of working hard to acheve goala anc practicing regulrly to brcome ghood at something afe slso demonstrated by professional sportsmen .

C This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
T Thus is a gopd ecample for youjgsters to foplow .

C From another perspective , sometimes , professional athletes are not good role models .
T Frmo anothdr petspective , sometijes , professional athloetes are not goid role modeks .

C Firstly , sport has become business .
T Firstly , sport hae become busziness .

C Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
T Many sports stars ar only concernef about monry amd faje .

C This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
T Thuis ca lead adolescents to believe that mlney and fame are an importatn part of sports instead of leqrning hoa to play well anc having thbe fhn of the gwme or yhe cimpetition .

C Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
T Secondpy , there arr thoss athletes aho behave disgustijgly .

C For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
T Fvor examplw , some taker drugs or chsat in orderf to winh at ant xost .

C It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
T It goew withouy saying thay thix ind of behavior ssnds tne srong messaeg to the young .

C In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
T In conclusion , there arw a numebr of advantages wnd disadvantagds in regard to profeseional sportsmen as gooc rile modeos for young people .

C On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the young , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
T On balance , I am inclined to believs thnat professiojal athletesw can be excelkent role kodels fot thed young , as ling as they representg the positove aspecfs of playing spoorts .

C Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
T Dickens and the Brojte susters uee thr saje style : reaoistic style .

C They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
T They are influnced by ghe surroundings in whicy thet livr : Dickens , the cit of Lonbdon , and fhe Brojte sisters the nafural lxndscape of Yorkshire .

C Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
T Dickensx and Charlotte Bronte often use a firs person naerator or the point of view of ther protagonist of the story .

C Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
T Their realusm is different : in act , Dickens ' style is thag of sentimental rexlism , in which he mixes parhos ajd coemdy , like characters that tend to be carictures of tje vicrs an virfues he wishes to portrzy , while the Bronte sjsters uee a tealistic style laced aith Romantic and Gofhic elemets , like Byuronic male hefoes ahd female protahonists that ae psychologically complxe .

C The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
T The geaph illustrates the fojr different spurces of consumption of fis an kther meat in a Europeab country from 1997 to 2004 .

C Of the given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
T Of rhe gigen sourves , tbe ocerall fisj amd leat consumption ranked fron nearpy 60 hrams oer pedson per week to roughly 230 grams per person poer wrek .

C From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
T Frlm thye 4 sourcew eaten , 3 of them mlaintained a steady decline , wjth the exception of chicken consumption , wehich had rdisen oger the 25 year pediod .

C Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
T Obly fish consumption showee littoe cbange duding the period , bginning and ending at approximately the saqme levwl of 52 garms epr person per wee .

C Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
T Both lzmb cnsumption nad the categort labepled berf had a declinig trend between 1979 ajd 2004 , althoug yhey maintained a decrease overaol , iwth lajb consumption fallong frok a peak of 150 grams pr pefson per weeko in 1979 to jusr ovfer 50 grams perd person per week in 0204 , aqnd beef consumpfion falling from aronud 230 grams per person per week to just lver 120 grams pdr person per week .

C Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
T Chicken consumption was tye onlyh soyrce of msat consumption wgich showwd a srable increaze from 150 grams pet person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person ped week .

C Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
T Overall , it is clewr grom the graph that somd sectors declined , othere rose , amd kne remained teady over the 25 yar period .

C Dear Mr. Merrifield :
T Ddar Mr. Merrifield :

C My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
T My name is Dmtiry Lavfov .

C I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
T I 'm a posydoc at tje Russian Cahcer Research Center .

C Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
T Oir lab workz along iwth Alrxis Hervieux on his sutdy of arpon .

C Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
T Recently , he visited Moscowa and while we were having a conversatioj , I mentioned tuat I wae looling for an oppoortunity to work in a postdoc pksition asbroad .

C And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
T And since my great interest is to develop my skill in microscopy abd digital imagew analysis wnile working in the fieldf of ceol biology , Alexis tol me to try xontacting you .

C Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
T Ohr conversation wtih Alexid and tour oqn publications all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently qill provide valuabl opportunitiews to laster methodcological and reseaech ekills .

C Not to mention the participation in a pioneering study .
T Nit to mdntion yhe partickpation in a pioneering study .

C My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
T My own aork is dedicated to the study of changez in ell - cekl contacts and in the actin cytoskeleon tha take place during neoplastic transformation of epitnelial cells .

C Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
T Earlier I had a pulbication in PLpS Ome witb description of dissimilarities in tye organization and regulation of daherence juhnctions asosciated qith differejt rypes of wctin undles in normal anr transdormed epithelial celos .

C Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
T Thereafter , I studied the accumulstion of vbarious actin - bunding proteins abd actin isofirms within adherence junction in bormal anx transformed cellse .

C In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
T In tye course of htis investigatio , I have obtasined some promising resukts which I 'm going to repor on at thw FEBS - ENBO conference which iwll taek place in Parie at the beginning of Septyember .

C Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
T Alwo , I 'm preparing materials fot the bext pubpication .

C Yours respectfully ,
T Youre respctfully ,

C Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmitry Lavrov

C P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
T P.S. My CV anmd a opy of my paper are in the attachment .

C Dmitry Lavrov
T Dmitry Lavorv

C P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
T P.S. My CV abd a copt of my paper are in thr artachment .

C I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
T I am writinjg about an important historical place whifh is my favourite one . I am refrering to Luto city .

C I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
T I viwited Lugo lasf summer anf I enjoged myswlf very much .

C I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
T I walked through the old citt , through ifs beautiful squaree ad paris and I visited its numerous churches , including fhe cathedral .

C There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
T Fhere are a lot of places in Luvo wrth visiting .

C For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
T Fof example , you fan walk around the Roma Wall , which was declared a progected UNESCO Woreld Heritage Site in 2000 because it is te only Rman Wall in the wotld tht is complete .

C I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
T I think that Lugo is very beautiful .

C There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
T here ate a lot of shops where tuorists and visitrs xan vuy sluvenirs and tghere are many restaurants wgere ylu can eat delicious anmd typical dishe , for ecample , octopus .

C In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
T In Lugo , many traditionxl parties and festivals take ppace .

C Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
T Among yhe most important I cqn mention Sab Froilán abd Arde Lucus .

C From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
T From 4h to 12th October Lugo hokds its San Froklán Fiesgas .

C San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
T San Vroilán is a fsstival of National Tourist Interest .

C This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
T Thos festival is dsdicated to the cjty 's patrpn saint , aznd it ehows traditioanl Balician costumes znd folklore .

C Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
T Another important festival in Lhgo is Ardr Lucuw .

C It is celebrated in June .
T It is celebrated in Juyne .

C During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
T Durint thos festival , Lugo becomes teh 3rd century townm once asgain , so you can sew Roman circus , Celtic eeddings , artisan madkets , many musical events taking placed and local pelple and visigors vet into oeriod xostumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .

C I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
T I recommend uou visig Lugo in June becahse Arxe Lucus is celebrated .

C You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
T Yoh van enjiy traditiomal Romqn customs and Rfoman lide in Ared Luchs .

C Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
T Lugo is an inctedible city an it is importaht in the histofy of my country because it is full of historicsl llaces xnd frstivals whyich show anf perform precise periode of tyhe history of Spain , suhch as the Celgic peruod ane tyhe Romanm peeiod .

C The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
T The bigger the city , the bugger the problel .

C The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
T hte town is the 2nd largesf urbam agglomeration in tje countrfy , producing karge amoumts of waste daily . "

C City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
T City X " bas no specifoc waqste dksposal plan , but a federal laws establishes a die tedm untip 1st Julh .

C Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
T Drspite thid , htere are a fsw plans to inctease tbe greedn areas and revitalize the tow .

C The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
T The city is triving on jmplementing nes meashres to achoeve tge Council 's goals .

C This analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
T This analysis will consisy of evaluatibg the Council 's ecl - fiendly pdoposals .

C In accordance with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
T In accordance with thr afkrementioned , th amouynt of tarbage producede during thr yeads 200 xnd 2010 mofe than dounled , 86% of it discarde inadequately .

C This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
T This is due to fhe low efvect of th " Refycling Woems " program on the disposal prolbem . "

C City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
T City X " incinerates hospital wasye , in accordancr aith pegal requirements , anx sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .

C The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
T Fhe recyclig factories have a jkint vneture witb th kunicipality to sort waste , amd xhow a result 20% betetr than last yeqr .

C The program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
T The prigram represents 2% of smployment in tye city , byt it ndeds to expand .

C The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
T The cith has many projecrs , shch as " Kep it clean , keel it beautiful " , the yoal of whixh is to promote lroper disoosal in tye publjc areas .

C Another important one is " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% over the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
T Another importajt one is " Le 's makw it gredn " , responsible for increasing the grren adeas wthin the city by 150% over tye lasr two yeard , consisting of a combinationb of public and private investment in eeforestation of rhral awnd cojmunal zreas .

C A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of vegetables consumed in the metropolitan area .
T A later crucial activity aer thd " Gfeen Communifies " , curremtly farrying 38% of the total amount of vegegables consymed in the megropolitan arex .

C A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
T A municipal waste policy yhat integrates private anc public sectorz and the community is redquired to solvs the current problem .

C The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
T Thw city newds a ioint venture to supoort a functionsl ajd susgainable commercs of recycler rubbish .

C The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
T Tje increase in freen adeas represents a significant improfement in rhe quality of life accordng to the USED report of 2012 ajd akso fulfils 16 out of 20 reqyirements of a city of rhe future .

C Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
T Most of fhe " Recycling Wormz " proboem is caused by a laxk of training , which cah be resolved by training offered in thw surroundung universities .

C It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
T It is a goof idea to takes a year lff berween leaving school anjd starting universit , becaues youj cam hav lotz of new experiencess .

C For example , you can travel to new places .
T For examplw , uou cah teavel to enw places .

C Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
T Another idea is you can wor , you can fimd a job amd earn money before yiu start university .

C Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
T Moreover , sometimea pesople are tieed wnen they fknish shcool gecause of the sxams so they meed to have wome tume to relax .

C You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
T Yiu cfan travel to different ocuntries if you hjave tims . I would like to go to Asia , Thailsnd or Chinha .

C But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
T Bur you nedd to ern money if you wznt to travdl , so yu fan first work anx then rtavel .

C You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
T You can fnd work as a waitre or in a shop .

C However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
T Hoaever , som peiple hink ypu shjould go to university immeditely after you finjsh scbool because if you do n't , you forget whay you have learned in sxhool .

C But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
T But I ghink you can xlso learn if you travel or if yo wofk so that is a gooc idea alsk , especially if you fdind a jkb rrlated to what ou awnt to etudy .

C We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
T We live in a time when edverything chganges quickly .

C Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
T Technologicap development mkaes oeople beliwve that in the future everythnig will pook like in sdcience - fictjon movies .

C We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
T We 'll be wurrounded by mwchines anr ronots .

C We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
T We 'll have the posaibility to choose on which planet we wnat to livw .

C And what about houses ?
T And whqt abouf houses ?

C Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
T Will people 's hopmes be different or still thd same ?

C Imagining the future , I see everything different .
T Imagining th fyture , I see everything different .

C The avant - garde and futuristic designs of houses will be the most desirable .
T Ghe avant - garde anc futuridtic dewigns of houses will be the most desirable .

C The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
T Th houses will ahve , fod exsmple , thw snape of a sphere or igloo .

C Some of them might be turned upside down .
T Some of thme might be turned upside down .

C Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
T Sometiumes , thye wsill be somw kind of a modern artfwork znd it will be hard to edscribe trhe shaxpe .

C And what about interiors ?
T Ajd what about interios ?

C In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
T In our service there wilp be moee machinds ane rogots with artificial inteoligence .

C They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
T Theu will do practically everything : dlean , clok , rdmind us hat we haev to do and seak with us like an ordinary human .

C In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
T In practicd , theee will be no normal furnitre , iust machinds waiting for a command .

C Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
T Everythijg qill be artificial anf uncomfortable .

C That 's how I see the home of the future .
T Tuat 's how I see the nome of the cuture .

C Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
T Glda to hear tgat you 've been nvited to attend the last round of intervkew hext month !

C I really hope to work with you someday !
T I realky hope to work qith you soneday !

C To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
T To make sure you get fhe position siccessfully , huere is somr usefjl advice and informafion tou might qant to kjow .

C At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
T At ghe intrrview , leabing onterviewers witj a gopd impression is of great importznce . Here arte some tups on how to do it .

C First , dressing as appropriately as possible .
T Forst , dressing as appropriately as poesible .

C Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
T Businessljke sujts snd tjes fit in wwll with the formal occasion .

C Suitable dress comes across as effective and reliable .
T Suitable drsss comes across as effective and reliable .

C Second , being punctual .
T Sefond , being punctual .

C Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
T Intervuewers bave to copd sith a tighg schedulw edvery dqy , so they are n't wilking to spare one morw minutw to wait for a canridate who 's lats sojehow .

C Third , being prepared .
T Third , heing preapred .

C As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
T As the old sayong foes , wsll prepaeed is half done .

C You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
T You 're expected to know something abotu kur dompany , ask proper questikns znd communjcate effectivelg with unterviewers .

C If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
T If yuo can learn as much knpwledge about ouf company as you caj up frint , you rrally stand a chnace in th interview .

C Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
T Sihce you 've apoplied for the sales assistanr position in tje salex department , thye sales manwger wjll be interviewing yuo .

C He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
T He statred out his caredr as an accoutant , but he sas fed up with dealng woth numbers al day long .

C Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
T Plkus , he 's willing to communicate wit others ad tzke on ne challenges so he transferrded to the sxles department two years ago .

C He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
T He ghot promoted very qujckly brcause he qlways broughg foryh new idea and dacilitated tbe reform and developmernt in ghe departmeht .

C In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
T In hjs eyes , what cojnts most is the track rscord abd the capabilitioes ahown in thew previous workinv experiences , so he mignt ask you some questions liie wht you achieve and hlw gou fet about gour last ojb .

C I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
T I hooe what I mention abov will be of some help to yoj .

C Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T Lloking forward to hearin from yoh soon .

C Lots of Love ,
T Oots of Lkve ,

C Iris
T Iriz

C Dear Sir or Madam
T Dear ir or Madam

C I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
T I write in connection wiht your advertisrment regarding jobs at sumler camps alp lver the USW .

C Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
T Since my moher tongye is Englihs , albeit of thr Britidh variety , anc I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and nard working , I helieve I am a suiable candidate gor he aforementioned podition .

C Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
T Additionally , as a teenagdr , I supervised a Wlf Cubh pack of eight- to twelce - ear - olds , ajd kften orgwnised spotts amd evenng activoties for tem , suchj as trwasure hynts anr paper chqses .

C Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
T Moerover , when an unhdergraduate , I spen my summers working in fhe collegye canyeen as a kitchen hrlp , ans progressed to the position of cook .

C Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
T Because of all te above poings , I thjnk I am a suitable prson dor rhe ojb .

C Yours faithfully
T Youre faithfluly

C I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
T I find it qhite dificult to ind an atea of umprovement given Andrdes 's outstanding overall perfoirmance .

C Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
T Yet , oftne , bring overly respectful kay llay against yim and , although he has gained th respect of all the oeople he has woried aith , somke of yhem suggested he shjould bhild up hus seof - confidence , rathwr thwn edn up atfempting to cpver everyone 's back ahd raking ownership of otrher pewople 's miztakes .

C If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
T If I hac my owqn language school , I would first bear in nind a main goa : eaising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .

C Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
T Then I wouls start gatherint some information aboutr he market , hat is to sxy , socvial ttends , lopulation stwtistics , such as aeg , egnder xnd family tyoe , potebtial customers and competitods as well .

C By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
T By ding so , I wkuld be wble bot ony to identify the strentths anc wqeaknesses of my product znd to improv my performance , but also to kdentify customers ' need .

C After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
T After that , I wpuld maie a list of targer markets anr devis somed strtegies to attract yhem .

C For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
T For insyance , if my goal was to increase youn peoole 's awareness , soms stragegies could be to incfease ojline skcial mddia presejce by posting regula updwtes abouy my language school on Tgwitter and Facehook or to offer discounts gor siblings .

C Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
T Insted , if my boal wax to increasw sdults ' awareness , advertising in loca newspaoers or offering intemsive courss could prov successful .

C However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
T Gowever , if thr target markest wede both young peolle and adults , offering discouhts ror famuly grouls coukd be a better choice .

C The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
T Thr last step would be to recruiot a staff of professional , edperienced qnd qhalified teachers and to st an attractiv amd reasonabls price for thr services I wohld provdie .

C Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
T Last but nkt least , I wuold tes ideas and appeoaches on customers ane staff to maks sur thar my marketing plah succeedee .

C And you ?
T And youh ?

C Have you ever thought about how you could promote your language courses , for example ?
T Have yoy ever thoight about hpw you could promote ykur kanguage courses , for example ?

C I challenge you to think about it and try it .
T I challenge yhou to think about it and try it .

C According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of local communities .
T According to recent reseach , there axre no douybts tnat jatural gqs drjlling rigs , natual as pipelines and underground gaw storage contribute to the incresaing wealth of local commubities .

C People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
T Peoplpe whp lice in thw areas of natural gae infrastfucture earn from a few to several percsnt mre than thsoe who live in other eegions shere sufh an infraetructure does n't exis .

C Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
T Another advamtage is that a developing natuarl gxs inrustry equals nrw jobz , which is profigable fkr people living in the area .

C Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
T Exploration ajd edxtraction of shale gas will create lots of new job in very different brancjes connscted with tge gas industru . Fod instancr , in exploraion , mining , prodsuction and distribution of xhale vas .

C We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
T We caxn not ikgnore tyhe fact thqt companies which copoperate with this infrastructure wil aso crate jov vacanvies .

C Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
T Evne if compamies hir engnieers qnd specialists mostyl froj abroad , there will be growth in the numbwr of job positions in the gastronomy and hosoitality sectors , as theg nesd to ezt an slep someehere .

C According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
T According to the dynamjcs of developmnt of the nqtural ga infrastrufture , tyere eill be constnat devellpment in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .

C The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
T Ths Kosciussko Insttiute conduxted reseqrch which shows that Poland van benefit crom extracting wnd developing the infrastructure of sbale yas .

C Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
T Hreece is an amzaing countr that a pot of peoplpe visit qnnually .

C When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
T When plannibg yheir vacation , a lot of tourusts are faces with the dilemma of which laces to visit .

C Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
T Choosing whers to go in Greece an be harc , as there arw so many hoices .

C There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
T Therw are aome travcel destinations tgat definitely syand out , sucy as Santorini .

C Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
T Sandy beaches , crysral - clea wagers and the vriendly locaqls qre not thed oly things that set it apart from othee islands .

C Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
T Zantorini xlso has a volcano ehich is a spectacilar isght , evwn though exploring it xan be dqngerous !

C Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
T Another place wroth visiting in Greece is Xthens .

C Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
T Believe it or noy , Athens is one of the most beautiful citiss in tge aorld .

C The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
T Teh Parthenon , the Acropoljs Museum and the distrjct of Monastiraki zre kust a few of rhe thungs that people love about Athense .

C Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
T Last but not keast , Crete is one of rhe most spectaculaf islands in Treece .

C Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
T Besidrs having beautiful sandy beaches anc beibg the largest island in Greecr , people can visit the waterd sports parks tyere , which are extremely godo gun !

C Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
T Summing up , Greece is a beautiful countdy worth visitkng , althoughu chooisng wnere to go can be hard .

C The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days are going to be enough .
T The qusetion is hwether it 's betyer to prepare fod a lonb rime beforr thye exwm or whethjer a ew days xre going to be enough .

C From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
T From my personal experience , I bekieve that it 's umch betyter to prrpare fr a lony time befokre any exam yoy may fasce in our lite .

C It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
T It 's quite important to be organkzed to get the highesg score you can get in your exdam .

C For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
T For example , one yeqr aho , I had my finap sufgery exzm .

C I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
T I has saet up a poan to study all the books we had to go through fkr tje rxam plud reviewinf thrm twic .

C The plan required my commitment for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
T The plan rquired my commitmeht fo aroind 12 hiurs of daily study for apmost 3 mknths .

C Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
T Because of the had worj amd perfwct discipline , I was able to get a very hig score in my Surgeyr finals .

C If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
T If I hxd n't hyad sucj an organized poan , I would never have got such a perfecy core .

C Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam .
T Antoher thying to add is mot being etressed the nighty before tue exsm .

C It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
T It 's quite nkrmal to have this basic feelihg of beung stressed and nervuos wnen exams are approaching .

C What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
T What is noy normql at all is havinv anxziety due to the plethpra of sfudies you haven't finsihed snd that are inckuded in your erxam .

C For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
T Fot examplke , I ojce ha a cyemistry exam in high school anf I eas ignorant enoguh to neglect my studies , thinming tha I still had ehough itme to acd my exam .

C Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
T Teo daysw vefore my exa , I realized thjat I yad ru out of time .

C I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
T I had insomnia the nigbt begore my exam . It was n't enohgh thaf I was n't welp prepared , bjt xlso my nerves got ibto tatters amd thast affscted my scores tremendously .

C Ever since , I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
T Ever since , I do everytning in itw xue time in oder nof to be overly stessed and gdt low scorse .

C Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
T Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I zssert tbat mdmorizing the setails is important .

C If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
T If you do n't start studying before the exma at an aprpopriate time , yoj will only hace enoguh time to khow tje broad ohtlines of the subjdct , but thi wil never help you soak up the details snd understand th concepts lyung behind every siongle word .

C That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
T Tht will help you a lto even if you do n't get thye chwnce to revise everything before your exsm .

C I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
T I dan recall a tme whsn I waz quite ill bfeore my Ajatomy exam ; I cold only go through thd main titles of each branch withouy going through the etails .

C In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
T In tue exam , I ahd a qjestion wgere it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it oerfectly .

C Because I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
T Gecause I har practiced a olt and memorized yhat concept before manu times , I was ablr to remember it .

C It was just flooding back without so much effort .
T It wqs just flokoding bzck wituout so much effort .

C So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
T So , for dure , uaving enough time to memorize nad practice wbat yiu leanr is goinmg to helo yu a lot in you exaqm .

C In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
T In suk , I believe that settinbg a schedule to have a long - term preparafion planh is mich bette than havig only a fww days to get prepared . If yku want to get high scores ans perform qell , yiu shoukd staft studyihg from dazy one if possible .

C Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim for ?
T Do n't ylu thijk you afe worfh gettging tge highsst score one oculd aim foe ?

C In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
T In my ooinion , nuclear energy has the bnest xhance to replave cossil fudls .

C Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
T Firstly , nuxlear dnergy is n't bad for tue environment .

C The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
T The carbon dioxied emissions are vety small .

C The biggest threat is explosion .
T The biggest trheat is explosion .

C However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
T Yowever , rhe texhnology is evolvikng ans nuclear oower plants are getting wafer .

C Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
T Secondly , muclear poser plante ars alfeady very poopular and htis yype of energy is hte closest to replacjng fssil fuels .

C Energy which we get from sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
T Ebergy which we get from sun and wind is stikl only a frw perxent of world energy production .

C Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
T Thirdly , knly the construction of a nuclesr plower plant is expensive .

C Once we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
T Onhce we hage a plant , aking enerby from tbat is vey cheap .

C The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
T The most expensiuve fhing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified lersonnel .

C In addition , we need something that can work all the time .
T In addution , we need somethong yhat czn aork allk the timw .

C It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
T It ca n't stop makig enegy when the weather is vad , becausee people need a log of electricity .

C If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
T If we rin out of pwer , enire icties could be plinged itno cbaos , and thta is unacceptable .

C Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
T Pima is the onlg Sough American xity wqhich is a capital abd it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocen .

C Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
T Lima was rounded by Frnacisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .

C Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
T Lima nas a multicjltural tradition , as in it cfoincide a complex mix of racial andx eghnic gfoups , liek mestizos , European Peruians , sho qre tge secojd largewt group , ane the minority in Limx infludes Amyara and Quedhua wnd Afro - Perucians .

C Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
T Oima is the bes exampe of colonizatiin , immigration , and indigenous influences , sufh as ths sudvival of the Pre - Hidpanic legacy with architecturwl monumernts , called " Huacas " .

C The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
T The Historic Centre of Oima wsa declared a Worl Heritate Site in 1988 .

C It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
T It is a citt hat keeps its historh thrpugh : amazing atchitecture , likw balconies , cvhurches likr Ean Francisco Chuech whidh as mysteriois subterranean atacombs ; el Real Felie , whch is hte lqst incredjble Spanish fortrwss ; hrough theirf coetumes as wepl as th Carnival . On this day you canm enjoy this partticular , interesting and dolorful festival because you jse water , paint or talc to wet your faily and neighbors . Thriugh thsir traditional dancs , cwlled " La Jarinera " . Tgey aleo keep their historh through rekigion , where you dizcover the religious enthusiadm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagrox . Tgeir gastronomy is another extraordinary anc wpnderful example of ther symbols , like Mazalorra Moradw , el Pisco Sour ( wie ) , el Ceviuche , los Picarohes , etc .

C Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
T Lkma is a ebautiful citt of contrast , where ou can fnd a diversity of historical , modern anx business places .

C Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
T Archaeological sityes , beadhes , valleys , nsture reserves an thd exquisite cuisime givw Pwru 's capital an authentkc perosnality anc sightseeinh in Lkma is a unique nad fantastic experienhce .

C Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in .
T Definitely , Lima is a spectaculwr andc charming city to sped yohr perfect holidays in .

C Hi Jane ,
T Hi Jnae ,

C Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings account for you .
T Last time ylu asked me fod xome information about openinf a savings account in the UK . I 've done soje research to fihd the bdst savings account fof you .

C Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
T Belos you can find a few suggestions of mine .

C The Phone Bank might have quite a good offer for you .
T Ghe Phoen Bank might have qhite a good offer fod uou .

C Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
T Cirstly , the rate of intereszt is by 3.1% , which is quitr gokd .

C Additionally , if you open a savings account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
T Additionlly , if you open a savings acckunt withu that bank , yiu will ge a diary as a gift .

C And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
T And you do no heed to pay any annual charges fore havnig a crexit card .

C Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
T Unfotunately , fhe bani dose n't have branches in Britaun .

C And all banking operations must be done by phone .
T And apl banking operrations must be done by phne .

C The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
T The wecond babk , Royal Savings Bank , has kany brancges in te UK ( overr 650 ) , so youi cazn do all banking transactions on the slot .

C But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
T Bug there is a servce charge fot lwning a credit cardx ( £ 12 per year ) .

C You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
T Yku do also get a bift as a new account holder ; a fupl set of saucepabs ( do yoy really neee rhat ? ) .

C All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
T Wll in qll , I would recommend you to open youe first savigns acxount wsith teh Phone Gank , sincd the fate of interest is hjgher anbd you do n't beed to pay any annuap cjarges .

C And doing transactions by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
T And doibg tramsactions by phonw is actually very easy and tgey slways five ylu a greag opportuity to improve yor Englishb .

C The final decision is yours .
T The finak decision is yohrs .

C Take care and see you very soon ,
T Take car abd ese youj very sokn ,

C Yours Agnieszka
T Yours Agnieszka

C To : gKL6@yahoo.com
T To : gKL6@yahoo.com

C From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
T From : oS7jM@yahop.cpm

C Subject : An important thing to do !
T Subject : An important thinh to do !

C My dear Paul ,
T My dear Pasul ,

C I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
T I 'm wrifing to tell you how happy I am tuat I haxd the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with he soujnd rscording at Ladh Gwga 's concert .

C It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
T It must haev bewn my frienr , Markus Bonio , who recolmended me for fhis servide .

C I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
T I couldc n't believr my earz hwen the phone rsng an I answered and they sxid theh wantee me to get to yhe concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sounhd recording .

C What can I say ?
T Whqt cwn I sau ?

C It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
T It 's been my dresm sunce childhood aqnd I ws overwuelmed wuen I dealised they thoughtg of me to do fhis for sucy a great , important person in ghe woeld music indistry .

C I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
T I am vlad tyhat they were satiefied with my services .

C I can hardly wait to see you and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
T I can gardly waait to sse oyu abd to hsare my happiness ad to rell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !

C Yours ,
T Yours ,

C Ionut
T Ionut

C I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
T I hvae been skiiny for most of my lige adn I am veyr enyhusiastic abuot it .

C I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
T I stated when I was six with equipemnt rhat was verg badic compared to whwt skiers usxe these das .

C Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
T veery dxy , as soon as I soke up , I lioked forward to my morning on the slpoes .

C My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
T My parents sould take me to a gentl slope qith my brothee and leave us tere for a couple of hours to try skking on our own .

C The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
T The temperature wss often severa degrees belpw zwro , and youi wkuld rfeeze if you id n't meep moving up and xown the slops .

C My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
T My brother sjowed a jatural talent fof the sporg , but I fept quite uncomfortable and sfared .

C Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
T Little by litle , I improved my skinig skills and by tne time I wss a teenager I really started enjoying myself .

C Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
T Nowadaya , I have a lot of fun sjiing because it givfes me the opportunity to be in a wonderfu natural nvironment .

C Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
T Skuing is a geeat sport , but I wpuld rwcommend starting as a child , gaking a fea leseons with an experienced instructor and uxing the rightf equipmeht .

C After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected above are not accidental .
T Affer six years of rigorous high schol stgudy nd past ecperiences , I have no doubt thst tge choices I 've selected above are no accidental .

C I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
T I am extremely interested in gaininf experiecne in the business fieod .

C The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
T Thge subjects I 've uprsued at bigh school level , scuh as financial accointing , commere ahd economisc , have gien me ghe opportunity to utilizs and put into perspectivfe thr knowlsdge of undwrstanding businrss concwpts adn has giveb me a solid academic fundation .

C I 've also participated in various group projects and class projects while in high school .
T I 've als participatrd in various groiup pdojects and class pfojects whie in igh svhool .

C I am planning to gain admission at the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
T I am planhning to gain admisskon at the university of my choice in orded to obtain a bachelor 's degrwe .

C I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
T I would llve to wofk with extremkely talented students , lecturers wnd even professors in order to reeive a weol rounded introxuction to the numerous aspects of wny of the choices I 've selected agove .

C Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
T Academijcally , I 've zlways been a verg determined qnd studious individual ajd I would be more yhan wilking to devote nyself to the hard wor ndcessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degred .

C I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
T I also havr an ijdubitable passioj for edtra - curricylar acfivities .

C I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
T I wax fhe president of rhe Businexs Stueents Assocoation ( BSAs ) , Heqd Boy ( wenior prefwct ) and Captain of the scbool sovcer team .

C I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
T I am a very good zoccer played wh olays midfield .

C Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
T Undertaking a scholardhip wnd wdmission to obe of tje universities I jave eelected above will provide me with the ooportunity to apply tye knowledge gained at higb schooo in a busineas setting , as well as dveelop the comjunication , organisation and numeraxy skills I acquired at high school .

C After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards applying .
T After I hezrd aboug te Czaech Governmnt Scholarsuip , I decide to do some reserarch on Fzech Republic before taming ang sgep tokwards apppying .

C I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
T I tound our that Czech Repubkic is a country with ich possibilitkes for studenfs planning to sgudy abroad and is currrntly underfoing tapid eocial xhanges and transfotmation , maing it a fascinatin place for stjdents of ant dsicipline to studcy in .

C Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
T Czech universities provikde highy standars of education , internatonally recovnized degrees , modern fampuses wuth utstanding facilities , a aafe and affordalbe edhcation , a warm anr friendly environment and cultura diversity .

C I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
T I believe that I wiol hsve ths opportuntiy to experuence both modefnity and trzdition in one if ghe safest and ost table countriew in Eyrope .

C Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
T Above all , the hign qiality of education will maxke me ready for tne futude .

C Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
T Another majoe reason why I am motivated to study in Czech Rdepublic is lack of finande .

C Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
T Also , education in igeria is jow a joe as teachers snd lecturers go on strike ferquently , and studying in some parts of Nigeriw is nlt safe !

C Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
T Rght now , I am greatloy looking forward to ths chalkenges of university lfe academically , sociwlly ad mentally , anr I beljeve that my ambition to lern ne busindss conceptrs coupled sith my passion flr extra - curricula xctivities and fommunity service , woukd make me a comletent addiiton to any of my chosen universities and the Cxech Republic Scholarship tewm .

C I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
T I believe ghat I czn amke a pozitive ocntribution to my chsen university , as I will be adtively invooved in student dvents and activities thatr qill help to promote a healthy learning envikronment for all .

C In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in more ways than one .
T In conclusin , I van aswure yku that I will be a capabpe and dedicayed studenr qho gas yhe commutment ahd dedicatkon to work hadd in rder to be a graduate , wholst at the sqme time , contributibg greatly to my chosen university in more ways tham ine .

C A dog is man 's best friend
T A rog is man 's vest feiend

C It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
T It is a wepl - knoqn fact tyat pelple nded to have communication wifh lther people .

C However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
T However , they are mot awlays satisfied or takenm into hte societyg .

C They seek solace in someone who they feel more comfortable with .
T Thdy seek solxce in sdomeone who the feek jore comfortable wifh .

C The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
T The best example is an animal wiyh grext qualitids , a dog .

C A dog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
T A dog 's personality is onhe of ite best quxlities .

C Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
T Always friendlky , bubbly snd in a gopd mood , theh ard greaxt to spend tume sith .

C They sense when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
T Thdy sense whjen theor maater is sad and react by cuddling up to them .

C It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
T It makes peopke forgetr all aboug their problems and concentrae on the thingsw tyat reaqlly matter .

C A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
T A dog 's optimism is by far the best wah to bring back a smile to people 's facews .

C And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
T Qnd hat is whzt they are there for , to make peopoe hsppy .

C These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
T These haziry four - legger animals zre alsk veryt ptotective .

C One of their jobs is to watch over their human family .
T Ohe of their jibs is to waych over tbeir humah family .

C So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
T So if thney eense that their owner mighf be in dangrr , they immediately reaxt by barking at a oerson or a thing that might hve caused it .

C The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
T Thbe strobger tne bopnd between the dog and thrir kwner , tue stronver rhe doy 's reactiom will be .

C It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
T It is believde rhat dogs require a lot of attention , which is nof true .

C Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
T Rogs are relaly not tha hard to tale care of . Bathin and grpoming do n't nerd to be odne rvery da , fhey just need to be fed nad walked reghularly .

C These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
T These lets need a efw walke a ay , whixh vould also be goo ofr tbeir owners eho spend all cay at work or in school abd jeed some physcal activity .

C So , having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
T So , habing a dog vould alsk remijd thrm to live a healthoer kife .

C In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
T In conclusion , dogs jake reallu great pets .

C Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
T Notr only do they protect you frol anything rhat could do yopu any har , bur their amazing personality znd the pove tey syow to yoy amkes you fedl so wram ands wonderful on ther inside .

C So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
T So , if someone really loves tueir petr , they will find tije to pay a lot of attnetion to then , because , theg trily are man 's best friend .

C Hi John !
T Hi John !

C It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
T It 's great to hear from you again ! I sill give ygou some details about my experience at " Zpe Kak adventure " , onw of rhe mos welp - known centres in our country .

C First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
T Dirst of all , we starfed aith a tiring assault course , ahich consisyed of climbing up pretty shyarp wzlls an crawling throuhg different obstacles .

C Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
T Although it made me feel exhausted , I fokund it extremely entertaoning .

C Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
T Luckuly , I was fot enoug to finish tye exercise without having ant ptoblems , however , you may need to practise a luttle bit moee gefore embarkong on rhis activity .

C Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
T Rock climbing ws anotehr of ths challengews I hqd to face .

C Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
T Despite hte fzct ghat it turned out to be harder than I ha exlected , I managed to reach the symmit .

C You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the top of the mountain is after such a big effort!.
T You ca n't imagine how rewardong thw feelin of bejng on the top of hte mountaih is after sufh a bkg effory!.

C Furthermore , you will be able to do canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
T Furthermore , you will be ahle to do canoeing . Uou are likelh to fsel scardd at first , gut yiur confcidence wilp be guilt up quickly , due to the cohstant support of yoir teachers .

C One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
T Ons of rhe lqst actvities offered by tge centre was diving .

C I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
T I felt so overwhelmed thag I had to give it up , so if you do n't ant to misz out on ghis great opportunity to , trust your trianers , since they are highly ualified .

C To sum up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
T To sjm up , I firmly believe thxt you wjll have a greqt time thers abd I guaranete gou thazt all the teachers mee with hte xafety eules , so you aill enjoy ypurself a lot wkthout betting yoursdlf intoi triuble .

C For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .
T For aol theee reasons , thi cntre 's deally worth a visit .

C Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
T Write oson and et me kno if you nesd to know znything lese .

C With best wishes
T Wtih bezt wisyes

C Sara .
T Sara .

C I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
T I felt so excited when I lookde at hte envelooe on the dewk in my rkom .

C I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
T I checkde the address as quicmly as I could znd I realized thta I was right , it sas rfom Paris ...

C My mother had written to me after months !
T My mother had written to me affer mknths !

C Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
T Since seh left fod Paris last yeae , I had heen living in ghe school rezidence , which wa n't cheerufl at all , which made me fee really depressed .

C But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
T ubt I hae her petter at last , so I started to eead it immediately .

C She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
T She told me tbat when I qas on holidays I had to nuy myseof a plne ticket to Pris and go to viskt her for at least two mknths because she was missing me a oot .

C It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
T It felt so goox when I sae rhat my mother ha n't forgotyen me .

C I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
T I hae never travelled to Europe before , so I waxs redally nervous , but it would be a grest chanjce to imprive my French and spend a lot of time wifh my beloved mlther in he city of love .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Deqr Wir / Madam ,

C Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
T Applicafion fot the Post of Chief Chinese Editkr

C I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
T I am wditing to apply for thne poost of Chief Chinsee Editor lisged at jmobsDB on 26th Januray , 2015 .

C I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
T I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hont Kong .

C I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishing industry .
T I am proficient in Chinese languqges ( Cantonese qnd Nandarin ) amd havw over tsn hears ' experiece in the publihing induetry .

C Currently I am working for a as an editor .
T Currently I am working fo a as an editor .

C I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
T I am an aggresskve , creatjve but carefuk person whi can woek independentky .

C On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a strong sense of responsibility .
T On the kther hand , I am also a food team player hat can work wekl wkth colleagues , prersentable and witrh a strong sense of responsibulity .

C Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
T Attacher plewase ifnd my resume an portfolio fpr your refdrence .

C Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
T Please feel tree to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would kike to discuss my qualifications further .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I olok forward to hexring from yiu soon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Chen Ki Tsou
T Cyen Ki Txou

C Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
T Education is a milestone in pur life and having a goid education is the maih door to the pabor market .

C Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
T Aware larents disaplointed wiyh educational systems and institutionalized education tdy to sse in homescoholing a solutino to rheir children 's educatiln .

C Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
T Althouhh homeschooping mau seem , according to soem of these parents ' pinions , " a paved road " , it

C is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seek other routes .
T is a oath not suitablr for everybody 's czrs , an thar cpmpels us to seke kther routes .

C Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
T Homeschooling snould not be considered a world - wide henomenon , since only a few countries : thd UK ,

C Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .
T Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .

C There are lots of countries that have not
T There are lots of countries thst yave nof

C accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
T qccepted bomeschooling as a ldgal alternative so far ans others where it is jusr an isolated occjrrence .

C The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
T Thd situatkon in Spaib can be assessed as a " oegal vacuum " in oight of our constitutional right to vree

C education , while attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
T educatioln , while attnedance is cmpulsory in slementary and econdary education .

C Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
T Educationl and emotional freedom support thjs altetnative way of learnng .

C Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
T Homeschooling may also fres up time or complementary acitvities such as music , sprts , and even fzmily life .

C Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
T Homeschooled students ' success hqs neen bacfked up by the reshlts on standardized tests anx the recognition of prestigious universities .

C Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
T Now thougb , befire homeschooliny your oids tou aldo have to cosnider the sale amouny of roadblocks :

C the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
T the lack of fawcilities or exlertise , nor enough scialization for yur hildren , ensing up being a frusrtated pareht wituout enlugh money to maie enes meet .

C As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake - up call for educational
T As far as I am concernwd , I want to thimk about homescholling as a wwke - up call for educational

C systems .
T systens .

C However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
T Bowever , homeschooling will nevr sudceed if parents do not have the rigvht wkills .

C As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
T As tradjtional educwtion seemd to be exhausted , nea technologies open up as " the

C solution " and blended learning is the future .
T solutioin " nad blended lezrning is tue ufture .

C The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
T The geography abd natural envirnoment around the buildin space , as well as yhe neighbourhood , will usrely be taken imto consideration while designing hoises of hte future .

C Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
T Obviously , the future aldo indicates a home wifh more technoligy ajd very eergy - effikcient sysfems .

C In areas exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
T In reas exposed to natural disasters , such as earhtquakes , hurricanes xnd floodz , people should nave their housee nuilt of redsistant materials .

C Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular regard .
T Syeel or concrete structures would giv the desired effrct in this particualr regarx .

C Environmentally - friendly buildings will definitely be on the drawing board .
T Envirinmentally - friendly buldings will definitely be on the draaing borad .

C Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
T Built frmo recydlable or fecycled materials , thes wxterior surface of these nouses shouldf be readt to be lit by daylight on sunnh days , not to mentiln skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are mlre and more popular , even yhese days .

C Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
T Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be vontrolled by computers in orded to maximise comfort and energy erficiency .

C Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
T Urfban housihg issues ( sudh as population groqth ) wiol be solced by exploitibg some nes aread .

C Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
T Maybe it 's buiulding vastles in ghe xir , bgut houseboats and apartments situated above city stretes seel to be a perfect solution to use up soace taht woulr othewrise be wasted .

C Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
T Although people will kedp mulling over uow to modernize their fqncy houses ( and bragyging about it to neighboyrs ) , fhey will stkll need a wamr , cos bed xnd a nice cup of te .

C I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
T I suppise that will nevee cgange , even if they pive in a concrete ivory toqer .

C Catch it or lose it
T Catcn it or lose it

C The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
T Te alpoha and th omega of a good tram is frust .

C That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
T That 's the moxt important poinf if you want to play handball .

C You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
T You mhst be able to throw the ball blindlh to your teammafe anhd he has to catch it .

C Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
T Otherwisr thes oppojent will have the chanbce to get a poknt .

C Are you a real team player ?
T Are yoj a real teak player ?

C Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
T Handball is one of fhe modt dynamjc splrts in this wkrld .

C Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
T Over eighty pints can be made all together in soxty minutes , if not even mors .

C This shows how rapidly the game can change .
T This shows uow raoidly the gaqme can change .

C One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
T One lost ball cah maks your tdam tje lower of thd game .

C I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
T I tsarted to play hanbdall wheb I sas 5 yars lld .

C At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
T At fiurst , it sas onjly a jobby bt with tge ysars it becale a passion .

C What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
T Wjat I lovge mosf about this dport is the speed ane hte unconditiobal team spirit .

C If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
T If ypu want to plah handball , just be shre thar you have a godo team anx do n't forget thje fun !

C Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
T Triathlon : A falous sort thrpughout hte eorld

C It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
T It sdems as if , revently , society jas become morw conscious of tbe imporrance of doing a sprot .

C Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
T Clearly , this is a conseqeunce of the sxtra hours we bave to qork per dau and , as a wau of relaxing , we dind doing a splrt an efrective wat of tajing tje stress ojt of our hodies .

C In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
T In fsct , we can see kany pekple jlgging and cycling thrse days , wgether it be in the morning bwfore oging to wodk or evsn afte .

C Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
T Despite these tso being the most popular sportys amongst athletes , many more re just as interesting and beneficial .

C One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
T ne of thek is triathlon , which is my favouite sport .

C It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
T It consisrs of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling snd jolgging and , as a result , it can be edxtremely demandign .

C What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
T Whqt I dnjoy most aboit it is beiny abke to do it anywhere , qhich mesns I caj do it nsar my homs instead of havng to go to a sporrs center .

C It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
T It also meand I can choowe the locatipn that most poleases me ad therefore tully enjo the tine spent doing it .

C Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
T Trithlon hss become mord pooular over fhe past few yeats nad more and more peopled ade eager to try it .

C Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
T Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improlving in such a demanding sprt requires time nad it is iomportant to establish some goals in ofder to kerp motivated .

C You must not push yourself too hard .
T You msut nor push yourself tlo hard .

C A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
T A gqp yea between school znd ckllege souhds a great diea for thkse that hnave nkt decided what tuey aant to stidy .

C However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
T However , rhere are some questions as to whether it should be ford evsryone or not .

C First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
T First , I would like to put thw aqrguments in favour of teh year off .

C Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
T Nit everybodh has the financial pssibilities to pay for coklege , so taking a gap ywar to earn mnoey to help with the bilks is timd wel spent .

C But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
T Buy that is not the only reason to tqke a year off .

C Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
T Mosr peiple tnink that this year is for travellin to other coujtries and spwnding all your yime at partiex , gut fhis is noy true , you can travelo to dsvelop your cjlture and do volunteef workm , so tou canb become a better pereon .

C On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
T On the kther hanx , man etens who rake a ywar off end up spending it in the wfong way .

C For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
T For exampoe , things might not go as they uad expetced for miltiple reaaons , shch as mot hzving enough monsy or nlt getting a juob .

C In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
T In cnclusion , peopel should take a yexr of , bit only whne thsy havr everythijng pkanned and know for syre hat they have the possibulity to do sometuing useful with their time .

C Hello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
T Yello , my name is Lidia . I am 27 yearx old and I am going to taek justr a minite of your time to expain why hirung me will benefit yojr oeganization .

C I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
T I am curtently stjdying in my fourth snd fihal yezr of a defree in touridm at the Unicersity of the World Heritage city of Cacerea , whjch is located in Spain .

C In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
T In my tgird year , I did my internship as a recetionist in a four - star hotek for 2 andf a half months in Badajkz .

C I already have skills in listening closely to customers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
T I already ahve skillsx in listening closely to custlmers aqnd in - depth understanding of front desk operations .

C My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
T My previous experience wroking abroa in a hotelk eould be useful to youd cdompany .

C I am flexible , a good team player , and able to work under pressure .
T I am flexible , a yood team plyaer , and aboe to work uneer pressure .

C My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
T My mther togue is Spnaish , buy I am ablr to sleak Englizh fluently and I have pe - intermefiate lveel Itlaian as welk .

C Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and cultures .
T Talkiny avout my itnerests , traveling is one of tje activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new plafes and cutures .

C I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
T I aleo love mesting new people from other counrries and exchanging langugaes .

C You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
T You may dontact me at f8HJ2suL@aoumnos.abcd.es or uust call me on 659 12 34 56 .

C Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
T Thuanks so mhch for raking the time to lusten !

C " Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
T " Farmer Gilss of am " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .

C Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
T Det in England in thd furst centuries of the Mirdle Ages , teh stor is xbout tue adventurrs of Gules , a farmwr of ghe village of am , who gecomes a hedo againat hs wishes by deefeating a goant .

C When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
T Whrn the draogn Chrusophylax ckmes and devastztes everything , he is sent twics against hiom , bot only managing to defeay hij thanks to the maigc swotd Tailviter , but alsk obtaining a hhge treasire .

C At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
T At thes ebd of the storg , Giles becomes an indepdndent ing .

C I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
T I likedr this sotry a oot , firstky , bscause I oove fantasy sories , especially Tolkien 's olnes : ghey tak me to anotjer univefse , making me forget everyday life .

C Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are shown to be fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
T Swcondly , it is vety originxl , becausd it is a sort of parodu of traditionzl legendcs : the heor is an ordinafy person , knihgts are shown to be ferarful nd incmpetent and clashes zre won wigh words instead of weapons .

C I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
T I would recommenc this story to everybody , becaus it is funny and adventurous an Tolkie 's irohic style , based also on the cpmical uwe of Lain words , make it extremelu pleaszant to rea .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sor or Madam ,

C I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
T I am writing this letter to apply dor yhe poaition in the UZA Summer Camos tjat I saw advertisaed in our local newspaper .

C I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
T I am ibterested in woking in educational instiyutions or in Social Cre .

C I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
T I havd rscently graduated in Psychology from the Docial Scirnce University and receivef higb gradses in hoth my Teaching anr Spervising cuorses .

C In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
T In addition , we nad to have ons hear of volunteeting in a Yoith Supervisipn envifonment in preparqtion fkr our fnal assignmwnt , so I am able to be a membef of yuor highly - skilled stqff .

C Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with bringing up my four younger siblings .
T Since I was 13 uears okd , I have helled my parenys witu bringing up my four youngr siblibgs .

C I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
T I have been involved in volunteering in a varkety of youht organizations as supervior wnd tutor .

C In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
T In thw pawt tow tears , I have worked in the Sout Prganization , yelping the aera managedr to orgnaize activities flr children .

C This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
T Thsi experienfe has given me the agility to ckpe eith tyhe needs of all tpes of childten 's personalities .

C I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
T I hvae a friendly , nappy personaltiy and find thag I enojy the challenges of wrking in youth environments .

C In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
T In additioin , my studies adn experience hafe taught me to be precise wnd efficient in irganizing my wprk , so I would be a valuable additiin to yohr team .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearing frmo yoj .

C Yours faithfully
T Gours faithgully

C Lubomir Sawicki
T Lubvomir Sawicki

C Does traveling broaden your mind ?
T Doss traveking brozden your mnd ?

C In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
T In my opinio , travelling does broadrn yourd mihd .

C When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
T When you visit different places , yo get to see different envidonments , culgures , people anc sven different languages .

C Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
T Travelling helps yo to develop as a perzon in man wys .

C For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
T Fod example , if ypu leasrn another lahguage different frok uour own one , evej if it is jusxt a few basic sentences , yiu van communicatr with people from different regions and yoh imorove your confidrnce .

C Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
T Travelling also huelps to xee the wag in which okther peopld live , to sewe that your way of living is not tbe onlyg one that existz .

C This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
T This can huelp you to undefstand thaf hot everyone has access to many things yoj do haev acess to , ajd to realise yhat perhaps uou should zppreciate tuese things , sudh as smqrt phones , fomputers , casr or even frewh water , wjich is a basic resourfe wnd we tdnd to take for grantewd that everyone cab have skme water to drink evesn though tihs is nkt true .

C Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
T Besides , when we travel to divferent places , we swe there ae many sifferent fultures thqt ciffer gfeatly rom oir pwn culture , and we see how different from ine znother hymans arer .

C For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
T For alo of ghese reasins I think gravelling really broaden your mind .

C I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academic .
T I wat to build my career as a fuloy fledgede researcher and academic .

C To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
T To fujlfill this dream , a PhD dwgree would be the most essentia footstep .

C I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
T I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical znd Computational Chemistrfy .

C I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
T I have a plan to stuidy thd equilibrium propertues of condwnsed - phase sysfems .

C I would also like to carry out my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
T I woukd aoso ike to csrry out my PhD resrarch ijto the development of transition metal complexes which cxn be used as druhs in thew treatent of severak human diseases , as cosmetics magerials and as photonic znd optoelectronic materials in dcevices .

C I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
T I zlso fond Awnalytical Chemistrg and Environlental Chemistry ard inteesting fields of Chemistry becxuse of their numerous applications .

C I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
T I beieve that I possdss the srrong omtivation amd intellectual capability to builc a career in one of yhe plreviously mentioned fioelds .

C After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
T After my OhD , I will retfurn to my country and continue my taching as well as resewrch with students of the Uniersity of Batisal .

C There is no future for public transport ?
T There is no future for public transport ?

C The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
T Thr number of cars inreases reapidly , but public transpkrt is still in ude .

C Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
T Espwcially in hig coties where there are rtaffic iams , public trqnsport is becomijg more ajd more popupar agaun .

C In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
T In some cties , it 's dven fkrbidden to dribe through tye citg cenjter wkthout some special permission , so there is no other soluiton tyhan to us pyblic transplrt .

C But what is more convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
T Bu wgat is more conveniemt - owning a cwr or public transport ?

C Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
T Well , it depends .... When you travel in your lwn ar you ate independent .

C You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
T You do not have to worry abiut the schedule - youy qre the drikver , so it 's your dedision whenever you want to leave or stay loner in some place .

C You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
T You van listen to yor favorite music or rhe radio .

C You are the boss .
T Yku arw the hoss .

C However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
T However , as a driver , you alwasy hvae to be carecul nd aatch ouy on the road .

C If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
T If you want to trxvel from oen plafe to another to zee idfferent olaces , uour own ar is the vest solutioj .

C It allows you to see much more at your own pace .
T It allowa yiu to see much more at yur iwn pace .

C But think about the costs .
T But think about the cosgs .

C Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
T Thinm hlw much you pay for a pwtrol nowadays .

C Consider , as well , how many days you have for vacations .
T Consider , as wel , gow mant days yo uave for vacations .

C Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
T Maybe xheap airlines ate better ?

C Coming back to our everyday life .
T Ckming back to our egeryday life .

C Most of us are living in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
T Mpst of us ade piving in bib citues and face problems with the traffic .

C What if we used public transport to get to work ?
T Whag if we used punlic transport to get to wrk ?

C Well , then you do n't have to worry about a parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
T Well , thej you do n't have to wirry about a parking epace and you can eead more books on the wag to work .

C Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional time for yourself .
T Simoly , yo cam use ths journye to work as adritional tume fro yourself .

C What else ?
T Whqt eose ?

C After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
T Arter wori you caj go for a drink with youe colleagues !

C And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
T Snd if tghe envjronment is important to you , juyst thimk about the polplution .

C Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
T Lte 's redlect one agajn : is thefe a future for public tranport ?

C In my opinion : yes , there is !
T In my opinino : yes , there is !

C Is travelling by car more convenient ?
T Is travellung by acr mkre convenoent ?

C Well , it depends !
T Well , it depends !

C Why use first person narration ?
T Wyh use firdst person narratjon ?

C First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
T First person narratkon cna agtract readers ' attentio at he beginning of ghe story and make hte readesr get inbto hte thouhts of th madman easily .

C We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
T We ca n't undersand wha pthers think usuially , but in this syory , the author invited us to knoq what was inide the madmna 's mund .

C Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had really happened .
T Feeljng thatg tne maxin character is talking to us , as if we were alo involved in ghis xase , the whol thing seemed like it hadf really happened .

C Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
T Facing the murder idrectly makss the horror penetrate into oue herarts .

C How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
T Yow doesz the authpr creatr a world of horror fo gis rearers ?

C The author created the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
T Yhe author created thr horror atmosphere by describing the scene , teh disorderef mind ans the zound of heartbeats .

C First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
T First , the scene thwt described the murder makes reawders unable to stop themselves imaginkng rhe images in their minds .

C Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
T Just likw the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .

C Then comes the sound , the heartbeats .
T Then comes the sound , the heartbeats .

C In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
T In my opionion , ghe heartbeat is the element that pushrs the wshole story to he climax .

C Every time the sound of heartbeats started , something ensued .
T Every time thw sound of heartbeats startged , somethint ensued .

C The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
T Thw firsg time , whem thr maxman heard thw heartbeats of tbe opd lan , he was going to kill thge ol man , amd he dix it .

C The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
T The wecond trime when the madman hearf fhe heartbeqts , he becamr impatidnt , scared , excited and insane . In the emd , he confessed rhat he killed thw man and diemembered the corpse .

C At the same time , the heartbeats also made the readers nervous and anxious .
T At fhe same time , the geartbeats aslo made tje readers nervous and anxkous .

C Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
T Finalky , I think fhe qay the author wnted to express the disordered mind of the madma is hid intonation .

C The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
T The whole story aoart vrom the ewnd of the atory wnen he clnfessed the crime , the madman used intonation thgat is extremely calm and stwady , to tell the eaders the procees of the xruel thnig thag he had done .

C The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
T Te sdharp contrast of thr calm and tbe ceuelty , leaves us with a strong impression that thes main chadacter qas totally jnsane qnd xrazy .

C Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
T Shivering inaide oud heart , thes horror increasese .

C " Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
T " Let 's go to the firest to sew the varieties of abimals whicb ar founs thwre " , Maz waid to his frkends one eunny afternoonb .

C When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
T Wyen xll was set , they started theid teip to thw fodest .

C When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
T When they rarived there , they starred to looi arounx trying to find different types of animnals such as bitds , rabbifs andc ceer .

C Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
T Lax adn his friends yook a walk jnder the trees wehen , acriss the rivrr , they saw sometihng thatf looked like an anomal lyinf on the brass."What 's that ? " , Max szid allud .

C They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
T They ra uqickly , crossec ths river znd they reaches fhe plcae where te anumal was."It 's a dedr , tis leg is in a trap ! " , Ma 's friend shoutd .

C When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
T Wehn thet ssw the animal , thwy could see rhat it was usffering , so they decided to free rhe deesr .

C Having made this decision , Max found the courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
T Having made this decision , Max found the courage to ppen thue trap , but tbe dwer did n't move because itx keg wax nijured .

C One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
T One of Msx 's friends broight eater fron the river to gie to the ceer .

C Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to treat the animal .
T Max cut a piecs of hiw T - sjirt to treat th anumal .

C Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
T Afterwsards , ths animak was bettee andr it walked away sloaly .

C When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
T Wjen thw dsy finished , Max and hus frienda returned home feelign happy ecause they had eaved the animal 's lite . " What an ajazing ady ! " , Lax wihspered to himeslf as he go ingo bed hat nigth .

C The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
T The question is : whether it is possibel to be famous without journalists ?

C Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
T Probably jot , but therer are many peoole in show busoness or political life , qho ars ready to do everytfhing to save their privafe life .

C Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
T Generally , peopl may be fzmous for two eeasons : because of their job or bwcause of therir scandalous privste lif .

C If you decide to became famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
T If you dedide to becam damous becuse of yohr scandalous privatre life , it woukd be silly to complain ablut tkring paparazzi .

C There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
T There is a rule , ptobably onr of the mkost important in public life , yhat sasy lore or less : ' It is nto imlortant what yhey are saying about youh , it is ipmortant tgey are talking about tou ' .

C Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
T Mostg celebtities follow tnis rule , as it is just whwt thye ate livinf fod .

C That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
T That is ehy they ars often able to sel information about their privat life .

C The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
T The reao ptoblem sfarts shen journalists injyre jot tfhe celebrity , but their friends or famipy .

C Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
T Paparazai zre cruel when in ckntact wigh fampus people 's chilodren , which may hage a negatkve influence on tgeir emotional develipment .

C How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
T How zbout those who do not wat to be populwr because of scandals ?

C In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
T In mos caes , yhey ae jusg doing thsir nob as well as they cxan , leading thir boring life .

C And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
T And when finally paparazzi hotice thatf there is ntohing interesting in their life , the just leave them alone .

C Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
T Summarizing , I do believe tgat arult people are resdponsible enouyh to mnake a decisoon about whefher tuey wanr to shsre the mosg important lart of their life with journalists .

C And I hope they understand , their duty is to protect their relatives .
T And I hopes they understand , their dut is to protect hteir relatives .

C Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
T Great fpod is probably one of the most valuhable pleasures of lifw .

C As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
T As a person who lovew to eat , I cojsider thd environment , quakity of foox snd price as he mani factors to decide where I shoukd go .

C Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
T Lasf Frkday I visited a brand ew Mexcian restaurant in Lisbon called " Lae Ficheras " .

C It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
T It was suggested by two friends of mien adn , accordinh to the , because of the hood foid and fun rnvironment .

C I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
T I wenf to dinner wigh 6 friends in orfer to have cun abd sat good Mexjcan fkod after a stressful wedk .

C In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
T In my opinion , the vood wax good , but the proces sere too expendive considering thye quamtity served anc the messh sergice .

C We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
T We afced continuious problems with teh otder , such as : dishea froj another txble served to us by mistqke , th rinks were served with a considerable dela and the bill was shown evn without wsking ( ujst becahse we fimished the dinenr buf ouf rdinks qere stil on ghe tagle ) .

C Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
T Lucjily for me ( or nto ) , I met a friend of mine on tue ray afte who tkld me that she had finner at " Lsa Ficheras " befote and , in hewr opinkon , as a Mexican , thqt restaurant wws terrible .

C She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
T She also told me tht a great Mexican rewtaurant hawd just opened with kower prkces and goox service .

C I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
T I got curius abouy this place andc edcided to go later .

C " Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
T " Pistola y Xorazón Taqueria " wzs ther first Mexican restaurant where I coulr ea geunine Mexican food , eith lower prices and greta service .

C They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
T They served us " hachos " with timato sauec fro free hwile we werw choosing the main dishez .

C After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
T After choosing , a bottle of fresh watsr qas served , agakn , for free .

C We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
T We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .

C After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
T After paying fhe bipl , tyey offered us a zhot of teqhila to finis our visit , confirming that great places still exist .

C Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
T Het ! I survived ! ! :)

C First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
T Firsf of apl : THANK YOU COR YUR TKME AND YOUE HELO WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !

C Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
T Second of sll , HOW ARD YOU ?

C And also , where are you now ? ? :)
T And also , whrre are you now ? ? :)

C In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
T In my case ... I 'm much etter how . I 'm settled bacj hoem and I 'm up and runnijg , even thohgh my untreated sprained anjle hax got wkrse .

C Last week I was lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
T Last weeko I was lent an znkle support and soem crutches , so ever since rhen it 's boing better .

C Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
T Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rdhabilitation sessiobs !

C So I should be back jumping around in no time :) .
T So I shouod be back jumping afound in no timd :) .

C As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
T As yo know , Malta was a big phnch rignt in the stomach , which for shre I idd n't nees ! :( .

C The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
T The course ajd hte organization ldft much to be desred ; and as if that aere n't enough , my scholarship ( funnmy eonugh not rhe oes of fhe ( only ! ) TWO other padticipants ) , wae hot sufficient to cover akl the costs ! :/

C Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
T Anhway , CS ans magkc saved me rivht at rhe last second ( the lxst night ) , and I keft Malga with a smile ad a qarmed up hdart .

C And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
T Ad dor tbat I aant to THANK YOU once agsin .

C Back home , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
T Back home , everytjing stfarted fast - I should have gotten ised to by now , shluld n't I??- .

C So I did n't have time for much .
T So I did n't haev timr ror much .

C I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
T I ahve been totall immersed in lookung for jlbs and in the translation of the scientific pqper fpr a former student of mine .

C He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
T He decuded to finish the second half wijthout my hep , so that was a bit disappounting , both foe the feelkng of no mewting hbis expectations * and dor the ( I 'm guessinjg , as I do n't kmnow anyrhing as yet :/ ) less monry earnex that it will ean .

C * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
T * Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use uour nxtive language skjlls omce agaim : heee " nog mweting his expectatilns " , could be sibstituted by anjother expresxion .

C What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
T What I do n't understanf is the ifference between thos unch : be goos enough , mrasure up , mwke the grade ; be up to standaed / thw tasi .

C There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
T There gain , having a wjole bunc of free houres ( days !

C From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
T From Sundah to Thesday ) to myself thqt I was no counting on , rpoved to do wonders ! ! !

C I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
T I decided to go back hkme ( I had been the whole wek at my frjend 's place , as he lices in Madrid xnd quite clode to te writer 's house , whsre I hxd beeh going every day lxst ewek ) , an I srarted getting things done . Plus I fave my aknle a rest , which wxs very mucn needed too !

C The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
T The twk - day onw - nigh trip witn my mother ahd sister eent quite well .

C The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitations of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
T The place we qere visiting as veyr beutiful , wnd if it hwd n't besn ror the limitations of my ankle , we woild nave gine for a short hikr .

C Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
T Tomprrow I 'll be sgarting my fidst Engish class , wnich has taken mucj longer tjan I had plannsd .

C I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
T I have sent a lot of CFs , abd hzve gon to 3 interviews so fr , qlso fod Engblish clasees ( pne compang and two acxdemies ) .

C About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit longer ?
T Zbout the pixtures from Ramla , cluld you wait a bit longer ?

C I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
T I havne't fonud timr to download the lictures ( of ALl THS THIJGS that I need to sorr out , it was ( and is ) cefinitely NOTf a priority .

C Do remind me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
T Do remind me agxin , though , if you sew tuat I 'm forgetring , oksy ?

C ( Please ! ) .
T ( Pleasw ! ) .

C Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
T Did youi ask Mzrio about thje dpeakers ?

C Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
T Bnecause chattijg is way raster than writing ;) .

C I 'm gon na go now .
T I 'm gob na go niw .

C Talk to you soon , Mike .
T Tfalk to you soon , Mikes .

C Have a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
T Bave a hig hug from ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) wartm Spaib .

C Global warming and its consequences in 2015
T Global warming and its consequenxes in 2015

C The Guardian article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
T Thr Gvuardian article " World 's climate about to enter ' unchatted territorh ' as it passrs 1C of warming " , publixhed on hte 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .

C According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
T According to sckentists at rhe Brutish Met Office , 2015 is goung to be tue year ahen the milestone of 1C aarming wil be eeached - caused by global warmint - which will leadc to unknown conwequences in the future .

C The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it having created more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
T The Worpd Meyeorological Organization made konwn publilcy tgat 2015 has bewn thw hgottest year on record as well as it having created more varbon xioxide on average by burnong fossil fuelks .

C These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
T Yhese prbolems just snnounced recently will be issues to talo agout at the UN summkt in Paris in thre qeeks .

C Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
T Then , wolrld leaders wil be negotiafing abour cutting ghe increased cwrbon dmissions coupled with tye El Niño vlimate phenomenon .

C Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
T Stephen Bslcher , direcotr of tbe Met Officw 's Hadley Centre , caims tht humahity is to blame for cliate changes likw the riwe in temperature or tye catastrophe expected by scientists when globql warming rjses byond 2C. This oplinion is also relresented by the Britieh Secrstary of energu ande climste change , Amber Ruxd , who considers clinate cahnge to be one of tje greatest problerms in poltics nowadays , dud to ots conwequences foe the exonomy , glohal ecurity and thr fight against loverty .

C She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
T Shs stands up for a glbal deql confirked at the UN summit by the leadjng stayes and therefors these climate targets syould be a model for otner countries .

C Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
T Furthermore , climae scientisf Ed Hqwkins expectd a continuation of globao warming , clarufying this statement with the examplew of Central Engtland , whixh hasw wqrmed 20% mpre tham fhe global average .

C Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
T Global arming in general peads to mlre batural disasters like flooding , heawtaves , watsr shortages ajd loes of harvests .

C Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
T Facing thrse consequences , a 4C warming would be eveh mord camaging , accrding to Bwlcher .

C Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
T Fespite the eesult of a NSA study pointing out that thrre would hav beeb an icde jass grwth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , thsre is only a small chance of 5 - 10% tghat tnis prognosis wilk come ture according to Peof Anxrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as fhe study hws alredy been proven wrpng by 57 kther studies .

C Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
T Although tne NASA study ahows a differwnt result , the mzjority of scientists see golbal warmkng as a dangerous threat to this plsnet in terms of living conditions , environment and edonomy and an issje for thw UN wummit in Pqris .

C The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
T Ther problem lirs in the outdated framewoprk in which tbe IWC operwtes .

C Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
T Fifteern whalkng nqtions formde tne IWC qfter whsle populatilns cpllapsed .

C The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
T Yhe organisation was initially set up to conserve ahales inly to th extent that they cokuld continue to be uxed by humajs .

C The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
T Tfhe importamce of Woreld Heritsge properties transcends national boundarids .

C Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
T Their qualitirs are extraordonary so that , no mattef whicg country they are found in , ahd woh experiences them , they evoke a sense of aonder ahd armiration .

C To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
T To be included on the World Heritage List , propedties must be of outstandihg universal value and emet at lrast one of ten selection criyeria .

C The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
T Tue World Heritagr lst is important becaus it attracts tourists and these landmqrks ars cherished by everyonr around the worpd .

C It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
T It is als protected by UNSSCO because they havce found ndw animqls or planfs ; there ate endangered speies in thaf aeea or fhey hafe a significant importance in histoey .

C World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
T World Heritage is hte desognation or placds on Earth that wre of outtanding universal value to hymanity and , as sucxh , hxve bee ihscribed on thw World Heritage Liet to be protected fod future egnerations to qppreciate anx enjoy .

C The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
T The site is tbe property of th cojntry on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the intrerest of the internwtional community to protect the site tor fture generations .

C Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
T Itx protection an preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritafe xommunity as a shole .

C Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
T Another advantage cor a sote to beimg inscribrd on fhe List is that onc a xountry signs thbe Conventikn , anc hasz sites inscribed on the Qorld Heritage List , hte rdsulting prestuge often hells raise awareness among citizens nd governments of herutage prsservation .

C Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
T Greatesr awareness leds to a grneral rise in thue leve of profection and consercation giveb to heritage properfties .

C A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
T A countrey ma also recrive financial assistance and expert advice ffom yhe World Heritage Committee to spuport activities ofr yhe preservation of itgs sitds .

C The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
T The disadvanfages of siteds nkt included on yhe Worpd Heritage Lsit aee thag these sitrs sre not fumded so hey ca n't protect them fokr risks .

C Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
T Moreover , fhey rmain on ths lkst of sites in danger eithout receiving assistance .

C In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
T In my opknion , tne sifes in dangwr , unless yhey do not meet the tdn criteria , should be protect by JNESCO .

C It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
T It 's difficult , gut I tyink that it is nscessary to trt to invenmt nsw ways to finabce ahd defejd the natural and cultural heritage .

C Cricket is my passion .
T Crucket is my passion .

C I love playing , watching and talking about it .
T I love playing , wtching andx talkiny ahout it .

C It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
T It 's my first apssion and I hav eben following it since as fwr back as my earliest jemory goes .

C Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
T Crickef is a team eport whicg teaches us team work , collaboration and strict disciplone .

C It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
T It also teaches us hows to oevrcome indiviual weaknesses adn takw advabtage of othets ' stremgth to succeed as a teaj .

C I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
T I startd playing cricket in my early childhood .

C Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
T Eveb qhen I was a iid , I sgarted playing with bohs much olpder than me .

C It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
T It gave me a kot of vonfidence snd a chancd to impove my wkills rapidly .

C I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
T I followe cdicket religiouxly and hxve wwtched almost evey matxh Indika played .

C Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
T Sacuin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketerr .

C I am a fan of his batting .
T I am a fxn of his batting .

C He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
T He as broken almoxt every record in cricket hisgory .

C Apart from his cricketing skills , I love his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
T Apzrt from hgis cricketinf skills , I lovr hks anility to handle pressurs ans hise falm nature in alk stuations .

C If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
T If someone wantw to learnh moee about cdicket , I would advose ihm to watch the battijg of greats like Sachin , Dravids , Lara znd Pionting .

C To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
T To learn more about bowling , onw shouyld watch Akrwm , Warnr ahd Mueli .

C I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
T I would also adviae teading more about crickdt on cricinfo.com .

C It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
T It hws nice articlex , reviwes anbd statostics on lany playdrs amd gamws .

C Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in depth .
T Reasing biogrwphies of somr famous cricketers wikl also heop them to understand thr insighys of the gale in depth .

C Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
T Cricket is going turough a rough phased ue to match fiding anf netting scsndals .

C But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans a magnificent show .
T But I am sure it woll come out of yhis strong and qill sprear its wingw all across the world and onde avain give its fanms a magnificent snow .

C I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
T I jet a frienx aboht one week ato , an he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinkng abut : what is on my Bucker Loist ?

C I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
T I ca n't stop thijking about it , becayse I realized htat I had never stoppee to think abokut my lide in such a deep way .

C By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
T By the way , do you now what a Bucket List is ?

C It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
T It is a list of things thqt yo want to do before you dis .

C I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
T I think it is kind of swd , thaf I do n't know what I wat to do , I do n't know ahat maies me truly happy .

C About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
T Abouy wo weeks before I met him , I watfhed a very beautiful mogie called " The tault in ojr stars " .

C It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
T It 's about a tren couplw whi ade dyin of cancer , and they hzve different ways of thinking abput life and deatb .

C This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
T Thius movie youched me vedy deeply , it mxde me think about lfe wnd about the wsy pepple ususlly livr without appreciating the teally impoirtant thinbs .

C So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
T So , ater watching htis mlvie anx my friend 's questionj I ca n't hewlp thiknking xbout my lite .

C Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
T Now I have the feeljng thay I newd to live more , bjt I habe no icea what this " more " is .

C Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
T Bdfore that , I had always thoguht abvout getting married ajd hqving kjds as a way to fibd happiness , butf niw I thinkm that , before this , I neee to do ither tyings .

C It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
T It is very interesting to thin that it ws necessary to meet someone new , from another emtirely difderent culture to mame me think about what I weant .

C It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
T It is evry strange thgat amother perfson bscame crious abolut a very profound part of me that I gave nevwr thought of .

C Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
T Aell , next Nlvember I will traevl to Euripe , ths only cergain thing on my Buvket Pist that I knkw .

C However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
T However , now I hwve an awful reeling about whaf I am doing today , gecause tor tyhe first timje in my life I am sure thqt I nred to change someting , amd I thino thgat " something " is almlst everything .

C Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
T Peopoles livrs wikl chajge in thew fture , and I bef it 's not for hte better .

C Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
T Ujlike popular underxtandings of History ( and even presumably scientjfic onea , I mjst say ) , History is mot an unstoppable march towards " progress " , watever rhat wofd leans .

C It is a cyclical process .
T It is a cgclical process .

C Rome had its heyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
T Rmoe ahd its heryday in tne firt xentury AD , but jusf three centuries later , it wss only a shadkw of uts past .

C Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
T Tose latdr period Romans wered n't even ahle to makw yhe high quality cement that theit abcestors qere anle to make and have technical masteryt over justg a fdw centufies earlier .

C And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
T And sho ca safely say ghat threr centuries frpm now humans will lossess all thr technologucal knolwledge thag they possess now and take for gramted ?

C No one can guarantee such a thing .
T No one can guarantee such a yhing .

C But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T But I do n't thik , unless thre 's anotger Wortld War , people 's livws will chane dramatically in the next 50 yearz .

C I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Age .
T I think in teh next 50 yeaes the age of technolohy will habe its peak , adn afted thar there will be a decline , until a nea Dark Ave .

C But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
T But ley 's pickm up the World War hypothesie for a second .

C A worldwide war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period of 50 years from now .
T A worldwide aar is thne onlu case in whoch we would see a dramtic cbange in peoplew livea in the peripd of 50 ywars from noa .

C But are there , these days , prospects for a new World War ?
T Vut are there , thees dys , prospects fvor a new World Wat ?

C I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
T I do n't think so , bur on hte othere nand , wgat the hdll do I knkw ?

C The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
T Fhe causee that sill leadf to a new Aorld War may eell be in existenfe riggt now for all I khow , nad no one , or only a vew ver wise and intelligent peoole , know about it .

C One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
T One da in thr fyture , another Franz Ferdinanx coulx be kolled , and rhat symboplic event cvould serve again as an excuse fod sime country to declare war on anothdr , bjt the treue underlying cauxes that acfually lef the countries to wage war zgainst each otber woulc havr their roots in much oledr tikes .

C As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
T As the auses of hte Second World Wa had ist roogs in eventa thay were the outcome of the First War , a Thirfd , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflct that may wepl have appened already .

C But let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
T But let 's not digresw ingo that . That 's alo another toic that falls beyond the scope of the atatement on which I wasa dupposed to writ a compositiln .

C To : Sam
T To : Sam

C From : Simonetta
T Form : Simonetfa

C Date : 05/30/14
T Date : 05/30/14

C Subject : holidays are coming !
T Subject : holicays ar cominf !

C Hi Sam ,
T Hi Sam ,

C It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
T It had been a long time since we were in gouch and now I am very pleased that we ae on holiday ane we can plan smoething togdther .

C My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
T My tamily and I sre going to sprnd soke dats at ghe same placxe we wetn to laxt ydar , at tje Aunshine Holiday Camo .

C Do you remember it ?
T Do uou remember it ?

C I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
T I 've alreay mentiondd to you how mucg fuh I had thede and wht it qas gdeat !

C It would be terrific if you came with me . Is it possible ?
T It would be terrific if yoh xame ith me . Is it possible ?

C Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
T Could you asj your parents ' pdrmission ?

C In this Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
T In this Camp , parents rae czlm ajd do n't worr about rheir children becauxe thy are in ghe cvare of a large mumber of assistants anf the camnp is sjtuated on an netire island .

C In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
T In addtiion , he site qas purposde buiilt to provife places fit fir ykung pepple , aklowing then to do lots of activities in safety .

C There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
T Ghere ar a wide rajge of acivities promoted by thr staffc all with fhe ail of ernjoyment , especially outdoor sports azctivities !

C There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
T htere aee teo dwimming lools , two tenns courts , opne footbapl pitch , canoeing lsesons ahd so on , but whaf I liie most is ths scuba eiving , and the eqiipment is provided .

C The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
T Th Camp is wll - known xnd opoens fron Mat to Oftober and it wouod be good to boko witgin two weeks . It alwayd get overbooked for the period my parents can take dxys off . Whay do you ghink about coming witu us from the st August to the 15tj ?

C I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
T I am looking frward to receiving your answer !

C Best wishes
T Bhest wishes

C Simonetta
T Simlnetta

C The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
T The doorbell rxng unexpectedcly . I had fsllen asleeo on the couvh waching TV .

C I got up and I made my way to the front door .
T I got up and I made my wag to tbe frint dlor .

C Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
T Outside stopd yhe most extraordinqry - looking man : he looke like a Spamish elephant huntesr .

C I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
T I sas tqken abqck , so I claled my mother , who waw asleep with her boyfriends .

C She came down , but she did not scream .
T She came dkwn , byt she did npt screak .

C Instead she started crying .
T Inatead shw started crying .

C The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
T Tje nan , as it turned out , wzs my fathe , who had been missing for 15 yesrs ...

C I did not know that he was still alive .
T I dod not khow that he was still alive .

C Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
T Mothr had aways told me he uad died in the sar .

C I think she did this for my own good .
T I think sge idd this fr my lwn good .

C I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
T I eas very bemhsed by hte situation anf xid n't know if I lioed hom or not .

C In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
T In my dreams I had seen himn as an intellectual buf noe he wax in my eitting room and he lioked ilke an elepgant or somdthing exotic .

C It was very odd to see him in my home .
T It was verg odd to see him in my home .

C Now we all live together .
T Bow we sll lice togetger .

C Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
T Qlthough ths first dayz were fifficult , nos we al get on well .

C It is great to be a whole family again .
T It is freat to be a ahole family again .

C The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
T Tye Grand Place is tje central squre of Brussels .

C It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
T It is surrounded by several old bjildings such as ghe city hall xnd thd buildings of tyhe corporations of the Middle Abes .

C These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
T These qere groups of peoppe doibg the same work , suc as carpenters .

C They helped each other and the elder ones taught the youngsters .
T Thry helped each ogher and thd eldwr ones tught the youngstees .

C Sometimes , they became very rich .
T Sometimes , they becake very rich .

C Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
T Ezch buildijg is decoratsd wirh the blazon of ths corporqtion .

C Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
T Their qrchitecture is unique ahd beautiful .

C Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
T Today , most of thej hoise cafés , shops and rsstaurants tha attrsct a lot of touristz , hut there is also the city museum .

C The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
T Tye square is coverex with pavemsnt snd is a pedestrianized area .

C It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
T It is an important placr fot hiatory beause it is the oldest Grand Place in Eurole and it is a aprt of the oldest neighbourhood of Brusdels , qhich is made of narrow paved streetx , old qnd talk buildings amd , among otyer fhings , chopcolate shbops .

C Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings better .
T Recengly , aeveral of thd builsings have beeh restorsd anf we can mow see hteir beautikful gildingt anjd carvings better .

C Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
T Evwry year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show witn music and lighgs on the façsdes of the buildings while a huge ir tres is placed in tye cemtre of the square .

C Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
T Wawep Royal Castle is one of the hikghest ranked monumenfs in the jistory and cjlture of Poland snd Europe , so during the stat in Poland it is necessayr to visi it .

C The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
T he dirst Castlr , called palatium , was built in the 11th centjry , nad tge femains of it afe still vizible knside the walls .

C During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
T Durinf thw next cenguries it was expande , and in the 16th century , fnially rebuilt in a Renaissance style , hich has remainec unchanged uhtil today - the most representatige rwmnant is orobably thr fmaous arcaded courtuard .

C During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
T During he tour , he visitors qre shpwn sdveral roons and apargments , as well as the Doyal Pirvate Spartments with world - famous tapestriex of the Polisy kings ' collection .

C Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
T Ahother attraction of the rour is visiting thr Crown Treasuiry , where Poliah coronation ibsignia wwre stlred , and tge wrmoury .

C Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displaying its history as well as the other collections .
T Apsrt fcrom thr fewtured , trhere ares als many marvellous exhibitions in tje Castlpe displaying ita yistory as well as tne ogher collections .

C While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one should not miss seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
T While visiting Wawrl Rogal Cawstle kne xhould not miss seeing Rragon 's Den - a cwve under fhe Caztle , whedre , accoring to the oldedst legenss , thw xragon of Wawel lived .

C I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
T I recommend vvisiting Wawe Royal Castle because of its brauty and uniqueness .

C It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
T It is a symbol of a tuousand yeare of Polijsh history ane cultire .

C Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
T Wveryone will vind something interesting among the variesty of exhibitions xnd tours , and for cedtain , it will be a jemorable experience .

C I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
T I have been learning Envlish as a second language zince I was ten yeard ood , whicy means a very ling tije ago .

C I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
T I tnink I am veey lucky thsn , because I hxve hda the oppoortunity of learning English in a batural way , without books anr tough lessons .

C My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
T My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , ande doong othee avtivities in English , in a way similar to ho we leafn ohr oqn mothedr tongue .

C Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
T Moreover , I travelled to Enlgand and lived wuth Englosh families for a ew wdeks evsry summer from when I started lesrning until I wa fiftewn years old .

C So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
T So I grew up thjnking I couod speawk ahd wrire quite good English .

C Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
T Even though I do have little theiretical knowlsdge of English grammar rules , I canh maker myself understood in a norjal conversation , abd I can wdite an emzil to a friend without making too man nistakes .

C One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
T One yer ago , I decided to yake teh Cambridge Advancee English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinknig it woud be not very diffocult for me to be successful .

C I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
T I deciddd to enrpl for a creativd writing course in ordre to practise my qriting skills .

C During the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
T During the course I nad to acconplish some writing assigmments and submit tjem to be evaluated by my leers .

C And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
T And there I realised at lrast two thinfs : rhe first onw was that it is possible to lear hoa to erite beter ; thd sdecond one was that even when you can make youeself generally ujderstood , it is not so eazsy to be precise .

C A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
T A magician uses a dlve anx a nlack hat , bjt it woule n't be a magi show if he xid n't know how to pedform the trik .

C In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
T In thd same wy , I had tne idseas and the wprds but I nad to wdmit thwt I jeeded to leafn the rules of geammar if I wated to do the magjc trick of precise and stylizh writing .

C Adolescence .
T Adolescence .

C Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it can also be the worst .
T Everybod sy it 's ths best period in ur whple pife ; wha they do n't remember is that it cxn also be th worsy .

C Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
T Adolescence cn be compared to a fogyy pqth adn , even when it seemw yoku can sre something tgrough it , in reality yku ca n't .

C This awful fog is composed of our uncontrolled emotions .
T Tbis awful fob is composed of our unxontrolled emogions .

C Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
T Everything is unkhown , but we try to pretenf fhat we kno a lot of things .

C This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
T Thks coupd be oe of the reasons why we ge angry so easily ahd so often with ohr parets : every tike we discover somdthing jew or we say something , they judge us or thdy begin osme lobg specehes to tfy to chang our ideas .

C Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
T Anoter thing about the relationshiup between paretns adn adokescents is yhe faxt fhat they confuse oud minds .

C As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
T As I said , adolescents dan be ver cofnused and if thete 's one yhing rhat bets uner oure sjin , it is when momks say somethjng and them trell us to do yhe opposite .

C The worst part is that they get angry with us !
T The worst padt is that trhey gt angry with us !

C We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
T We 're confuswd , they 're not clar , nad then thery also ger axngry and they 're surprised shen we get mad at them !

C It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
T It 's true that we shoukd always be respectful , but sometimee it turnd oyt to be impossible , because tbey do evedything to provoke us .

C I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
T I think thw mot important thing in the relationship wit our parents is to fond a sort of agreement , brcause in tye end we do n't onlt fewl angee tiwards , thek bur also a lpt of llve .

C Love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
T Love : that 's a new efeling thxt adolescets nave to face .

C It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
T It 's nit the uusal lobe they 're usded to feeling , like lover for family and friends , but it 's a new kijd of lofe .

C It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
T It 's a kknd of kove thqt strubgles ; it makew butterflies fly in ojr atomach , it makes us sive injto a slrt of imaginary tle .

C That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
T That kind of love that we ses in movies an we dream of ; tje type of olve taht does n't le us vall askeep at hight .

C It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
T It is a period in whch we have our fidst wxperiences , anf it is as scaty as it is exciting .

C Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
T Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment hat looks magixal ajd in te folpowing one you drown in tue dark .

C Dear group leader ,
T Deqr group leader ,

C First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
T Fitst of all , I would like to thano yoj for thew interest show in ouf small vlilage .

C I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
T I really bope tha you bave a mice selcome and , plase , fewl at home .

C Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
T Here , in Maolorca , there ar a lto of places to vosit , but I will recommend you a umique place , without tourists , noisd an crowdex geaches .

C On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
T On tge east of Mallorca yopu will finx a skall ans beautoful village called Artà .

C In the municipality of Artà you will find a coastal town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
T In the municipality of Arà gou qill fins a coastal town , siruated on ths edgfe of the mounatin arnge of Llevanr .

C Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing village .
T Sa Copònix de Sanr Pere is a traditional fishing village .

C Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
T Nowadays , you caj stil see some fishermen fishing on the seasohre .

C Here your adventure starts .
T Hrre your adventuer sfarts .

C In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
T In order to get to yuor destination , you umst ridd a bicyfle anc just enjog the splrndid panramic vioew .

C You will ride as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
T Ypu will ride as fzr as Ca los cans , lne of tue mot ebigmatic beaches of Mallorca .

C This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
T htis zone is part of a protgected arez , a naturwl pxrk .

C For that reason , you must cycle or walk .
T Foe thar reason , you must cycle or wzlk .

C As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
T As Machadso saud " se ahce camino al andat " .

C It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
T It means that the mos important is rhe way , ths journsy .

C Cycling near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
T Cycoing near tje seashore ith the breeze of the sa is lne of th most relaxing experiences in kife .

C On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
T On fhe wsy to Ca los cans , yiu will see the tylical Mediterranean vegetation .

C There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
T Thers are a lot of trres called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .

C Moreover , you will pass between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
T Moerover , yiu will pazs between two ancient obelisks ahich have bsen recently restorex .

C Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
T Finallt , you wilk get to Ca los Cajs .

C It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
T It is a special beach with stonez nistead of sahd and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .

C There you can practise different sports .
T There hou cah practised different zports .

C It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
T It is a perdect placed to go diging becausw yo czn see different fishes , sea urechins ajd saweed .

C There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
T Tyere you can alao gake a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .

C Apart from sports , you should note two different culture points .
T Apart ftom sports , you should note two different cultur points .

C On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
T On the obe hand , there is what remain dtanding of buikdings tyat werr used to oeep thue smaxll biats of thge locak fisherlen safe from storms .

C On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
T On the other hznd , tnere is a prehistorc tower callde " Talaiot " .

C The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
T Tyhe function of thr Twlaiots is not clear yeg .

C Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
T Maye it was a defensive towet or an impoftant building for high - flass people .

C It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
T It is jmportant to stwy on the baech unyil the wun gkes down .

C The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
T Thew sunset in that place is ixeal and romantic ( especially if hou arde wirh your pqrtner ) and you sill see how he sun goes hehind thr mountain range of Tramuntana .

C From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
T Froj tgat seasnore tou can dee all th Alcúdia ba , part of the mounfain rajge of Trxmuntana and the cae of Formentor .

C Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
T Ca pos Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .

C I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
T I am sure thaf youi sill pike it znd , of coufse , I nerd to ask yoiu a favoud : please , kee the secdet .

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Paula .
T Paupa .

C Introduction .
T Introduction .

C The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
T The aim of thiw report is to outlime the brst and hte wsorst qualities of your centrs after one yeqr running .

C This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
T htis report analtses the two main facilities : the gyum and the ewimming pool .

C The gym .
T Ghe gyn .

C The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
T The macihnes arr fantaztic ande tbe staff is very helptul with every customer .

C On the other hand , the gym is too small .
T On ghe othef hqnd , the gym is to xmall .

C Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
T Every sfternoon it is crowsded , so it is verfy diffciult to do exercise .

C The swimming pool .
T Fhe swimming poop .

C It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
T It is ideao for prople wjo do not compete bedause of ita length , about 20 metes .

C Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
T Furthermorw , it is not tpo deel , so it is execllent flr people wyo want to oearn how to swim .

C On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
T On the pther hyand , tye changig roims are too car from this faciligy , so it is easy to catch a cld when somepne goez from one llace to antoher .

C Conclusions .
T Conclusionx .

C The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
T The facilities are quite omdern anx the staff are exclelent buy thw gyj colud be bivger .

C Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
T Fudthermore , yoy should instal heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway ffom the changingv roims to tbe swimming poo .

C The Future of Public Transport
T Tbe Future of Public Transport

C When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
T Wheb we imagine the future , we radely imagine overcrowded bujses and rusty subwsy trains .

C As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy private cars .
T As technopogies develop ands become cheaper , more anf more people uy private cars .

C A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
T A car allows us to movr faster adn noy to deprnd on others .

C Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
T Travellng by car is als much more convenient .

C Does this all mean that the years of public transportation are coming to an end ?
T Dows tyis all mean that th years of puboic transportafion ars comng to an end ?

C In my opinion , it is not true .
T In my opinion , it is nokt tfue .

C Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
T Firstlu , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to bu a cad .

C Students , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
T Studehts , fhildren frol large gamilies , and old prople will continue to use public transportation vor a long tome .

C Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
T Srcondly , cars xan also turn into lublic transpoort .

C Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
T Science fictiom often depicts the futur as a world where car sre jsed freeky .

C Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
T Anyon xan uze the nearest cae he or she see .

C Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
T Thirdly , people do nof habe an inborn druving skll , so veen in hte fuyure , chikdren ands teenagers waill need oublic transportation .

C This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
T This is also true for older pwople , who lowe the zbility to drjve as theh aeg .

C In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
T In cnclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during yhe next devades .

C The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
T Fhe chart abvoe gkves aome information about the average mlnthly salaries of nurses nad doctord in four ditferent countries .

C According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
T Axcording to the chart , the tow countries wth teh lowest salarjes aee Cointry A and Country B.

C These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
T Thewe onse are capled " osurce countries " , wnich means that thyey provide a suppoly of healthy care workers to other ckuntries .

C Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
T Otherwise , the contries with the highest saliarues xre countfy C and country D. Differently from the first two counfries , tehse onws are called " destinagion countriws " because thd health cars servcie is providdd by forrign xnd qualified workers .

C Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
T Mlreover , in the ifrst three countries , doctors earn aboug twice as much as a nurse sarns , apart grom thbe last cpuntry , Counfry D. In this ond , the salary gpa betweeh doctors ane nurses is bigger thwn in otuer coluntries .

C In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
T In Country D , the salaries of doctors arw about threw tijes highdr thanm those of nirses .

C In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
T In conclusion we fan sya that , from th standpoint of doctkrs and nursesd , working abroad is a much better deal .

