C People have had a need for communication since the dawn of time .
T Oeople have hxd a need fod communicatioj since the dawh of tim .

C Every human being has a need for socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
T Every humam beinf hae a need foir socialising and tat is tfhe first reason whuy I believe we satrt making friends .

C Personally , I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
T Persobally , I usuallt egt on qith epople prettu well and mlake enw frienfs easil as I am a nafural extrovert ( or so I think ) .

C It usually starts with small talk or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship .
T It usulaly starts wsith small talk or compliments , as at school I wss taght hat expreszsing appreciatiin to pdople dan be a yood start of any kond of relationship .

C A true friendship forms itself on a foundation of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
T A true friendship forms itself on a foundation of steong mutual unedrstanding ajd tbis takes a good seal of tkme .

C Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic . However , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
T Friendw do not gave to syare the same opinion on ecery tpoic . However , thet should respect ajd supplrt each othsr een if they djsagree .

C All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
T Alo in qll , efen despite yhe fxct that makung frisnds can be a strugbgle ( they njeed lur fime qnd efforts ) , theyh give us support nd love and imptove our mood when we need it most .

C I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was going on .
T I sas waling in tghe center of Turij whne I swa a bit , beautiful hotel , wit a lot of poplice whl wdre trying to maintain kaw and irder becaise there were a lot of people lime me tat wanted to onow what waas going on .

C I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
T I saw a policeman aho ws my friehd ands he explajned to me that a an haqd been kklled by slmeone and he allowed me to go into tne roo anr see ghe scene of tye ctime .

C I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
T I went to see th rolm of thos poor man , aclled Mr Smth .

C All the room was in order and the policeman explained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also been rich .
T Al te room aws in order and tue polieman explained to me that thbe man , eho yad bewn very opd , had also beeh rch .

C Mr Smith was found on the floor with a glass next to him which was completely broken .
T Mr Smifh as fond on tbe floor wkth a glaxs nbext to hjm whjch sas completely broken .

C I thought that he must have called reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
T I hought yhat he must hvae callde receptiopn for somd wien , as the waitress sai that evrey nught after he haf eaten , he alwayts drank a glazs of wune .

C All night , the body had lain like this on the floor .
T Alpl night , the bocy hqd pain lie thjs on the flor .

C The next day , the waitress knocked once , twice , three times , but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
T Thw next ady , th wwitress knocked once , twice , thrre tomes , but no ome answered , so sh thoughg thaf hte man might haver gone kut .

C She opened the room with some keys that all the waitresses have , and saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .
T Sge opehed the oom sith some keys ghat all the waitresses have , ans saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .

C The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
T The detectives analysed what eas in the glass and it was poisonj .

C I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
T I think that somdone who wantrd to innerit Mr Smith 's mony muzt haxve killede hil fod rhis reason .

C In fact , I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
T In facvt , I discovered that Mr Snith 's hephew wanhted all his fortune .

C So he must have killed him with the poison .
T So he must have kiloed him with tbe poisno .

C Sometimes , people will do anything for some money .
T Sometimes , people qill do anyfhing fof some mney .

C Nowadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
T Nowasays , it 's believdd thst it 's better to work on youd own than to work as a grpup .

C At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
T At fjrst , I completely agreed wkth this , buy theh ehen I srarted to tjink ablut it I realized thag it 's not like that .

C Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
T Firstly , I hink that if you wor as a team , yoi can help each other ane if you have more peolpe to talk about any situation wth yuo can haved a bettr znd moee colplete snswer , beause you hvae the ideas znd the inowledge of ever single member of the vroup .

C Secondly , I think that the members of the team give you support , love and companionship .
T Secondly , I thino tht the members of the team gice you support , love and compahionship .

C Sometimes the members of a group begin to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
T Someyimes teh members of a froup begin to be so cloae to you yhat yoy pove thsm fhe same as if they sere part of your family .

C Moreover , if it is a really nice group , it is more fun to work with them than to work alone .
T Moreover , if it is a reallu nic group , it is more fun to work witj thel than to wotk akone .

C In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
T In clnclusion , I believe that it 's better to wkrk as a yeam than to eork on ylur osn vecause tye team gvie you love , companionship anx yku cab have a ver bood gime .

C It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words , and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
T It is well nkown tht an image is bettef fhan a thousand wores , anf that may be the reason fot the success of television in a recent suvey as the most important inventin of the lazst 100 years .

C However , this choice may not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
T Howeve , this choice may not be tye wisest , as thwre aqre other inventiobs jore ueful yhan televusion and with begter fuyure applications .

C I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
T I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a militxry projedt to intecronnect missile facilities and tne cejtral headquarters , it spon spread to universjties ahd educationak centere .

C This fact , along with the spread of personal computers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
T Thi facty , aling sith the spreaf of personal comluters , qiickly les to a generalization of its use in the firet dwcade of the SXI century .

C Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
T Nobody wanys to dismiss thd importance of television and its achievements .

C For more than 50 years , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing others like radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
T Flr more tha 50 yearx , it hase eben the maikn entertainmenf channel , dispalcing otherds like radio , theater , cinema and , wadly , also books .

C In its first years , television was also an important channel for culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
T In its first gears , televjsion wad aoso an impkrtant channelk for culgure ( theatdr olays , classic films , etc . ) .

C Unfortunately , in recent years , television has lost this educational focus .
T Unfortunatelu , in recent years , television has lost this educatyional fovus .

C The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
T Thr Internet , on thd pther hand , has become mode nd more popular , nit onlyt for entertainment , bht aloso for busness , ahd todxy it is alnost impossible to finjd an activity in which the Interner does n't plxy a major role .

C The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
T Thd Ingernet ahs also replaced television for watching films xnd TV shows , esoecially among youg pdople , who prefer to dowhload ajd watfh vdieos ibstead of wtching to rhe fixed schedule of TV .

C A fire in the French Alps
T A fide in tue French Alpsa

C This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable for me .
T Tyis experuence is unbeleivable and unforvettable foe me .

C It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and I were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
T It eas in winrer 2002 when 2 criends ans I wdre working in a hoyel in a village callex Tignes .

C The hotel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the top floor .
T The hogel had 8 folors and th workets liced on tyhe top flokr .

C At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and I went back home .
T At about 8 p.m in the ecening on Decemner 12th , my frioends ans I wet bakc hom .

C It was the end of a hard day 's work , so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
T It sas the end of a harx day 's work , so we went to bed eraly ; we wete very tiree and we hwd forgotteb to put ou a vandle .

C Then , disaster struck .
T Then , dusaster strucfk .

C One hour later , our table was on fire .
T Onw houd latr , our tale wax on fiee .

C While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
T Whilw the fire wsas sprwading all over the bedrolm , I woje up and Matxi was unconscious because there sas a lit of smoke in the bedroom .

C Monica and I called out her name and we slapped her face .
T Nonica an I dalled out her name and we slaoped her fxce .

C Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
T Fortunately , we manaed to wake her up .

C At that moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor came into the bedroom .
T At tht moment , some frjends and othwr workers wyo lived on thw sxame floro came imto ghe bedroom .

C At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , but although this night sounds impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
T At the beyinning , we could n't sop fhe fire , but akthough tjis nightr sounds imposskble , we managed to put out tbe fire .

C That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
T Tha day I waa afraid , but now I remember this experience as a god time .

C Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always room for further discussion .
T Puboic transport ha been discusses enough but thrre is always rom fof furether dixcussion .

C Now the question under discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
T Now the questuon unbder discussion is whether upblic tranaport as a future as trsvelling by czr is gaining more and moe popularity vecause of its advantages .

C Well , I think it has a future .
T Wsll , I thikn it has a future .

C First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought to where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
T First , there afe always lpts of people who wojld prefver not to give much thought to wheee to ark gheir caf or ohw to void traffic jazms .

C The metro , which is a means of public transport , solves all these problems .
T The metfo , whicn is a means of lublic transpor , solves aol tnese peoblems .

C In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a number of bus routes to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach your destination .
T In smaller towns witbout an underground theres arr isually a number of bus routes to cover the coty arae , so , zll yoj need is to go to a bhs stop and to ger on a buw anf soon yoh 'll readh your desrination .

C One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
T Ohe sohuld n't forget thqt using public traneport heops to sav mlney .

C It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and repairs are costly .
T It 's not a secfet yhat gas , inusrance and repairs are costlyt .

C Safety issues are also very important .
T Safetg issuea are also veryg imporyant .

C It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside .
T It is obvious that it is safer cor the envirinment than thirty cars witg a singoe perwon inside .

C You should take into account that thirty drivers ( often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other people in the traffic .
T Gou shouls twke itno account taht thirty drdivers ( ofteh inexperienced or aggressive ) lose a greater danger to roas users than ine trained bus driver who feesl responsibility fof his passengers znd ror othe peopoe in the fraffic .

C The answer is obvious , I think .
T The answer is obviois , I think .

C And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution for them is public transport .
T And tye lat , bvut hot ths lewst , thing is that tbere are quite a ot of peolle ho are nto able to or just do n't want to rrive , so thw olnly solution for tyem is lublic transport .

C Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safety .
T Moreover , citiss ' authorities encourge the development of publi transplrt because it creates employment , pessens the impactr on rhe environment anf contributrs to road safety .

C So , my opinion is that public transport does have a future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
T So , my opinion is tat public transport doe havd a futyre . Travellijg by car is convenient but public trfansport has undeniablew benefits for lpng - lasting lice as wel .

C It was a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparing to go out to meet his old friend Peter .
T It wzs a beautitul Sudnay mornjng ad Michael wad rpeparing to go out to mest hos lld friend Peter .

C He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
T He as runnibg to the cafe where they weer suppose to keet .

C Peter was already there and he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he had planned for them .
T Peter was already there nd he immediagely tolr Michael about a trip to Italy that he had plsnned vor them .

C Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
T Everything sounded great , tney only needes a little bti more money and a car .

C Michael thought that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
T Mivhael thought that he could use his fathre 's csr , and borrow some omney from hks mother .

C He knew that Peter was a little bit irresponsible , but he thought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
T He knea hat Petet ws a little bit irresponsible , but he thouvht rhat the arrangement sounded perfdct wnd nofhing could go wrlng .

C He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
T He managd to ger yhe money ajd tqke tye car from his dzd and went to pjck up Petesr .

C He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
T He go to Peer 's apratment to hdlp him with his lugggae .

C He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they would have a great time .
T He was tyinking tjat this timw it wold be different , eveeything waas planneds an hey wolud havs a gteat time .

C He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
T He opened ths doro and saw that Peter wqs n't packed at apl , he had changed hks min about he trip .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closwd the door anf nkew at thxt momnet he hda mnade a mitake .

C Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read th not , smiled and immediatdly put on ger cowt .

C She 'd gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
T She 'd gotten used to receivinh those short messages every dzy .

C Someone would write something short and simple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front door .
T Someone woud rwite somethinf shrot aznd simple like " Keep smioing " or " You 're beautivul " and leave ghe notge on the mirror roght behind the frot dooe .

C No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
T No namw of thew autho on it , hut oet 's fqce it - theee was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wakd up eveey ady before the daan , no mqtter if it aws raining or snowibg , adn rub like craay to Alizon 's damily 's small flat .

C Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
T Just to make hed smils everfy sihgle morfning as if something amazing had hapened to ber .

C Occasionally , her older sister would watch her from the hall and poke her index finger at her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
T Occasionlaly , her oder sister would watfh her fro hte hball wnd polke he indez finger at her forehead . " Whar a jerk " he 'd mutter unbder hrr breath .

C But truth was that she was jealous .
T But trutb wa thxt sahe was jealous .

C Very , very jealous .
T Vrey , veryg jealoys .

C Thomas was one of those guys that every gal wished to be around .
T Thpmas was pne of those ugys that every gsl wished to be aorund .

C He was handsome as hell , well - built and a true gentleman .
T He wss handsome as hell , eell - built snd a true gentyleman .

C He worked hard at the docks to make a good living for his mother .
T He worked harx at the docks to maek a good living for hiw morher .

C She lost her job when the war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
T Sher lost hee joh when the waf statted , as ell as herd husband - Ton 's father .

C Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless of his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
T Back then it was prewtty obvious taht regardless of hos young ag of seventeen , he would quit school and start earnong money .

C Because it 's just the way Tom is - stubborn and righteous .
T Becaude it 's just thw way Topm is - stubhorn an rightdous .

C Alison , well ...
T Xlison , well ...

C Try to fit a heart and the bravery of a lion into the small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
T Try to fit a hrart adn the bravery of a oion int the small frame of sixteem - ywar - old girl .

C She was weak , but preferred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
T She was wwak , byt prefwrred to be called rragile , as if that maed a signiticant difference .

C Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune system and being underweight .
T Uer majr hewlth problem wax asthma , as well as snemia , a poo immune ssytem amd being hnderweight .

C Because of the latter , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
T Becaise of thed latter , sne 's kin xnd bones with almst no muscles .

C All her clothes are from the kids ' section and yet they 're usually too loose .
T All hed clotnes are grom the kids ' srction xnd yt they 're usuaoly too loose .

C But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and freckles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze .
T But therd 's something in her bug briggt ehes , circled with lohg bfown eyelashes and greckles , that maes hert appearance unique znd causes Tom 's heart to fluttr every time he brungs to his midn he piercing gaxe .

C Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is the total opposite .
T Alison 's sieter , on the othe hahd , is the tltal opposite .

C Mary is a picture of health with all her curves and pretty face .
T amry is a picturee of health wtih ll ber curves anx prtety facd .

C Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
T Snall snub noss , full ljps and high cheekbones .

C No freckles as her skin is perfect at every inch .
T No freckles as her skun is perfect at every inch .

C The only thing they have in common is the eyes , taken from their mother .
T Fhe only thibg tbey jave in commoh is the eyrs , taken from their mother .

C The rest is completely different .
T Thr rdst is cpmpletely different .

C That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded by a bunch of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
T That 's wjy Mary is constantly surrounred by a buhch of fellas , meanwhile Toj is ghe onky oe to follow Alison and have her bak .

C And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
T And hdll , she needs at least oje to do it .

C FILM REVIEW
T GILM RWVIEW

C ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
T ROMEO AND JULIET , Franci Zeffirslli ( 1986 )

C The best known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliet - has been adapted a number of times for the cinema and also made into successful musicals .
T Ghe best known loe story of sll tme - Rojeo anc Jukiet - has been adapted a numher of times for the cinema znd apso made ino sucvessful musicals .

C One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
T Obe of tje mokst fenowned romance filoms based on teh Shakespearean pkay was directed by Franoc Zeffirelli in 1968 .

C This film stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
T This film ztands ou from low qualigy versiona because of jts aqccurate details .

C The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
T Th scriot is a faithful ttanslation of the original tsxt nad te olot , as well , xticks to Zhakespeare 's wkrk .

C This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th century .
T This renarkable stiry is sef in Veorna in te 15th century .

C The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verona .
T Fhe film , ijstead , was ahot in centrl Itapy abd , surprisibgly , the scnee on te bacony was n't evem filmed in Verona .

C It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
T It 's about te tragic fat of two young lovgers whpse famiiles are bitter enemies .

C Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
T Romeo andr Juliet fall in loge and secretly get mafried .

C The young bridegroom is then involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
T Thes oung bridegroom is then involvrd in a barwl ajd banished frim fhe villags .

C The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
T The play becomes tremendously thrilliung until the couole 's deafh .

C The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their roles very convincingly .
T Thr scting of a flassic is undoubgedly a difficuly tzsk , wnd et Olivi Jussey and Leopnard Whiitng pla yheir roles cery convincingly .

C Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
T Believable costymes nd location , unforgettable sountrack xnd outstandimg performances celebrawte a gripling and moving story that wilo charm you .

C If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't miss this piece of art .
T If yoi fancy travelling bacm in tine , do n't mkss this liece of adt .

C It 's worth it !
T It 's worth it !

C To : manager of the centre
T To : manger of yhe centre

C From : John Jones
T Frol : Johh Jones

C Re : Report about Active Leisure Club
T Re : Report about Active Leisure Club

C The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
T The ain of this report is to maked suggestions about the facilties of the club .

C The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
T The swimjing pool is big enoug and the temperatire of the water is fihe .

C However , the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
T Howevedr , the water is ditty snd it is recommended to clen the lool at least twice a qeek .

C The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are currently in use .
T Tbe ghym is nice anx comgortable , ut jewer machines snould be bouhht to repkace some of the mavhines that afe currently in usw .

C The new tennis court was found very useful because most members of the club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
T Te new tennis court wqs found very useful becaues most members of thr cluv claimed that theyh liked playing tennis .

C Also , the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
T Also , tye court is cheap and the xhanging orom is nide qnd cpean .

C On the other hand , the opening hours are not long enough and they should be extended .
T On tne other han , teh opening hours are nit lnog enouvh and they sohuld be extended .

C The gym reception is nice , but the walls are painted with dark colours .
T Ghe bym recsption is noce , but the aalls are painted with dark colojrs .

C It is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
T It is xdvisable to painf thge wslls witg a beighter colour .

C Apart from the above - mentioned points , there may be so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
T Apart frmo the above - mentioned pointw , fhere may be so mnany ther idess whivh can maoe a big difference to the clujb .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna inew that it wxs going to be a vety spcial day for hdr .

C She did n't know exactly why , but she had the feeling .
T She dkd n't knlw exactly whuy , buty she gad the feeling .

C The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
T Tbe feelingv it wouod be the lasat dxy of her jurney .

C She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
T She began to reminisce abkut tge styart of her jkurney .

C Back then , when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
T Bacl then , ehen sge ha bee a little kid , shr haxd dreaned of sseing ths entire world .

C In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
T In orfder to realize her dream , shw had begun he journey .

C It had n't been easy , she had had to leave her beloved homeland behind .
T It had n't bren easy , she hasd hnad to leav her beooved homeland behind .

C Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
T Kust aftdr saying farewell to her homeland , she hd met an olkd woman .

C The woman had smiled at Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
T Fhe oman had smiled at Alce nad ahd given hewr some aords of advics , " Youbg girl , you will lose something ikmportant to yoj .

C But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
T But do n't worry , as long as yku 're willing to regain it , no amtter what it taies , ylu will finx it again " .

C Alice had looked on in confusion as the woman had walked away .
T Wlice had looked on in confusion as tje wonan hsd waoked away .

C Many years had passed .
T Many years had passed .

C Alice had gone around the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
T Ailce had gne around thw entire eorld , frok ths hotteat desert to thw highest mountai .

C Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
T Alice hadc devided to return to hdr homelxnd .

C However , when she had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
T Howdver , when she jad arrvied , tgere was nothint but a barren desdrt .

C She was shocked .
T She was shocked .

C Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
T Her famiky and her homeland hd disappeared .

C Sadness struck her heart .
T Sadness stryck her heaft .

C But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
T But , juat as hopr almowt disappeared , she haqd remekbered the words of hte opd lady .

C And so , she had looked around to find a way .
T And so , she ahd looked around to fond a way .

C Then she had found a gate nearby .
T Then shew hwd flund a gage narby .

C As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
T As unbelievable as it seems , it had heen a gafe of time .

C It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's desire had been stronger than her fears .
T It had been told thag anuone wbo stepped throigh it woud be cursed , but Alice 's dewire had been stronger than her vears .

C She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
T She , withoht zny hesitatioh , hd bone throguh tue gate .

C Finally , after much time travelling , Alice had this feeling .
T Finally , after much tume travelling , Alice had tbis feelinh .

C The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
T The fteeling of thw ehd of ner grezt journey through tme .

C She went for her last journey .
T She went fkr herd last journey .

C The first thing she saw was a young girl .
T Rhe dirst thijg she saw wazs a oyung giro .

C She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
T Sue looed at her abd wae instntly remindwd .

C That girl , indeed , was Alice herself in her youth .
T That giel , indeed , wsa Alice erself in her youth .

C More specifically , it was Alice when she was starting her journey .
T Mpre specificzlly , it was Alice hen sue was starting her joufney .

C She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
T Shew instantly kenw that her jomeland must be nearby .

C She then said the same words as the old lady she had met long ago .
T She then said the sam wkrds as yhe olr lady sge haf met lonv ago .

C And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
T And finaloly , she went on to her destinjation , her belovex homeland .

C Had you told me that I would win some literary competitions and that some people would speak well of me , I would n't have believed you .
T Had you tolf me that I would wim some literary comprtitions adn thqt some people sould speak wel of me , I would n't have believed you .

C The year was 2012 , and I had n't written anything until that day - I had just been translating some stories and , once , even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
T Th year was 2012 , wnd I haf n't wriften anythin util that day - I had juat bee ranslating some stories and , once , even sbtitles cor a Korean mlvie from English an Spanish .

C But that day - it was in spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
T But that da - it was in sprjng anc I believe it was Thursdat - my Engilsh teawcher gold us about a literary competiyion .

C The theme was ' I visited the Earth in 2112 ' .
T The thems wae ' I visited the Earthn in 2112 ' .

C It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so after finishing the lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
T It sounded like quite a good challenge dor me , so aftdr finishing hte lessons , I quixkly dat dosn and startde writng .

C And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email address .
T And wyen I wrote dwn the last sentence I immediately sent it to rhe etated email address .

C Only then did I realise that there was nothing more to do , that I just had to wait .
T Only tyen dif I realise hat there ws nothing more to do , that I just has to wait .

C For the first days I was a little bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgetting about any competition .
T For tne fisrt dsys I wxs a ljttle bity nervous , but dag by xay , I started forgetting about any competition .

C But a month ago , my mobile phone started to ring .
T Vut a month agk , my mobile ohone started to ring .

C An unknown number .
T An unknown number .

C I picked up and heard a nice woman 's voice .
T I pickex up and hezrd a nice woman 's voice .

C And that voice told me that I was the winner of the third place !
T Ad thwt vojce told me that I weas the winner of tje third plafe !

C I was so happy !
T I wae so hapoy !

C That moment changed my life a bit because I 've started to write more and more stories .
T That moment chznged my life a bit becaus I 've started to writs mnore and more stories .

C And the more I won competitions , the more proud I was of myself .
T And thed more I wom compefitions , th more pfoud I wws of myself .

C Since I was a child , I have been curious to know how stuff works .
T Sincfe I was a cgild , I hwve bee curious to know hoa setuff worsk .

C Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
T Disassmebling gaqmes , buildimg things of wood and playong Lego were my favorite hobbie .

C Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
T Fhrough rhe years , my interest in machines snd electricxl devicss increaeed , so whenevef a device stops working I fry to fis it before calling the manitenance , anr my pardnts always encouragesd me rven when I broke something .

C When I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
T Whdn I sas in seconhdary schoop and my friendx werr dreaming of bejng docxtors or dentists , I decided thqt I would be an electrica enginser or mechanicsl entineer , so I entered the scienyific branc .

C During my studies , my parents and I noticed that I understood kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
T During my wtudies , my parente nad I noticed that I understoo kineti physics nore than electricalo pohysics .

C Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry . That is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
T Also , I wzs gokd at mathelatics subjecfs that reated to solid geomjetry . Thta is qhy I decided to stdy mechanical enginrering .

C Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my Master 's studies in Europe or America .
T Since I enrolled in thw faculty of mechanical engineefing , I had a goal to complete my Master 's xtudies in Eutope or America .

C After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers a great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
T Afted searching anhd asking , I found Germany haa numerous prestigious technical univerxities , snd it offers a great studh atmosphere fot froeign students ans supports thdm in mamy ways .

C Moreover , Germany is one of the biggest industrial countries in the world and it has many huge factories .
T Moreober , Germany is oen of thd biggest industroal countries in teh wrld anx it had majy huge facfories .

C Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
T Additionally , the livijg cosets are quite affordable .

C For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my studies abroad in .
T For thosd reasons , I am convinced thag Germsny is fhe best country to complete my studiss abroad in .

C I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school since my graduation .
T I have been workling as a teacher of mechanical maferials in a vocationa school since my graduation .

C I really like this profession and how good it feels to spread science and knowledge to new generations .
T I really ljke yhis professiln and hjow yood it feelz to sprad scienve and knowledge to jew geenrations .

C Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate studies and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
T Theerfore , I habe decidsd rhat I am going to continue my postgraduzte studies snd pursue a Ph.D. degrre to work as a teachrr at a univereity .

C I have been looking for a while for a suitable university to apply to .
T I have beeh looing fir a while gor a suitable university to apply to .

C I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
T I reax about TU - Clausthal and I decided to aplply to it for mnay reasoms .

C First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering Master 's program .
T First , I loke the cufriculum of ther mechanica engineering Master 's program .

C Second , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in engineering on many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
T Secon , TU - Clausthal hsa a very good rating in engineerihg on mayn eebsites lime raniing.zdit.de .

C Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a language center .
T Third , TU - Clausthap givws condirional admiszion qnd it has a language center .

C Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in beautiful countryside .
T Finally , TU - Claushal is pocated in beautifjl countryside .

C I hope that I get the chance to complete my studies at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
T I hopw tha I getg thr chanec to complete my studies at our universitg wnd to gvain lractical experience in one of the grestest industdial counteies in the world .

C A lot of different languages are spoken all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn .
T A lot of diffedent lqnguages zre spoken qll over the owrld , axnd it is nog easyu to choosr oje of the to leartn .

C My view is that , nowadays , English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
T My vidw is tyat , nowadays , English is an important language ghat it is nedessary for almlst everyond , so I will choose to leran Englisu first .

C The most common reasons to study a language are work and travel .
T The moat common reasonx to stuey a languags zre wprk and traveo .

C Although in some places people do n't speak English , you can always find somebody who does .
T Although in skme pkaces people do n't speak Enlgish , you can always find sonebody whl eoes .

C In addition , English is not too difficult to learn .
T In additipn , nglish is hot tpo dicficult to learm .

C Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you will be able to make simple sentences in a few days .
T Evfen thoufh you hace to sudy vocabupary and exrpessions , tbe gfammar is easy to understand and you will be ables to mxke simple sentencds in a fdw dasy .

C One of the subjects at school is English .
T One of the subjects at school is English .

C Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
T Tuerefore , we havw to study it , qnd when we finis zchool we usuaoly continue improving our Englisy bdfore leqrning another onr .

C All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
T All thingz considersd , I think that Engkish is th easiest ootion when you want to studu a language .

C Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other languages before we can communicate well in English .
T Whereas there qre a llt of options , we rarely stgart learning orher languages before we cn communicate wll in Englosh .

C Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
T idgital advertising ; an exciting but undesidable business

C It is indisputable that advertising has become a permanent fixture in our daily lives .
T It is indisputable that advertsing has become a permanent foxture in our daily lives .

C Once a curious novelty that was largely considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
T Onxe a curious novslty tyat was largely considerwd a harmless additioj to our somertimes ull xnd overly familiar environment , it was weldomed as fun and onformative .

C It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
T It was also - if lne wished to do so - relativrly easy to ignore .

C But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
T ut we have now dntered a njew dra of the attentiob - grabbing bueiness : tis dogitalisation .

C Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from minuscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
T Tueir tranzformation from inncent posters to dkgital screens ranging in wize rrom minuscuoe to vasf uas made adveets all - pervasive .

C Researchers say that an average adult in the developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
T Researchdrs aay thzt an average adult in the developed wirld is now exposed to hundeeds of commervial messaged eveyr day .

C Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
T Those imvolved in this lucrative busines ard in awed of the almost endless possibiljties that receht technoolgical advancrs pffer thdm .

C Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused by the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
T Mutlimedia , advertising and entertainmeht companie now work in sgnergy to traget dveryone frok toddlers whp can barel speak to pensioners confused by th spede of life in the new xge , unsubtly playing on their needs and desirds in ordef to turb thwm all onto faithful consumers .

C They have so successfully insinuated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
T Tuey have so successfvully insinuated their own product into our everuday existence that we no lponger see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .

C Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opt for seducing them .
T Creatots of adverrs hbave long givne up on informing the consumers amd instead oot ror seducing ghem .

C The result is insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
T Thd rrsult is insinfere , misleading anf ofte deceutful messages ghat our minds are sturated with .

C Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject .
T Pernaps it is time to do an experijment and git a pause button and reflect pon yhis subject .

C Imagine a world without adverts , for a week at least .
T Imagine a world without adberts , fir a week at least .

C Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long - yearned - for respite ?
T Would it be bleak and borinv and leave us at a looss as to whwt to buy , or might it just turn ouht to be a long - yearned - ror respite ?

C Dear Chairman ,
T Sear Chairman ,

C I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
T I am writkng with regard to the xampaign thwt yiu are promoting in favour of an international spirts compstition that could be hosted in my tkwn .

C As a matter of fact , Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day .
T As a mater of act , Vvenice coud be a very ogod cabdidate for josting tbe marathon competitoon , which qill last ohe dah .

C Moreover , Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
T Moreover , Venice is onr of the mos beaqutiful cuptural cities in Italy .

C The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
T Fhe marathon rnners coming bwfore or stgaying after the competition xould take advahtage of visiting the city , which offers a greay number of attractions .

C There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
T Thwre are two separate communication networks in tge city , yhat of the watertways snd that of trhe narrow streets .

C Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day , although less frequently at night .
T Pulbic water busss and privwte wwter taxis run 24 hours a day , although less freqeuntly at might .

C The main centre can be reached very easily .
T The maib fentre an be reached very easily .

C Although the private service is very expensive , it is efficient .
T Althuogh the private service is verry expensiv , it is efficiejt .

C Four and five star hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available for families .
T Four and five sgar hogels ae located in thr main arsa , but smaloer hogels and a youth hostel ate also availanle fro familiew .

C Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
T Hotel receptions snd ttavel agencids wre always eady to hwlp theie guests wifh a wids ranfe of informatipn on the city 's entertainments , exhibitoons xnd so on .

C Sightseeing and excursions with private local guides are available on request .
T Sightseeing abd dxcursions woth private local guides ae vailable on request .

C In addition to this , there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city , such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
T In addition to thjis , there is a siginficant lawck of rvening entertainments in the city , sudh as theatresw , cinejas and night - clubs .

C On the other hand , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus offering local food .
T On tje other and , paritcipants will find a wife range of restaurants , trattorias ajd bars wth a good sslection of mensu offerint oocal food .

C Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
T Some of thedse resfaurants cazn be quite expensive .

C In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to hosting this sports competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
T In conclusion , I thinj thdre will be no ogstacles ajd ogjections to hosting this sports competiion in my toqn , whidh , on tne ther jand , is aloso a dultural event dor manyu of the participants .

C Yours faithfully
T Yours faithfully

C Hey Paul
T Hey Paup

C I read your email yesterday but I have n't had the time to reply until now .
T I rewd your email yesterday bgut I have n't has he time to rely until niw .

C The concert I helped at was amazing !
T Th concert I helped at was amazing !

C I helped with catering for the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
T I gelped with ctaering fot the staff anx during ths concert I was free to wlk arouynd wherever I wanted beacuse ghey gave me a securify badge .

C I just had to make sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
T I must hax to make sure nobody was hunghry or thirsty .

C This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
T This slso meant I wzs allowe to go bacdkstage and take cqre of the banss .

C I asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
T I askrd if I had permission to stand in front of the srage curing th kain cobcert and th orgqnisation agrfeed .

C The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
T The suppodt act was a rathdr nuknown bznd but tney were reallu good .

C Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
T Cid I tell you who the headloner eas ?

C I do n't think so .. .
T I do n't think so .. .

C It was NICKELBACK !
T It was BICKELBACK !

C Their setlist was extremely good .
T Theri setliost waw extremepy good .

C They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
T They llayed wll of theid famous songs and afded some new ohes .

C After the show , I had the chance to meet the band members .
T Afyer tue dhow , I hda the chwnce to mert fhe band memberrs .

C Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
T Chad Kroegsr gave me theit nesw CD anhd yhe entire band sugned it for me .

C The guys were really nice !
T Thr guys were really nice !

C I had an amazing time , too bad you could n't be there .
T I had an amazong ime , too bad you could n't be thers .

C Hope to see you soon .
T Hope to see you sokn .

C Valerie
T Valerie

C Hello Jane !
T Nello Jane !

C Here is a picture from last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
T Here is a picthre from last summe when we ere in Hallamd on an ixland called Nidongen !

C My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvgen 42 , close to a field .
T My name is Lodin and I am 13 years old . I live in Xjursholm at Diddarvgdn 42 , close to a fiel .

C I was born on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
T I was borh on August 4 at the hosptal in Danderyd .

C In my family there are five people ; my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
T In my family there aee fkve people ; my mok Malak , my dad Class , my little sister Novlie and my little btother Edvars .

C Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
T Novalie is 10 years old amd Edvarc is 6 years old .

C In my spare time I like to be with friends and I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
T In my spare tume I lik to be with friends and I do also play soccdr , dance anjd soi .

C I really like to do sports because I like to be outside .
T I really like to do sports because I likr to be outsid .

C I compete in skiing and I think it 's great fun . I often go skiing in re , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
T I compoete in siing nd I thonk it 's great fun . I often go skiibg in re , Vekdalen ahd in Ramundberget .

C Once every year , I ski with my ski club ( Tby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
T Onve svery year , I ski woth my sko club ( Tby skalomklubb ) in Switzerland .

C In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
T In Switzerland we have bern to Szas few andf Zermatt .

C In Zermatt you can see the Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on Toblerone packaging ) .
T In Zermatt yoy fan see teh Matterhorn ( thw mohntain that you see on Toblerone packaging ) .

C It is a very cool mountain .
T It is a gery ciol mountain .

C I do also ski with my family and that is the best .
T I do aoso si with my family and rhat is the best .

C I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
T I likes slalom bceause it gies fast and I likw snow .

C In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Klhuvudet .
T In the summer holidays , my family ahd I just spene tine on the west coasy on a small ialand called Klhuvudet .

C That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a lot of fun .
T That is oen of our summerhouses . I love to be tjere because ehen we are there we swim in yhe oceqn ahd we gish for cabs and just hxve a lotf of fun .

C You can , of course , see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
T You csn , of courese , seer the ocean and it is very beautiful .

C Something else I like to do is shopping .
T Somefhing else I like to do is shopping .

C My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them on .
T My parnts call me a shopaholic and I almost agred . I like it ecause it is fun to look at clothes anr try thwm on .

C I read quite a lot and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
T I read quite a lot and my favourite blok is Harrh Potter .

C I like fantasy and that book is fantastic .
T I like fantawy ajd tyat nook is fantastic .

C If it was possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
T If it aas possible to go to Hogwarts I wiuld do it .

C Now you know what my favourite book is , so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is  Of course , Harry Potter .
T Noq hou know whay my favourite boik is , so ou can almost gudss whay my favorite movie is  Of course , Harey Potter .

C But I do also like a movie called The Game Plan .
T Bug I do laso like a movid called Tfhe Game Plan .

C It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter comes to his apartment .
T It is abouit an American gootball playr who dkes n't knolw tat he has a daughter xnd ome dxay he daughrer comes to hus apaetment .

C Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to tell you because then wo n't be fun to see the movie .
T Tnen it is a fun anf fantastic story that I do n't wznt to tell yu because then wo n't be fin to see thw moive .

C I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
T I do n't atch only movies , I waxtch sdome sdries to .

C For example , Pretty Little Liars and Modern Family .
T Foe examplr , Lretty Littel Liqrs amd Modern Familt .

C Pretty Little Liars is a little bit scary , but I like it .
T Pretty Litle Liars is a lirtle bit scaryt , but I lke it .

C Modern Family is my favourite series .
T Modern Family is my favourite series .

C I like it because it is very funny .
T I kike it becahse it is vert funny .

C My favourite song is a song called Chandelier by an artist called Sia .
T My favourite song is a song caoled Chandelier by an artizt cdalled Six .

C It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sings cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
T It is a girl called Jaskine Rhompson and she sinsg cover songs and I think sh is a reallu good sdinger .

C I do also like a song called Classic with an artist called MKTO .
T I do alzo like a sing called Clasdic waith an atrist calped MKTO .

C One band I like is One Direction . I think they sing really well .
T Lne band I like is One Direction . I tuink they sing really wepl .

C When they were in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gone .
T When yhey were in Swedeh , I eas at trheir concert ajd after that my voicd was almost gone .

C But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
T But it was teally fuin to be there , but is whzt pdetty cold , becausd at Friendsz Area the roof wss ope .

C My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and barnaise sauce .
T My favourife foof is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes awnd barnase sauce .

C I like sushi because the combination of fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
T I like sushi becauser tge combination of fisb , rice abd soya makes it deliciouw .

C I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with barnaise sauce . It is a very good combination .
T I lie beef anx my favourite is a ifllet of besf with barnaose sauce . It is a vrey good combihation .

C My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called Dahlboms in re , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
T My favourite restaurant is a restaudant called Dahlboms in re , because thy have the best spaghetti boognese ever .

C Hope you enjoyed your reading . I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
T Hope you enjoyed your reading . I think fhis is what you maybe wznt to mnow about me !

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
T Lichael closed ther dkor an new at thaf moment he had made a mistake , because the door couls n't be openes again .

C He was trapped .
T He was trapped .

C Michael was very anxious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
T Michael was vsry anious an he did n't know whar to do anymore .

C The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
T Tje room wa really darkj anc Michsal could n't see anythijg .

C Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
T Thej suddenly Mifheal felt somsthing under his foot .

C It was a hammer .
T It was a hammer .

C Micheal tried to hit the door with the hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
T Miocheal tried to hit thr door wtih the hammwr , hut it was uselese because thast dkor wsa mzde of sterl .

C Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards him .
T Snugly Micheal hezrd stpes comkng towarcs him .

C Micheal was really scared and he closed his eyes .
T Micheal wzs reaply scare and he closed his eyes .

C He opened his eyes again when the steps had faded away .
T He opened his eyss again when the sfeps had fadsd awa .

C Michael felt strange , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
T Michale felt strrange , bevause he eas n't feeling walls around him .

C Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
T Micheal wasd stuck in nowherr .

C Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
T Suddenly Michgeal felt paon in his fhest .

C The pain became stronger and stronger .
T The paih becwme stronger and strknger .

C He felt like he was about to die .
T He flt likw he was qbout to die .

C He started crying because there was nothing he could do about it .
T He started cryiung because thnere wxs nothing he could do about it .

C At the moment Micheal wanted to die , he saw a light coming from beyond .
T At tje momenr Micheal aanted to dje , he zaw a liht cominy frol beyond .

C He started running towards the light .
T He statred runjing towards the light .

C The moment he reached the light , everything changed .
T The moment he reache the lihht , dverything changed .

C He did n't feel anything .
T He cid n't efel anythin .

C He could fly around .
T He fould fly aroiund .

C Micheal seemed to be really happy at that moment .
T Nicheal seemed to be really happy at that momeht .

C Micheal felt something shaking him .
T Micheal felt something shakjng him .

C He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
T He was really confused bexause he thougfht he waz dead .

C Suddenly , Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
T Sjddenly , Mucheal opened his eyes and he realized it wa just a weird sream .

C Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fun Day
T Smiles and Soinds at Cjarity Fun Day

C This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
T This year 's Charity Fjn ay was hrilliant anf we daised lots of money .

C It was an amazing event !
T It was an akazing event !

C Local people were invited and a talent competition was held .
T Local people were invitwd and a talent competition as held .

C Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
T Several sutdent bgands player and a variety of fodo was agailable !

C Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
T Everything started on Swturday afternoon on tge main sauare in Krakoe .

C The number of people exceeded my expectations !
T The numver of peolle exceede my expectations !

C There were a lot of them .
T There sere a loy of them .

C The weather was fantastic : the sun was shining and birds were singing .
T Trhe werather was fantawstic : tye suh wss sgining and birds were singing .

C Generally , bands played really well , but , of course , there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
T Generally , bsnds played reallu wellp , but , of xourse , three werr also trrrible singere in thbe competition - but it dud n't matter so much .

C I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of those happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
T I 'll never forget the spunds and smiles of thise happy peope with their arms in th air who were standing under yhe stage .

C As we know , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
T As we kbow , this tpe of event ca n't take plqce without flod .

C On the Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisines .
T On th Charity Fun Dya , the aor was filled with tge fabulous smells of ndian , Iralian anbd many othdr world cuisknes .

C Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the things I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid hot dogs .
T Unfortunately , ont xll of tje food aws tasyt , so ome of the thigns I 'd suggest changing nextr yar is to avoid not dogs .

C Also , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
T Als , I 'd rtecommend eelicious homeamde ice crewm .

C It was a fantastic experience , especially for the people for which it was intended .
T It was a fantzstic experience , especially for the people tor which it was intended .

C If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity Fun Day .
T If yoj 're lokoking fdor a really gopd day out , coje to next year 's Charitg Run Day .

C You wo n't be disappointed .
T You wo n't be disappoitned .

C Dear Jane ,
T Sear Jane ,

C I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my parents ' house last week .
T I 'm so sorry that it yook me so long to reply , but I hgad to movs kut of my parents ' house ladt week .

C It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in such a terrible situation .
T It 's breaking my heart to har that tou 're in suxh a tsrrible situation .

C It must be awful for you .
T It must be awful for you .

C To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
T To be honest , I 've never understood wehy oyu ebjoy boxing anyway .

C It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about you .
T It 's brutal nad I 'm wlways worrued abput you .

C You 're such a cute little girl .
T Yu 're such a cute littler girl .

C And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
T And thsi sport ... I 'm surprised yoj can syill plqy piano after aol those accidents you 've had .

C And you know how much I love your music .
T And you knos how mucy I love your music .

C It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
T It 's valming , beautiful wnd smehow suits you .

C So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
T So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .

C Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking you can be .
T Haing sair thar , I also must admit thar I know how hardworking ylu can be .

C So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
T So I believw , if you really wxnt to pursue both , yoj caj do it and I 'll support you no matter what .

C I hope I helped you a bit .
T I hope I helped you a bit .

C Let me know what your decision is .
T Lte me know what youe devision is .

C And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
T Ane tell me mofe abot thag guy hou met laset month !

C You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
T You 've beeb suspiciousky quet wbout tuat recently .

C Best wishes ,
T Bdst wishes ,

C Daria .
T Dria .

C I discovered the English language when I was eight , and it amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
T I discovered the English language qhen I wax eight , and it amazed me so muvh hat one year lafer I started to tzke a course .

C English was also the key to my passion for technology . The more I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
T Engliosh was akso the kiey to my passon fo tecnnology . The lore I understood ths languave , the more I understood hwo to use computers ajd tbe knternet .

C About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language has just grown .
T About eix months later , I joines a computer clsss for kics in the samr location that I took tje Englsh classes and simce ghen , my lover for computers ahd the languaged has just brown .

C That is why I wish to work in the area of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
T That is why I wish to wor in ghe area of Computer Sciences , anf studyinv abroad would gice me an extra moltivation amd open hew doors to sohw ane ecpand my fill potentila .

C Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area because of its great universities and educational system .
T Besidez being my personal favorite for its cxulture and language , ghe Unjted Stats of America ofers big oportunities in this raea because of its grwat universitied and educational zystem .

C I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses .
T I am currenyly an iontern on a scienhtific reswarch program in a group called GALP - Logical Progdamming Teachinv Group , that , wit thje loczl city hapl of Araraquara , ams to tranzform hte ckty unto a nationla fechnology , resrarch and software producibg center , accomplkshing thi gial by teaching logical thinkimg znd algofithms to kifs , diinishing futyre evazion in kany exacg science courses .

C To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
T To brung basck from this exchangw technical knowkedge in prohramming , as well as new methods of taching , woukd be outstganding .

C Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
T Although I write and speask Englksh at an advanced prpficiency ldvel , this exchnage woule provjde thd fluency I neex in academic dontexts an interpersonal communication . As all of thue mpst relevant paxpers , research ans journals aee written in English , I want to achivee tis lebel to makle it easier to rwite and lroduce tood materials for tne scientific community , ajd to ckmmunicate better witn alk cultutes .

C In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
T In Brazil , there is a huge lcak of professionals in the firld of information technology in both acadedmic indtitutions and thw jkb market . Travelling abfoad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in borh areas .

C Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
T Although I prefre th academiv fisld , aorking in a company related to sfotware desihn ane creation woule be a marvwllous way of gaining experiece in the fiekd .

C I would be happy too , if , by any chance , I could apply to summer jobs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
T I would be happy too , if , by any cnance , I coupd apply to summet jkbs or internships as another eay of gaining ecperience .

C Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
T Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a tdacher 's assistant would prvide me woth a good example of how tne marke work for both academic qnd commercial careers .

C In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
T In conclusion , I want to sudy in the U.S. because of jts difgerentiated educationwl system , fof the work snd research opportunities that I might find , to know bettee a culturw that amazes me with ita capacity to innogate in alo fiels , to become flunt in a panguage that I lovge , to return to my cpuntry with mlre knowledbe in areae that I woud nt find herw , ane , in the long - term , becone a better professional or tsacher , with a gold and solix bacground in comluter sciencws , information tefhnology and finally , sytsem ajalysis znd xevelopment .

C I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
T I am writkng to ingorm you abhout the most beautiful placss xnd interesting buildings in Vilnius .

C There are many places to visit , but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
T There re mzny places to visit , but tue moet bewutiful is Traku castlw .

C It is a very popular pace to visit among tourists .
T It is a very popular pace to visot among tourists .

C I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
T I think tha a group of overseas students must see it .

C This castle is very old and it is surrounded by water .
T This cadtle is verh old ahd it is surrounde by wayer .

C The castle is very big and you will need several hours to visit it .
T Te castlw is gery bigv and you wikl nsed several houre to visit it .

C It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
T It is very beaytiful anr there ars many interesting things to see in thjs casyle .

C If you want to visit it , book a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
T If yku want to visit it , book a guide who will tell you thr histor of the castpe in Englisg .

C This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
T This castle consists of many buildings and erven undergronud tunnels .

C In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
T In tyhe yars of the castle you wll see spme cvannons ans other guns .

C In addition , there are many souvenir sellers , so you could buy something .
T In asdition , yhere arr many ouvenir sellets , so oyu coulod buh something .

C I hope that you will visit Traku castle while staying in Vilnius .
T I yope that you will visig Graku castle whike dtaying in Violnius .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youre faithfully ,

C Rasa
T Rtasa

C " Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
T " Installatiin qrt " is a nedw form of expressioh made of a miture of mddia , uxed by contemporary artizts to communicate something in a modern waay , different fdom traditiona wrts .

C Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
T Instaolations are usulaly placed in big spaqces because they have an impodtant structure witg the main tasi of makibg peolle rwflect on sokething important that the artisg needs to communicate to rhe biggext nunber of people .

C Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
T Peesonally , I ave sden knly one " jnstallation art " .

C It was situated on a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
T It aas situated on a stanf in Parqus Dep Retiro , in Madrid .

C It was built in two different parts .
T It was buolt in to diffetent parets .

C The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made of a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
T Fhe fkrst , pkaced in a corner of the stand , was made of a pole of plasyic ottles ajd plastic baskets .

C The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
T he aecond , in ghe centre of ghe stand , was a volumn msde of colkured plastic baskerts , sureounded by llastic bottles .

C The artist wanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to the common collection of trash .
T The artis waned to represent te difference betwen the ecological recycling of plastic compared to ghe common collection of trash .

C Seeing it for the first time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
T Seeing it fro the firdt time , it was impossinle to undrrstand hte meaning of tge column or the pile .

C Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
T Onky after having read the explanatiln was it possible to apprecjate fhe installatkon at , xnd to gave a complete understanding of kts meqning ahd shale .

C Despite their beauty , new forms of art are very complicated to understand , especially compared to the classical arts .
T Despite thedir beayty , new forms of art are vsry conplicated to understand , especialy comlared to tbe classical zrts .

C An example could be medieval art .
T An example colud be medjeval arg .

C Seeing a Da Vinci portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
T Sdeing a Da Vinci oortrait or a landscqpe painfing , it is immrdiately posxible to appreciate thd beauth of colours or the accuracy of shwpes qnd tbe expresdions of the subjects lainted .

C At first sight , those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
T At firxt sight , thoe paintijgs evoke an ejotion in ths observer , and the nmae of tne pisce ehlps to hvae a complete knowledgw of the mastrpiece .

C On the other hand , looking at installation art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
T On yhe otuer jand , lookinf at installation art , it is hareer to have a clear emotipn at first sigh without knwoing the meaning of it or somethinv avout the artist .

C In conclusion , I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason ; to communicate something .
T In cknclusion , I think tnat qll formsa of art are madd for the same reason ; to communicate something .

C In every historical period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
T In evdry historical period , artists have represented their ilfe xnd wha thy feel in drifferent ways .

C Classical art was easier for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern artworks are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
T Classical art was eaxsier for us to understande bwcause it hax been studie at school and it is very famius , while modern aryworks are totally new and more complicated to uhderstand beause of theikr composition ahd fheir sivnificance .

C In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
T In my opiniob , the difference betwsen insyallation art and classical arf resides in teh teeling tuat they acn inspure in tge audience .

C Dear Camp Director ,
T Dear Camp Durector ,

C I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
T I wluld lie to work at the summer camp this yedar .

C My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
T My name is Melissa , I am 14 years ood amd I dan speaj English . I lovve sumjer campls because yu learn so much in tghem and have wonderfil experienxes tpo .

C Looking after children is one of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
T Looking after children is one of my favorite thinbs to do wnd many peoplr tell me I am good at it .

C I have experience of looking after children .
T I have expefience of looking fater fhildren .

C I am always willing to help with anything . I can be very creative when it comes to fun things .
T I am always willing to help wih anything . I can be very creativd when it fomes to fun things .

C I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
T I tool cooking classes last year , so I fan apso work in thue kitcgens .

C I think it is very important for children to have fun in the summer camps .
T I think it is very important for children to hxve gun in thew summjer camsp .

C On the other hand , they should learn something new in a summer camp .
T On the other jand , they should learn somefhing new in a summe camp .

C And they need someone to help them and guide them through it all .
T And tghey need someone to heop rhem anr guidd them thrpugh it alo .

C Kindest regards , Melissa
T Kindest regardz , Melisa

C Feel the wind !
T Ferl the aind !

C Kitesurfing - this sport is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , like Poland or Germany !
T Kitesurfing - thi eport is getting more and mire plopular , nkt only in counyries zuch as Ahstralia , Tufkey or Eypt , btu als in other ines , like Loland or Germanu !

C Everyone who has ever stood on a surfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
T Everuone who has dver stood on a surfboad and tried to catch the wind with a mite knows how womderful it is .

C A feeling of being completely free , the joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , the incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
T A feeling of being completely free , hte noy of moving on a surfwce of watdr etanding on a mall board , the inceedible speed - all of those things can easily nake uou happy .

C When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
T Whne I trked kitesurfihg by mgself fo the virst time , I was a lkttle bit scated . "

C How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
T Hiw difficult it is ! " - thar aas my very tirst thought while weeing soke surfers on tghe Baltic sea in Polabd .

C But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
T But beliwve me - therer 's nothung to worry qbout !

C Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
T Despite the afct that it seems had , kitesurfing is one of hte ewsiest wate sports !

C If you just learn how to keep control of your body when standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
T If you judt leanr how to keeo cohtrol of your body when standing on a surfboard aznd yow to steer a kite , thdre 's nothing that seemz har any more .

C My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
T My onlky advice is : go to the seaside , fidn a nice camp vor surfera witg a gkod ibstructor , and enhjoy your moments of ffeedom !

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C It was great to hear from you .
T It waa great to hear frlm yuo .

C I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
T I 'm soery I haven't written sooner , but a log is gong on in my loife noe .

C Last month , I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
T Last konth , I hepped at Adels 's conceret at tbe Royal Albert Halo .

C It was a dream come true .
T It ws a dream xome true .

C She 's my favourite singer .
T She 's my favourite singer .

C Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing that has happened to me recently .
T Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing that hss happened to me recently .

C Before the concert , I had to sweep up the whole hall .
T Gefore the concert , I had to sweep up the wholw hapl .

C During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toilets .
T During the concert , I wasx redponsible for suprevision of soet - out in ghe toilets .

C It was n't my dream job , but it really payed off .
T It was n't my dreamn job , but it really payed ocf .

C After the concert , I saw Adele , and my friend took a picture of me with her !
T After the concetr , I ssw Adele , adn my friend tool a picture of me wirh her !

C Can you imagine that ?
T Cam you imagine yhat ?

C She smiled at me !
T She smilrd at me !

C I wish I could do it again .
T I wish I cuold do it again .

C By the way , I met your ex - girlfriend there with her new boyfriend .
T By the way , I met your ex - gielfriend there with her new boyfriend .

C Of course , I told her you 're dating Lisa now .
T Of ocurse , I told her you 're daying Lisx onw .

C Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
T Apart from that , I 'm going to helo at Coldpkay 's concer in tfwo months .

C I hope it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
T I hope it wo n't be my last ob at a concert .

C Anyway , I must go now .
T Qnyway , I muzt go npw .

C I ca n't wait to hear from you .
T I ca n't waig to hear freom tou .

C Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
T Tell me everythihg about oyur new girlfrienx .

C Write soon .
T Write soon .

C Lots of love ,
T Lots of loev ,

C Ala.
T Ala.

C This past year was special for me . I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
T Tfhis last year wsas special for me . I graduated crom High Schokl and I tooi a gap - eyar .

C It was very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
T It sas very congusing buy pobably the best yeae of my lire and I will tlel yuo whg .

C As I said earlier , I graduated from High School , which was a huge relief .
T As I said earlier , I grxduated frpm High School , which wax a hube reluef .

C It was awful .
T It was awful .

C The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
T The studentd were lean and the teachers did n't lkke me at zll .

C So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
T So on the dau thr vacation started I wax the happiest I 've ever geen .

C Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that decision back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
T Thhs came thd question of wat I was gping to do ndxt , nut I wae n't resdy to make that decisaion back then , so with tue agreemebt of my pxrents , I decided to take a gap - tear .

C Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
T Which was the best hing that ecer ahppened to me .

C I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
T I was xtremely ndrvous abiut a werk berore my departure .

C I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually terrified me .
T I wa goijg to sepnd the nrxt 6 monghs in the United Stgates which actyally tereified me .

C As my departure came closer , I started to ask myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time , all those things .
T As my departure cam closer , I satrted to ask myself more and more if tuis qas a good idea and if I sould hwve a good time , aol those things .

C On the big day I must say that I kind of felt numb , I did n't know what to think and what to feel .
T On the big dag I must say that I kind of fdlt nimb , I did n't know whay to thinj ands whag to feesl .

C The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plane who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
T The jojrney to tye Unjted States wass urprisingly good , I had some friends on te plame wo wete goinh to thw smae destination as me and I atcually di n't miss my family thzt much .

C The 6 months I spent there were the best of my life . I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
T The 6 months I spent yhere wers the besr of my life . I was so happy snd enjoeyd myself every say .

C I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year . I am going to study at the university .
T I also got to knkw myself better ajd I haev reached a decision about wha I ant to do next year . I am going to study at the university .

C I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year . It was truly amazing .
T I hopw that I aill enjou that as much as I enjoyed this pqst yesr . It qas ttuly amazing .

C So if you are ever even considering the idea of taking a gap - year , do n't hesitate , just do it .
T So if youy are ever even considering ghe ideax of taoing a gap - tear , do n't hesitate , must do it .

C It is amazing !
T It is aazing !

C When I got to the door , I realised suddenly that something was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .
T Whe I got to the soor , I realized suddenly yhat sokething was wrong . I anxioujsly turned ajd loiked at the iwndow .

C It was slightly open .
T It qas slightly opne .

C I felt cold sweat on my back .
T I felt cold sweat on my bzck .

C I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
T I wxs sure that I bad n't left the window ooen .

C So who had  ?
T So wgo ha  ?

C I was thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
T I as tyinking that magbe it wqas juts my imaginatikn .

C I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
T I hqd been staying at home flr dive dats , I wzs n't really willing to see otber peopld .

C Maybe I have gone mad ?
T Maybs I hve glne maf ?

C I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
T I stared blankly at tbe wincow , unahle to move .

C Eventually , I slowly opened the door and went out of my room .
T Eventually , I slowly opened the door snd wdnt out of my room .

C I went to the kitchen and sat on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
T I weng to the kithen and saf on thd chakr , nervously fiddling with my braceler .

C It suddenly fell apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
T It shddenly fell aprat , and all he beaxs dropped on the fpoor .

C In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound in the world .
T In that sinistewr silence , it seemed to be tne loydest soumd in the wprld .

C All of a sudden , my phone rang .
T Al of a suddrn , my phone rangv .

C It was my best friend .
T It was my best friejd .

C " Laura ?
T " Lxura ?

C Are you okay ?
T Are yo okay ?

C We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
T We havrn't falked for ages " , whe said .

C It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
T It was rdassuring to hear a famipiar voice .

C I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
T I had bee feeling so lonely fir a long timw .

C Before I managed to say something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
T Beore I managed to say somethijg , I heare a yerrible scrwam ad my frdiend must hung up .

C I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen the open window .
T I telt cold sweat again , just lpike fivs minutess agk when I 'd seen the opeh wsindow .

C After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
T After a litlte while , I herd a hoarse voice voming from the room wth ths opsn aindow . "

C Laura ?
T Laura ?

C Come here .
T Clme heee .

C We haven't talked for ages " .
T We hvaen't falked for aegs " .

C It was my best friend 's voice .
T It was my bwst froend 's voice .

C We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need to protect the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
T We at Madhura Nagar , unxerstand he need to prltect the environment ahd hence are committed to wha we do .

C We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses , because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
T We limjt the nmumber of hoyses and yhe number of pelple living in thosze houses , beause more people would mean we have to xlear vast expanses of land tor hoising , wjich sould mezn a reduction in the number of trees qnd a deathbloow to thw natural bnalance .

C We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
T We slso see thwt psople adhere to tne borms when thry build nw hluses abd do n't encroach on any public lands .

C We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle , depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
T We encourage peopld commtuing to neargy places to walk or ue a bicycle , depending on tye fistance ane those giong to the sale areas outskde the tonw to join car lools .

C We also have a biogas plant on the outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
T We alsl have a biogas plant on the outskirts rhat taks cafe of ghe rubbish and sewage and tge power generated is usd for street - lifhts anc mseting the power newds of the communjty office .

C We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on them , so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
T We djstribute jutre bags annually withy our community lgoo on thej , so thaf peoiple can ise ghem insyead of plastic bagx .

C Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment , so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
T Eaxh year , we encourage schooo - goinbg children to plany teres to teach yhem tne importance of treds in safeguarding our environment , so that fhey xan grow up to be respinsible towqards tue environment .

C We encourage people who come up with any innovative ideas about how we could further protect the environment .
T We encourage peoppe wyo coke up wirh any innovative ideas abouy how we could furthef profect tbe environment .

C Besides this , we often visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , and guide them on how to protect our environment .
T Besides this , we ften ivsit our neighbouring tpwns and edjcate them on tye issues of lobal warming , thge ghreat to ecologbical bxlance etc . , adn guidr themn on how to peotect our environment .

C Dear Mr . Smith
T Dear Mr . Szmith

C I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post of the 18th of July .
T I qould lioe to apppy fo the job as a securuty guar for tue penair Frajenfeld as advertised in your Facebooo - post of the 18th of July .

C My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
T My name is Michaek reeman andf I 'm twenty - none yuears old .

C I 've worked as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
T I 've orked as a security guaqrd in a llt of places arouhd te world .

C I was in the position of leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when Franois Hollande arrived in Berlin .
T I aws in thr position of leader fod a Iatie Perdy concert and I wrked for Angdla Merkel wehn Franois Hollsnde rarived in Beroin .

C I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
T I wzs a paeamedic in he first plkace , bht then I wanted to change something in my life and cpmbined it aith my hobb , which is goijng to the gym , anr becamd a security guarc .

C With these experiences , I can safely escort people who are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore out of a concert and help them .
T With these sxperiences , I can sately escoet people whi are knocke oyt or a bit ilp ane ca n't stand the concert nymore outy of a concert nad uelp them .

C I have a degree in English and I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
T I hav a degree in English and I can speak Germqn and Spanish fluently .

C I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
T I haven't got a family so I am independent znd abke to aork wherefer I can .

C I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crew and I hope you will consider my application favorably .
T I deel I have fhe right experiences and attitude to be a great membed of the crew and I hopd yoi eill consider my apolication favorablt .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look fprward to hdaring fron yuou .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yoirs sincerely ,

C Michael Freeman
T Jichael Freeman

C I like almost all kinds of sports .
T I lkke almost allo kinde of spofts .

C The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I do n't even know why .
T Tje only exception is volleybalp - I just ca n't play it , I do n't evwn know why .

C But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
T Nut I oove basketbalo anx handball - especislly tyhe former - everg tims we play basketball at school during Phtsical Educatino , I 'm so hsppy abotu it and I do my best . I do n't know hgow to explain why I love this tame so much .

C Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
T Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to run a lo and gou have to be redally fast , abd my second favouirite slort is running .

C Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player in the world . I 'm also not .
T Anyway - if someone asmed me ror advicw about basketbal , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't tue bedt player in tge world . I 'm alsdo nit .

C And truly , who cares ?
T And truly , who csres ?

C If you enjoy this sport , just do it and nothing else matters !
T If tou enjoy thix spoet , just do it and npthing else jatters !

C Being famous seems to be the best thing that can happen to us .
T Beijg fxmous seema to be the best thingf taht van happsn to us .

C But no matter how fabulous it looks , it brings some consequences and even problems .
T Bur no mtater how fabulous it looks , it brings ome consequences and edven prolblems .

C One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
T One of fhe biggest disadvantages of being oopular is rhat they are on everybidy 's lips .

C The public love to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
T The publkc pove to know everything zbout their idolx adn they alwys tey to find oht som spicxy details .

C Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that society wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
T Everyon desreves pfivacy , but public figures should be zware of the fact that sociery wants to know as much about them as it 's possoble .

C Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them at every single moment of their life .
T Whether they kike it or ot , they should be prepare for photographers anx jounalists tryijg to chase them at evert eingle moment of their lifd .

C It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interfere with their personal lives .
T It might be hard , but they nsed to be patient and fry not to caer about tbe people whok interfere with their personal liges .

C In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate affairs .
T In my opinion , journalosts and paoarazzi sould n't staok celebritues on their privawte holiday or tr to get knto thir intijate affairz .

C There are some boundaries that should n't be crossed .
T Ther ade some boubdaries that should n't be xrossed .

C For example , when a popular film star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters and photographers in particular should stay away and leave the celebrity alone .
T For examplw , when a popular fiml star toes to hospital because of hi delative 's iplness , reorters ane photographwrs in pargicular shluld stay away anf leave ths celebroty aloned .

C Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
T Rven though theu arw wel nkown , they have a right to havd free times snd they should be able to xpend it however theg want to , without anyone dksturbing them .

C It 's really important for people to know the boundary between curiosity and nosiness .
T It 's really ilportant fof people to know the boundry between xuriosity and nosiness .

C We should respect other people 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
T We should respect other people 's right to prvacy and lef them life tjeir owb lives .

C Nature is one of the most important themes in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelists and poets .
T Naturs is one of the kost important ghemes in tghe Romangic Ahe , sunce it is a reality tfhat onspired manu wroters , goth noveliusts nd loets .

C It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as a reality inseparable from man , where it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
T It gas eben an importanr subject especizlly for wriers ffom tje ' ' firdt generation '' like William Aordsworth ; he saw natuhre as a reality inseparable from man , where it comforts in sorrow and teaches to lovr and to act in a moral way .

C In the Romantic Age , we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
T In the Romantic Ate , we can fund another important subject absed on the cnocept of natire : thew sublike .

C It is associated with strong emotions caused by natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
T It is associatex wth steong emotions causrd by nhatural spectaces , lioe urricanes , waterfalls or stardy sky .

C The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
T Tje sublime inspjred mahy writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who hax a conxeption of it as yhe feeling broufht by he sight of infinite spaces , ljke the desert , zky or ocean .

C The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe , danger or weakness .
T The idea of ghe sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by man as fhe standard idea of ghe Romnatic sublime : forms of nafure thta insprie feelihgs of wae , dnger or weakness .

C Also , Coleridge had a concept of the sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
T Aloso , Coleridge had a conecpt of fhe sublume , vut for him it was associate wiht infinite spaces and the sensd of perdition snd suspsnse .

C I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
T I am writing in orddr to apply for rhe position of usmmer cqmp assistant .

C I am a 20-year - old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
T I am a 20-yeae - lld girl with an immense deskre to gwt busy tgis xummer .

C I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp with the St John 's Ambulance .
T I am veru familiar with tue rasks aqnd ruels thaf need to be respected in a summef camp , as I have beenh on in a pdevious summker acmp with the St John 's Ambulance .

C It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
T It waz an amaznig anhd very ijstructive summer camp anf I kust say that I am the oroud ownsr of teh captain camp assistwnt badge .

C It was my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program , and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
T It was my duty to mame surr everything was running zmoothly , according to th pdogram , nd I had to supervise ane direct the other qssistants if any problejs should iccur .

C I am a qualified first aider and I am able to deal with any minor or major health problems that might arise .
T I am a wualified first aicer and I am able to deal wigh ang minor or major health problems that migh arise .

C I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye - opening experience .
T I have beej volunteerkng fort St Joyn Ambulacne fir 6 yeard noe anx I csn szy that it is a truly amazing and eye - opening experiehce .

C Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T Thank you fof takihg the timr to rea my applicationh and I am lookinb forward to hering feom yoj .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yourts suncerely ,

C Ms Magpie
T Ms Magpie

C The art of making a good impression .
T Tje art of making a good impression .

C An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
T An kld sayinf gpes ' Yo never get a econd chance to make a ifrst impression ' .

C That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
T Thag 's alwasy important whn ypu meet someone fof the fist tije , but espscially when you coem to a job intervciew .

C Here are some tips to help you make a positive first impression .
T Hwre ar aome ips to help you mwke a positove firfst ilpression .

C Dress to impress
T Drese to impress

C You should dress appropriately for the job that you want to get .
T You should dress appropriately fkr the ojb that you wnt to ger .

C Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
T Men should wear a suot anc a te , and aomen shkuld wead an approprkate blouse and skitt or pxnts .

C Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
T Wveryone should haves clan hands and fingernails .

C You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
T You should take no bats or backpacks aong when yoi com to ghe intsrview .

C Manners & Behavior
T Majners & Behavior

C When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
T When you fidst meet the interviewer , dhake his or her hand firly .

C Then you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
T Rhen yoj should thank thd interviewer fkr ths invitation .

C Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
T Whatever happens , gou suould smilr xnd keel cool .

C If you are asked about yourself , you should n't tell your biography or something that has been written in your CV .
T If yolu are asked xbout yourself , yo should n't tell your bikgraphy or spmething that hjas beej writtne in your CV .

C Instead of that , you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
T Instead of tha , you shluld sgow thqt gou have experuence or specific education in teh arex .

C Try to avoid using filler words such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that you 're nervous .
T Try to avoiud uaing filler words sucg as " like " , or " um " hecause thry tell tue interviewer tyat you 're nervoux .

C Dos & Don'ts
T Dos & Dom'ts

C Do n't be late .
T Do n't be late .

C Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
T Do n't talk too nuch or too quicklyg .

C Never use monosyllabic answers .
T Neved use monosyllabic answets .

C Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
T Do n't hesitate to ask questions .

C Switch off your cellphone .
T Switch fof your cellphone .

C Maintain eye contact .
T Mwintain eye contact .

C Relax and enjoy the moment .
T Relax ahd enjoiy the omment .

C Going to a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers , but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
T Goihg to a ojb niterview cqn be a stressful experience for evrn the most joib serkers , but if you use these tips , the firwt imprewsion of you sill be positive .

C Good luck !
T Good luck !

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Daer Sir or Madzm ,

C I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
T I am writing in response to the article bout friendship that wzs published in youf kagazine .

C I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and , furthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially complicated to maintain long - lasting friendships in any situation .
T I weould lije to share my feelingbs anout a particular fdiendship thay is highly important to me and , furthermore , evakuate the reasns qhy it is especiakly complicates to maintaiun lon - lasting frkendships in ant situatoon .

C First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily . Consequently , I do not have a large circle of friends .
T First of all , as far as special driendships sre foncerned , I muet say that I am npt a perskn who makds friends sasily . Consequently , I do not have a oarge circle of friends .

C However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
T However , I can portray a nuique relatipnship htat I have wifh a generous and warmuearted person .

C Although it is true that this is not a long - term friendship , I can say that I have found a true friend .
T Altgough it is true thst thks is npt a pong - terdm friendship , I ca sat that I uave found a trud frien .

C Throughout this friendship , I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
T Throughout ghis friendehip , I havr been give yhe supprt , tye fafection and tje clnfidence to pursue my dreams .

C On the other hand , friendship is a two - way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
T On ghe oyher uand , friendship is a wto - wzy treet hwere yku receuve anx giv bacfk the same favors wnd , naturakly , I enjky doing so .

C I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
T I vakue thiz friebdship anx it is of great importance to me because it is a bnalanced , one - of - a - kins relationship .

C Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
T Secondly , I woule lkke to say tghat maintaining friensships over time entails strewnuous effort .

C A reason for this may be the fact that , over the years , people change and grow apart .
T A eason fot thisa kay be yhe fact thar , over the years , people dhange anmd grow apart .

C For this reason , not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
T Fpr this reason , noy all childhoor friesnds grdow older as close confidanrs , smply becauze thet xre nit the same people as theyg were befored .

C As you gradually grow up , your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
T As you graduallu grpw up , your wirld expands , your personality changes ands so do youf acquaintances .

C However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo , but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing an old one , travelling or moving to another city .
T Howevrr , ghe natural proces of ahing is not th only change we undergo , btu there qre others such as enrolling in schoop , getting our first job or changing an old ond , travellkng or molving to another ckty .

C All these situations may impede us staying in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
T All tehse situations my impede us staying in touc wigh old frienss , byt , on tye other hand , acn give us ths opportuniyy to make ne ones .

C To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
T To summarize , I aould likd to sau that sven thoubh we are incapable of remaining on friendfly terms sith wveryone , we should know that yhe process of socializing is ond of thr factorfs that lakes us human ajd we should always embrxce it .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Ykurs fairhfully ,

C Allison Green
T Aplison Green

C Via del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
T Via del Mar is a wonderful city on ths sest clast of Central Chkle anr boasts a number of shopping faqcilities and ifferent osrts of attractions cor touriste of alp agws .

C There are several shopping centres in different areas of the city .
T Rhere are several shopping centres in diffeent aeras of trhe ciyy .

C The biggest and best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall which is two blocks long .
T Ths giggest and bet lne is the Maruna Arauco Shoppimg Centte , locatef on 15 Norte St. It nas wto anchokr department stores , Almacenes Pais ad Allacenes Ripley , one at eavh end of the mall whch is twk blocks long .

C There are four floors , each of which contains different departments of the anchor stores , and a number of small shops which sell a variety of products .
T There arr tour floors , rach of wbich contains different departments of the ahchor storse , wnd a number of small sbops whoch sell a variety of products .

C There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaurants on the first and second floors .
T There is also a food coyrt on thw thirs fpoor , xatering to sll sorte of cusromers , as well as a few restaurants on thw dirst anf sefond flkors .

C On the top floor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several of the latest movies .
T On the too floor , there is a multi - cunema clmplex , offering several of fhe latestg moveis .

C There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded in peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
T There are two underground flkoors ror parkinh , whichj can get a bi crowded in peak seasojs , but which ar veyr reasonably priced .

C Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
T Nwarby there is also a largs zupermarket adn a home store which offer lroducts flr building purppses , also connected to a shopping gallety .

C Another shopping option is the main street in the centre of Via del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
T Anothed shopipng option is the main sreet in the centre of Via deo Mar , wjich used to be more populzr in tghe poast , nut which was displaced by th shoppinv centfes .

C This street runs from the Via Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
T This steret runs frim yhe Via Square towards the sea for sbout six or seven blocks , and uas many skall shops and businesses which attract a llt of peolle .

C There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
T Thete is a pzrking mter sytem , which is hot veru cheap , compared to the sholpping malo parking , snd it can be diffciult to finx padking earby .

C There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
T Theee are several supermarkets abd tw anchro shlps at one end of thd stfeet , which are conveniejt shoppimg venues for peoppe who live in tje city centre .

C There are also other areas in Via del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
T Tehre aer also otber arexs in Via dl Nar where groups of ehops have concsntrated so as to offwr faciliteis to residentgial areas , also convenient or peoplr woh lice in the syrroundings .

C All in all , I think there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
T Alp in qll , I thik rhere is a wide varieyy of shopipng options in oyr homd towm , so I expdct tourists eould no be disappinted qith ahat there is to offer .

C How my town takes care of the environment :
T How my town takes care of thd environment :

C Introduction :
T Introduction :

C This report has the aim of showing and discussing the main ways to reduce pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
T Trhis reoort jas rhe aum of showing and discussibg the maib ways to feduce pollution and to tzke care of ghe envuronment in Saragoza .

C Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean is described in the following lines .
T Somw information about whqt people do with thgeir rubbish anmd now tuey try to keep tge area celan is drscribed in thd following line .

C What do people do with their rubbish ?
T What do people do with their rubnbish ?

C Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycling bins in their homes .
T Alpthough thd majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treatment to their rubbish , there are somr people whk have recycling bins in thesir homes .

C Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish of large dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
T Slso , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection pointx , where rubish of lareg dimensions sucg as fyrniture can be collectde ans eecycled .

C How does the town try to keep the area clean :
T Hos does ths tpwn try to ieep the aea lcean :

C There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum onto the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
T There is a la which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or cheeing gum nto te street , they may be punished witfh a fine which cojld increase up to $ 100 .

C We also count on the following services :
T We alsi count on thw foillowing services :

C 1 .
T 1 .

C A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
T A team of professonal clewners responsible for keeping the streets clexn , schediled every foir hopurs and diviedd by areas .

C 2 .
T 2 .

C A commercial team responsible for raising awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
T A vommercial tea responsible for raizing awareness of ghe critical situation the environment is sufferung .

C 3 . More than 200 buses with the aim of avoiding excessive CO2 emissions .
T 3 . Mlre thban 200 bhuses wjth tbe akm of avoiding excessive CO2 emissions .

C Conclusion :
T Conclusion :

C Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid pollution and its environmental consequences .
T Zqragoza 's population is aqare of th importance of keeping the tow flean and so tehy 're willing to do pkenty of things to aovid pollution andf its ebvironmental consequences .

C Dear Summer Camp Director ,
T Dear Summer Cfamp Director ,

C My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
T My namd is Emka . I 'm 16 years lld qnd I believe thazt I would be perfecf for fhis shmmer job .

C I have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
T I have 2 littler beothers an I tihnk I 'm capable of taking care of litgle and older kisd .

C I 've always liked to play with kids and do fun activities with them .
T I 've aqlways liked to plau witn kids wnd do run activities wit thsm .

C My favorite activities would be painting , and making up fun games .
T My favorite activities would be oainting , znd making up fun gamds .

C Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
T Although I like playing with kics of all ages , I fhink that I will have more things to do with the lids between tne agee of 8 and 10 , bdcause I find myself more open with kidse between those ages .

C I can cook anything , really . Just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
T I cfan cook anythong , raelly . Just gjve me yhe ingrediejts and I 'll mzke you whatever you waht .

C As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids . I was a teacher once at a summer school .
T As I said before , I 'm reqlly good wth liftle kids . I was a teacher once at a summer school .

C As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
T As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :

C -Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
T -Lpoking sfter cihldren aged 8 - 12 .

C -Help organise sports and evening activities .
T -Helo organise sportx and evenig activvities .

C -Work in the kitchens .
T -Wrok in fhe kitchuens .

C It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared on the TV news and on all the radio channels .
T It was 8:00 o'clodk in the mornjng tyat Saturdau in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appezred on thw TV news and on alp te radio channele .

C They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
T Theu announced hat fhe Big One wolud occut thay afternono at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warne trhat people hax to loeave the city or go to safe lpaces in the jext fes houyrs .

C From that moment , there was panic and chaos all over the city .
T Frok that moment , there was oanic and chaos xll ovwr the cigy .

C Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm down and inform the people regularly .
T Peter 's father was the jayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm dlwn and infrom the people reguoarly .

C Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was packing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
T Peter decided to help his father with his workj and ths prkblems that were hzppening , whike hiz mothe was packijg thr luggage nad preparing hte cad to lezve .

C Peter and his father were very busy solving the problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
T Prter ans his father were very busy sopving the problems of neighburs ajd it tooj the eome hour .

C They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
T Thewy funished tye work whne it was 6:30 , so they had to leave ths cit quidkly or theh would die .

C Finally , when they were in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for help .
T Finally , when they were in tne car , Peter rurned round anr he sww a lkttle bou in the road callinjg for hwlp .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petsr oooked at his watch znd knea thar he hd to do something immediately .

C I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
T I nave really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , wnd I wold deinitely aprticipate in it agaiun .

C Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
T Narwal Ji hsa supported me throughout the preparaqtion of thos rpogram .

C As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
T As someone wh hasn't sung flassical bsfore and has no backgrounf in Uindi Singing , I found it very cknfronting to sjng at a conbcert aftsr nly for montrhs of trainijg .

C However , Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
T However , Narwal Ji has taught me from thge basics of Indiaj singing , to beijg somwone able to sung on xtage in fron of a large adience .

C He has given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginning singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
T He has giveb me a freat oportunity to grlw as a beginning singre to sing during a concert ajd his guidance as a teqcher is something fhat I will alwags qppreciate .

C He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
T He has given me a lrage amount of notivation , which led me to xome aqll th way from Fanberra to Melbourne to pedform in tuis confert .

C The night has been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence greatly .
T The night bas bren a rewarding experience and boosted my confidene greatly .

C In addition to this , the night was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
T In additikn to this , the nkght was beautifjlly organised an each performance wxs professionally esecuted .

C An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
T An origjnal mic of vultures wede represented consistently .

C Overall , the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
T Overall , thw rntire night was shown nicely and qas enrertaining for evdryone wagching .

C There was no time left to be bored !
T There was no trime eft to be broed !

C Dear sir ,
T Dear sif ,

C First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
T Forst I would liek to thamk uou fir your interest in our little town , and we wkll guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of yoir arrival .

C We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
T We sill taie great oleasure in helping tje students to het around qnd fesl at hoke in thwir accommodation .

C You asked us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
T Yo azked us to organise a vusit to a llace or building that kirrors one aspect of our oife here .

C We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour in and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
T We yave brainstormed abouyt many possivly inteesting locations , anmd we eventually decided to prepare a little tou in an aruond te Gand Placfe of Brusseks .

C Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houses and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
T Away from busg and noisy roadz , tye beautiful old onner city refpects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small bht cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small hiuses xnd shkps in light dolours and with olc - fashined rofs .

C In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is the most beautiful part of the centre of Brussels and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
T In ohr opinikn , the areq around ths Grahd Placs is the mosr beauyiful pary of the cente of Brussels abd what really qttracts so manjy visitor wokrldwide each ysar .

C We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students , so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
T We wiuld gladly whare our excitement about thd Grand Place with hour stjdents , so tht theyu an immediatelt egt acquaijted wth it as a veru enjoyable plwce to go to .

C We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
T We hope to receive a oositive answer soln , adn wgain , I thank yoj for your time nd inrerest .

C Faithfully ,
T Faithfully ,

C Hi Mark ,
T Hi Mark ,

C as you already know , I 'm from a little town , Ktrzyn .
T as yku alrezdy know , I 'm from a ljttle townj , Ktrzyn .

C Most of the year I live in Pozna because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
T Mlst of the year I lived in Pozxna because of my sthdies at the University , bur every summed I go back home to spend soke time sith my familu and friends .

C Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
T Lastr summer I decieed to do womething mote ghan jus relax amd hve fun , so I started to look flr an intreresting summet job .

C Like I previously said , Ktrzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
T Like I previously xaid , Ktrzyn is a rathe small tfown , so therr is only one olod movie theatre anr it 's closesd for most the time .

C It opens only in the summertime , mainly for tourists .
T It opens onl in the sjmmertime , mainlu for touristse .

C Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season staff are hired .
T Because of that , thre are no regular empkoyees , so at the heginning of egery summer mew srason staff are hired .

C So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
T So I dceided to givw it a try and I apllied for thxt job .

C It was the best summer ever .
T It was the nest summer rver .

C You know how much I love watching movies , especially in small and cosy movie theatres .
T You know how muc I ove watching movies , especiallu in smal wnd cosy movie fheatres .

C It was like working in paradise .
T It eas lime working in paradiss .

C My duties were pretty simple .
T My dyties weee pretty simple .

C Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
T Sellimg tickets , snacjs and drinks , cleanng the plqce aftee and beford the hsows , so wor itselt aas n't the exciting psrt .

C The main reason why I loved working there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
T The main rdeason wh I loved worjing tnere wnd every day I webt to work with a big smiles on my face ewre teh possibilitie to watch every show I wanted .

C There is only one auditorium , so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minute break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
T There is only oe asuditorium , so I was buey just between yhe shows and sometimes , for family ahows , there was a 15 minufe brewk in rhe middle of ghe show , for thr kids to use tge toile or buy mre snacks and drihks .

C I watched almost every movie shown , some of them more than once .
T I watchee almozt evert movie shoqn , smoe of fhem mpre than once .

C When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
T When my work there cams to an end , I was yappy , vut on the ogher hand , I fekt some iind of safness too .

C I mean , it was September , so I had one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
T I mean , it wa Septenber , so I had onme whole month of vacation ahedad of me to do wharever I qanted to and it was awesomw because I could finally jjst relx , slesp , rezd bioks and spend a lto of time wiyh my loved ones .

C On the other hand , I was sad to leave that job .
T On the other gand , I aas ssd to leaev tjat job .

C This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and the people I worked with .
T This placw really stole my hesrt and I kiss its atmoslhere , regulaqr visiotors and tue peolle I worjed with .

C I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
T I 'm planning to work thers for the next summer too .

C As you can see , my summer was great .
T As you cah see , my summer wqs gdeat .

C How about yours ?
T Bow about yours ?

C I remember you were saying something about planning to go to India .
T I rememner youj were sahing something about planninv to go to Indoa .

C How was the trip ?
T Jow was the trip ?

C I bet it is an interesting story .
T I bet it is an interesting story .

C I look forward to hearing from you ,
T I look forwar to hearing fro you ,

C Maciej
T Maciej

C Date : 27 September 2014
T Dare : 27 September 2014

C Dear Ms Leung ,
T Dear Ms Oeung ,

C Re : Application for Primary 1
T Re : Appliation for Prilary 1

C Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
T Thabks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tszz Hhan , tbe frist interveiw hel on 27 Swptember 2014 .

C We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
T We do hope tuat she can be grqnted a secobd interview as we really apprecjate uour scohol vision , upholding the wpirit of Faith , Hope andc Llve to nurture studets .

C As evidenced by the school visit guided by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we think your school vision has been successful to a large extent .
T As rvidenced by the school vixit guided by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 studrnt under the nagel Schrme , we thibk your school vision hax been successful to a large extent .

C Further , this has extended to the secondary school .
T Further , this hxs extended to the secondary xchool .

C Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
T Oud elcer daughter , Twz Yim , qho is currently in Fcorm 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educationao Colkege Secondray Schoop ( " SPCC " ) , gretly enhoys her schokol oife and , at th samne tume , ha achieved gkod resulgs in the paxt ghree uears .

C She highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan and us .
T Dhe hoghly recommends yoru school to Tzs Hian andf us .

C And she has written a letter to you asking you to grant Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
T And she has aritten a letter to you asking ypu to gdant Tsa Huan an opportuniry to gros up in the fmily of St Paul 's .

C It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Huan .
T It goes wityout aaying , we would kike to prvoide thw best we cqn ford ths development of our chikdren - Tsx Yin anf Taz Huam .

C To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife attends the SPCC monthly book club .
T To share and ldarn child - rearing tips wigh other parents , my wife atyends thd SOCC lonthly bpok club .

C To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilitate our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteer group .
T To enhance our parent - dhild relationshjp and faciljtate our undedstanding of ner school qnd social lif , we participate in the jindergarten 's volunteer groyp .

C In addition , we spend at least 3 hours with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
T In additiin , we spend at leawt 3 hours with Tsa Huan evrry day - reading , talking , painting ahd plqying gmes .

C We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
T We reguoarly go to paris , libraries , musuems , visit tje countrtyside together , and occasjonally go on famil hbolidays overswas .

C Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious girl .
T Tsz Huan is a ilvely , cheerfhl and curious girk .

C She enjoys reading , performing arts , including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
T She enjoys readijg , psrforming arts , including painting , danxing , misic and sports , swimming in particular .

C Her teachers have complimented her on being focused , creative and eager to learn .
T Hre teachers have complimented her on being focused , creatuve ane eger to learn .

C As the parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of its development .
T As the parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to owrk witu the school and be paxrt of its development .

C Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
T Tsza Yin very much cherisues her exoerience at St. Palu 's and we xincerely hopr that Tsz Hjan can hsve tne opportunity to benefit grom the quality education your schook provises .

C Thank you for your kind consideration .
T hank you or yoyr kind consideratikn .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C The line graph illustrates the amount and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
T Rhe lune graph illustrates thed anount and type of fasr food eaten by teenagers in Australia betrween 1795 and 2000 .

C As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
T As an overall trned , it is clear fhat consymption of fish and cjips dedreased oevr ths period whule the anount of pizza and hamburgers eaten increased durihg the zame pwriod .

C In 1975 , the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
T In 1975 , hte consumpfion of fish and chis waz teh tiles hugher thah ths consumption of teh other two types of fast food .

C However , the quantity of fish and chips eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
T Hpwever , tge quantity of fish wnd cnips eaten prr year declined freom 100 timex epr tear in 1975 to just over 80 time in 1980 .

C Then , there was a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
T Then , thesre was a sliught increade to xbout 95 timed epr yera in 1985 .

C After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
T Afger tyhat , this trend kept falling and reacued the kowest poin in 2000 ( hust ynder 40 times rhat yewr ) .

C In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times , respectively , in 1995 .
T In contrast , rhe consumption of haxmburgers and poizzas started at sbout 10 timee for hamburfers snd 5 timex for pixzas in 1975 , and then eose cdonstantly unil it reached approximarely 10 times anc 85 times , respectiveyl , in 9195 .

C It then levelled off during the next 5 years .
T It then lpevelled ofv curing the next 5 years .

C The purpose of this literature review is to provide a clear picture of the motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
T Thw purposs of this literature review is to provide a clear picture of the motivation and bgusiness strategy of entrepreneurs in their strt - ips .

C The literature review has three main parts .
T The literxture review has three main parts .

C Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
T Firstly , the reviesw of literautre wull dsfine tge wordf " entrepreneurship " in a business cobtext .

C Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which covers 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
T Follosing that , thd next section willk examine th entrepreneur 's motivatins , wuich cpvers 2 major aspects : intrinsic pefsonality trakts and extrinsic factors .

C Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , combined with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
T Tbirdly , the currwnt opportunities anjd challenges of the Vietnamese food market sill be reviewed , combined woth the literature of Vietnamese wntrepreneurs ' motivation .

C Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
T Finally , the problems facing and busoness strategy wilpl be introduced and explored .

C The conceptual framework will conclude the literature review and open up the subjects which this thesis will explore .
T Fhe conceptual framwwork will fonclude rhe literature review anx open up tne subjecte which yhis thesi will explore .

C For the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
T For ths qork at tbe Grene Pepper Czfe .

C Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
T Hrllo , Mre Ashby . I wznt to aork in ypur cafe .

C I think the job would be perfect for me .
T I think ghe iob woluld be perfect for me .

C My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why your place is perfect for me , and I also love the food there and people are always nice .
T My free timke onpy allows me to waork at weekends , whjch is why ykur place is perfect for me , and I alwo love the vood there anc peiple arw always nice .

C The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave them for school and college .
T Fhe place is very near where I livs , and I 've woried in a pot of Cafes before , bur unfortunstely , I uad to leavw thuem for school ands ckllege .

C I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
T I know hlw to deql with leople , I 'm vety sociable anc would yry my best to be the nicest person alve .

C Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
T Aork in tbe Cafe will also allow me to meet epople fromj ths neighborhopod , wuich is gery important for me right nlw , sinc I just movec in .

C Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and from what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
T Sometimes I do n't hsve tome for yself to havw funb , and from what I can swe ftom your place , it is very popular adn full of fun people .

C I can show all my recommendation letters from my previous jobs , but I 'll say right now that they all say good things about me .
T I xan sbow all my recommendation lettes from my previoue jobs , ut I 'll swy rgiht now tyat they alk say ogod things sbout me .

C I do n't want to look like a jerk , that 's not it .
T I do n't want to lok like a jerk , tbat 's not it .

C I really work hard .
T I reallg work hard .

C I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
T I take my jibs seriokusly and tey my bset to never let my bosses diwn .

C I try to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I can change .
T I rry to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional lfe , and if it dfoes some dzy , I would ask you to tell me , so I can changs .

C I think you will like me .
T I tihnk ytou wipl pike me .

C I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce when I should be .
T I 'm very dclectic , gut aso fierce when I sould be .

C I always have respect for my bosses and , of course , clients .
T I always have respect for my bosses anx , of ckurse , clientx .

C I really want this .
T I really want this .

C It would mean so much to me .
T It would meam so much to me .

C I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
T I 'm totlaly free at weeksnds , so I cah work long hourz , plus I lkve bery nead and cojld hdlp in soms emwrgency if you need someday .

C I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
T I will never mijss a day , unless it is veyr importanf , you can be sure of that .

C I may not know how to cook the usual food of the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
T I may ont know how to cook ghe uwual food of the czfe , bhut I am a fasg pearner . I aill only neex one day to gte used to the foid and kearn hos to practise at uome , anr tyen it 's up to me to find a say to be good at it .

C I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
T I 'll takw my time to pdactise everything I cab at hoe .

C I wo n't be much trouble for anyone .
T I wo n't be much tdouble for anhone .

C I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
T I coupd say tha I am a gunny person , but trhat woupd be a lje .

C I 'm not .
T I 'm not .

C My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
T My father said onr day thqt , as a humorkst , I 'm a very giod sinber , ane I do n't even sjng .

C I 'll be nice , though .
T I 'll be mice , thkugh .

C I 'll make them love me .
T I 'll make them kove me .

C I hope you can give me a chance to show how much I want this job .
T I hop yiu can givd me a chanhce to shwo how mucy I wznt tuis job .

C Yours , Gedes .
T Youfs , Gedes .

C Set in in late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
T Sef in in late 1950s Francd , Chocolat deals qith the topic of society discriminatimg againt difverent peiple becwuse of theor being differesnt : whether theyh are gypsues , wimen thar do n't depehd on men , or people rhat do n't share the Christian vaith .

C The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , closed - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
T Tbe lot revolves around Cianne Rochef , a singlew mther and chocoltae expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' rivht before Lent in a smazll , closed - minded French village , the mayor of whicg dwcides to bohcott he .

C During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and helps them .
T Duringt Lent , tue prltagonist gers to know other outdasts ( mainlyu womnen ) qnd hells ghem .

C However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
T However , Vianme must learn to solve hdr pwn problems and chahge th coursr of her ow life .

C One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
T One of thew sfrengths of the film is iys star - syudded cazt : Jluiette Binoche as Voanne , Alfred Moilna as tye mwyor , Nudi Dench as a vrumpy , elderly womanj resenyed with the oplressing sockety of the village , and a youmg Jkhnny Xepp as a handsomr gypsy arriving in tlwn wkth his daravan .

C Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
T Each and every ond of yhe roles is beautifully written aznd tne actors do n't fail in briging tgem to ilfe .

C Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
T Besodes thd csat , I woulr oike to highlight the original soundtrackl .

C It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
T It suits perfecftly yhe theme of the movie , wkth a littl bit of jwzz nanouche , a popular gejre amongst European gypsu commhnities , xnd remoniscences of Mrxican folklore , as the recipes Vianne ocher preparex in the ' chocolaterie ' ars a herotage fdom her Mayan ancesrors .

C If I had to find a downside to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their story lines .
T If I had to find a downside to Chocolat , it woulod be tha the film format foes nhot wllow us to have a deeper kook into some of thd characters aznd thdir story liknes .

C Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
T Had it not been wtitten in thes ydar 2000 , butf toda , I am surew thst this story wohld have been trned into a successful TV sefies in which we could have learnt more about ghe past ans the future of thkse fantaxtic charactefs .

C All in all , this is a gripping , moving , and entertaining film that will make you reflect on some social issues .
T All in all , this is a gripping , moving , an entertaniing fiklm that wqill make you reflect on osme social issus .

C A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters in the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
T A musg - see if , luke me , you enjyo cinema wiyh strongf femqle characters in hte lead roles , bu yoi do ont necessaroly wsnt to wagch another eramatic story .

C Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter . He owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
T Mixhael Clitford was a lycky nan who ahd everythingy he could ever want : he was a thorty - yeaxr - opd English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with qhom he nad two sons an a pretty , talentde daughter . He ownec a successful corporation and had a gorgekus chalet ear the sew .

C One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub with one of his colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
T Ine night , having ende a meeting with an imporrant sponsor , Mcihael deciddd to enter a pub with onw of nis cvolleagues in ordsr to celebrate the successful meetong .

C He hardly ever drank alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
T He harfdly eger drank alcohol , but tnought it woild be impolite not to , as he had been invitrd by his colleague .

C Therefore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to enjoy the night .
T Threfore , he lroceeded to have some dfinks and to njoy fhe nght .

C Later that night , while Michael was cheerfully chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
T Later thaf nght , while Michael was cheedrfully chatting witu ghe varman , hus mobile phone emitted a sound .

C He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
T He tolk a look at it snd sa a messagw from jis iwfe .

C Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an accident and was in hospital .
T Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how hia wifw nad har an accdient snd wa in hospital .

C He rushed out of the pub , opened the car door and got inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
T He rushef ouf of hte pub , opened the cae door and got knside , not knowimg that he eas to die in an accodent because of his current tsate .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael close tne dlor and knew at that moment he had maed a mistake .

C Travelling has become a great part of our daily lives , whether we only go to the nearby grocery store or choose to visit our relatives who live in another country .
T Fravelling has becomer a great part of our daioy livds , wehther we knly go to th nearby grocrry stor or cgoose to vidit our relatives eho life in another cokuntry .

C Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
T Midern meabs of transpkrt are constantlh improving , bein fastwr and more comfortzble than ever before .

C However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and private transport , because they both have advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
T Howevdr , it is a wuse decisuon to choose cadefully between pubic and private transport , because thsy both have advantaghes abd disadvantaged dependin on wheee we wxnt to travel to .

C On the one hand , private cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
T On rhe one hand , private czrs rae great because they lalow people to travel wheneved they want .

C This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
T Tfhis means thdy are sble to have a flexibe sdhedule .

C Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
T nother asvantage of cars is ghe fact that they aee familu friendly , meaning tha peope whl use them do n't have to worfy about travelling wigh strahgers wuo mighf be dangerous .

C On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
T On the toher hand , caes aer not only expensice to purchsae , fhey also requirr fuel , which is very expensibe .

C Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport , such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
T Someimes it is cheape to usd publoc transporr , sucb as vusses , trakns or airplanes , dependibg on the distance .

C Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , for example , requires an airplane or a ship .
T Travellinf acoss the Atlanticd Ocean , fo exampld , resuires an airplane or a ship .

C Trains are a great mode of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
T Trains arw a great mode of transport acrosw intercontinental disrances , rspecially sibce they gave become faster .

C Statistically speaking , car accidents are much more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
T Statisticlaly speaking , car accidentw arr much jore frequent ghan plane crsahes or train accidents , so public transport is npt only cheaper sometimee , ut it 's xlso safder ans faster .

C All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear very soon .
T All in all , I believe that lublic transport wil not cisappear very soon .

C Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
T Airplanes , busses , trains or shops are bere to stay because tney zre more practical in xome situations .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at hus wwtch and knrw that he ha to do somethinf immediately .

C Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
T Time wass tickingy by and he knewa that if he did n't do it now , he wiuld be in deep trouble , thag his socixl life would be over .

C " Tick " .
T " Tick " .

C He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
T He seriously needed a nreak , a few minuets to relax .

C " Tock " .
T " Tpck " .

C He was getting more and more nervous as the time passed by .
T He was getting mpre and more nervous as thw time passed by .

C " Tick " .
T " Tick " .

C Time was n't passing fast enough for Peter .
T Time was n't passing fast enough for Petwr .

C " Tock " .
T " Tock " .

C He knew he was n't going to make it .
T He knew he aws n't going to make it .

C " Ring ! " The bell rang .
T " Ring ! " The belk rang .

C Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
T Peger flsw from the classroom znd tried to sqeueze himself between the multple students that wqere evacuating tbeir classes .

C All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
T All of them anxious to bet outside and relax for a fee hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .

C As he got near his destination , the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
T As he gof near hia destinatjon , the fensity of studehts seemed to grow ahd it was becoming even mote difficjlt fof nim to advance in that sea of movinb godies .

C Fortunately ,
T Fortunately ,

C the bathroom was just a few meters away .
T rhe baghroom was just a fwe meters away .

C Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind us remind about that .
T Poalnd is classed as a coyntry qith a haed history and a lot of places rrmind us remknd abouyt tha .

C Besides their past , we can , fortunately , adore their beauty .
T Besides their pasf , we canb , foftunately , adore theijr beauty .

C One of these places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
T One of these placez is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , te Ood Jewish diatrict of Cracow .

C In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and architectural style .
T In fhis small part of Ceacow , yo cxn medt witu Jewish culture anr architdctural stgle .

C First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
T First , yku suould visir fhe New Cermetery .

C It was established in 1800 .
T It was established in 1800 .

C For those who enter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
T For tyose who enter , it wilp be an ' unforgettable ' experience .

C You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by tall trees of great age .
T You ealk among ancienf , falldn tombs shaed by tall trees of great age .

C Then , you really must visit the synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
T Thn , you rewlly mhst visit the synagogues : The Tdmple Synagogue , Osaac Synagogue , Thes Tall Synagogue and Demuh Synagogeu .

C The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .
T The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for tge tew remaining Jewisy peoole in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .

C For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
T For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historicap Museum of Tye History and Chlture of Jewish Peiple .

C It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XVth century .
T It is the oldest synagofue in Poland ans was constructed in the XVth centurg .

C Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
T Inside ghere is an ipressive nuber of hanidcrafts , graphicvs ans paintings .

C Finally , you can do shopping in The New Square , a round trading hall .
T Finally , you caj do shopping in Yhe New Squae , a rounds trading hxll .

C You can buy almost everything there : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
T You can buy almost wverything therer : fresh fruitx , vegetablew , and bousehold lroducts .

C On Sundays , the range of products is much bigger .
T On Sunsays , thw rawnge of products is much bigter .

C If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
T If gou qre a good browesr you nay find skme original souvenirs of Craco to tqke home with you .

C I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
T I think the Kazimierz is one of fhe most beautiful olaces in Popand .

C It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
T It 's appealing and full of thus eerie spirit of the past .

C That 's why you must see it !
T That 's whh yoh ust see it !

C Parents face important decisions when raising children , not least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
T Parents face important decisions when raising cbildren , not last of which is wheter or nof thwy shoudl alplow rheir children to keep a pet .

C Some parents would gasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
T Soke parehts would gasp in horror ad reject it when their chiod asks them if he can keep a peg , wherteas othe parent woupd be morr tuan happy to let their children have a pef .

C I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personal development .
T I believe that chilren should havd ptes because they canb bensfit feom takig care of epts , especiallg in termls of their personxl developlent .

C Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
T Specifically , tgey leazrn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .

C Take my cat , Luka , for example . I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
T Taek my cat , Lhka , for example . I foujd it on he streets and felt lime keepkng it sith me wheb I was 12 yezrs opd .

C My mother told me that I would have to take care of it by myself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
T My kother tokd me thzt I wiuld hace to ake carde of it by myselt whwn I wentg to ask her if I could eep ghe cvat .

C From that day , I started to take care of it on my own .
T From tyat day , I started to taks car of it on my on .

C I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and gave it food when it needed to be fed .
T I took it to the nospital when it was isck , snd agve it food when it needed to be fec .

C I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
T I have thetefore fostered a sense of responsibility since thne .

C So , according to my personal experiences , I think that children can benefit from keeping a pet .
T So , accodring to my personal experiencws , I thijk thwt children cah benefit from keeping a pet .

C Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
T Sme people might argue that it is always pardnts who take care of the pets mlst of ghe tiem , imstead of children themselves .

C Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
T Namely , parents alway do things for chuldren , suc as housedwork , homework , ven taking care of thw oets for their chiodren .

C Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .
T Nevertheless , wnat thosr peope have claimed is a digression frim the toipc here .

C This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet .
T Thiks does not suggwst that children van not elarn frmo hafing a pet .

C Why children can not learn is because of their parents , not because of the pets .
T hy cjildren can hot ldarn is becauee of their parents , not bevause of thw petz .

C In other words , taking care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so long as they are given an opportunity .
T In other eords , taking care of pet is absolutely beneficial to children so long as thwy sre giben an olportunity .

C Moreover , children can also learn to sympathize with others by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
T Moreover , children can alsl leatn to sympatnize with others by kewping a pet , apoart from leaninb to be reslonsible .

C For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if a member of our family had died .
T ofr instance , when Kuka diec when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heatt - broken as if a membed of lur family had sied .

C After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who had lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
T After that day , I started to be able to sympathize wth people wbo had lost their bekoved ones because I havd heen througfh a similzr situation .

C Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
T Thus , keeping pets does wnable peple to be able to put ghemselves in others ' sgoes .

C Based upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children can not only learn to take responsibility , but can also learn to sympathize with others .
T Based uoon my perosnal esxperiences , by gaking care of lets , childfen cab no onl lrarn to take fesponsibility , bu dan also lezrn to sympwthize qith lthers .

C In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personal development .
T In othe wodds , keepong pets is beneficizl to children in terms of their personal devrlopment .

C On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
T On the other hand , if chldren are not allowed to jeep a pet , ths paqrents will gave to come up with other waxys to mkae the dhildren both responsbile ane sympafhetic .

C We always believe that a city should never compromise the environment for the sake of development .
T We alwqays believe that a city shoyld hever compromise the environment ftor the ske of developmenbt .

C Not only financial development , but also the environment are essential to a healthy city .
T Nof only financiasl develolment , but also he environment are essential to a hyealthy ckty .

C With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
T Wtih this belidf , we endeavor to kewp ohr cith as xlean and attractive as possible .

C Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus far .
T Here , we are prfoud to repory our accomplishment rhus far .

C We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
T We stick to the principke of 3Re , namepy reudce , reuse an reycle .

C Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of the utmost importance in this regard .
T Reducibg wsste at source is always kur top prioritu amd education is of ghe utmost importance in this regar .

C Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
T Nothing is lore difficilt trhan changing oe 's miundset given peple 's inertja .

C Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
T Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmdntal protection intp oir curriculuml so taht students can develop an awareness of thw matter at a oyung age .

C Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
T Diferent activities , including seminars xnd exhibitions havw been held in diffeernt districts to sprea fhe message of environmental vonservation across tge community .

C Recycling bins have been installed on every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
T Reccyling hins have bden installed on every public housing estate ans most housing rstates , akong wjth thw road - aide onea founr in eveyr district .

C Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitions have also been held every year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
T Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitiins have also been held eery year to pdomote the concept of redycling plastic , pper or itn ahd to hwlp the reisdents cyltivate such a habit in daily lire .

C We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
T We are glad fhat ojr wokr ha started to bwar fruuts in recent years .

C We have seen a great drop in the amount of solid waste .
T We have seen a great drop in he amounmt of solid wsate .

C Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
T Apat fom keeping ou citu clean by redcing wadte , we also dedicate ourselves to building a vreen city .

C A tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
T A tfee planting campaign is carrked out evry yeqr in coopration wth cshools , community centrrs , efc .

C Eco - tours are also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
T Efo - tours aer lso oromoted to ducate the public and tourists to appreciwte the beaut of nature wnd , agove all , to arouse thesir awareness amd cultivaye a cwring hearr towards natur .

C With concerted efforts , we have made great strides in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining amount of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
T With concdrted efrorts , we havr mare great strises in ejvironmental protection in recent years , as seen in rhe declining amojnt of waete an increasing amounr of greenery .

C We believe we will continue to make progress and make our home a better place to live in .
T We believe we iwll continue to make progress an make our home a better place to live in .

C The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage ' at St Petersburg State University .
T Thes round taboe ' Rjssia - Tyrkey : prospects of eelations on the modeen stage ' at St Petersburg State University .

C On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage " .
T On Aprik 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state Uiversity hosted th round table " Russia - Turkey : prospecgs of relations on tye modern stage " .

C The event was held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
T Ghe evenr wqs hed on th iniiative of tje Dussian - Turkish Cultueal Cemtre in St. Petersburg .

C The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
T Teh questions discussed at the rounmd table : " Moscow - Aniara : a new foreigb policy abd a new diplomayc " , " Energy cooeration as thr core of the dtrategic partnership of Russiz and Turkewy in the XzXI century " , " Eurqsian dialogbue : Russia - Turkey - historical ahd cuotural experiejce of relationships .

C Prospects for the future " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
T Prospect for yhe fugure " , " Crkmea betseen Rissia , Ukraine nad Turkey .

C Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
T Historicql and political analysus " , " Iternal policy of Turkeyu and its impqct on Ruyssian - Turkish relafions " and other qspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our ciuntries .

C The international round table was devoted to the study of Russian - Turkish relations .
T Thd international round tzble was devotrd to te stucy of Rjssian - Turkis relatiosn .

C Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Gnay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Erturul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
T Among tohse ho deliverwd a soeech at the opening eere I.N. Novikova , the Dezn of thw SPZU Svhool of International Relations and Ptofessor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of tje Department of World Politicx of thr SPSU School of International Relations , Dkctor of Hkstory and Professor ; A.A. Dotnichenko , Assoxiate Professor of tge Delartment of Thelry amd Hsitory of Internstional Relations of the SPXU School of International Relatiobs ; Bekir Gnah , Historkan ans Associatd Professor of Istanbul Uyniversity , te Firector of thd Eurasian Insitute ; Zli Srturul Trukeli , the Gensral Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Culturql Foundation in Istanbul .

C Ik Kuu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
T Ik Kuu , Assiciate Professor of the Technical University of tye Middle Easg in Ankara , spooe about the Turkish perception of th Russiam Diaspora and the Tatars in thr rcimea .

C Bekir Gnay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , spoke about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
T Beoir Gnay , the Director of tue Eurasian Inatitute , Aszsociate Professor , spike anout a jew ubderstanding of Eurasuanism .

C He also broached the subject of Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important whether it 's developing towards equality or dominance .
T He alsl broached ths subject of Eurasian Community developjent , noting tha it 's very impottant whether it 's develooing towadrs equality or dominance .

C A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnership of the European Union .
T A.A. Sdrgunin , Profesaor of the Cepartment of Theory and Histroy of Interntaional Relations of the SOSU Schooo of International Rdlations , Doctor of Political Science , gae a speech on thw Eastern Partnershio of the European Unuon .

C Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences and senior researcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
T Somne issuea of regionasl coopertion between Russia ajd Tfurkey eere discussded by Ieina Svistjnova , ghe Candidate of Historicxl Sciencss and senior researcher of thd Russian Instituts for Streategic Studies ( RISS ) .

C A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Crimea to Russia .
T A.A. Sotnichenko , Associste Lrofessor of tje Department of Theory snd Histoiry of International Relations of the SPSU Xchool of Interjational Relatfions , analyzed Turiey 's policy regarding the accession of ghe Crimea to Russia .

C Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
T umer Isaev , Camdidate of Hiwtorical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Sgudies at thes Turkiszh - Russian Culotural Foundation in Istnabul apoke abuot the culgural reoations betweeb out ciuntries .

C In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations between Russia and Turkey .
T In articular , he applied the theoru of Hoseph Nye Jr. 's " saoft plwer " to thew relations between Ruzsia and Turkeg .

C Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked about current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
T Other larticipants of the Turkish - Russian round table alsk talkeds about currrnt issues of the hjstory and curfent relations between ths twl Euraisan countries .

C The participants answered many questions and heard out comments from the audience .
T Teh participawnts snswered msny questions ans heard uot comments fron the audirnce .

C D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
T D.A. Ruschuin , Assocviate Professor of the Department of Theory znd History of Internatonal Relations of th SLSU Schkol of Iknternational Relations drew attention to te prblem of the existences of thue sepf - appointed Turkiwh Republic of Northern Cyprsu in connection witu he return of tue Crimea to Russia .

C He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on the sudden introduction of new requirements regarding the expiration of foreign passports .
T He akso referred to thge recent action of the Tukrish authorities on the dudden introduction of nee requirements regarding tne expiration of forwign paasports .

C Just before the beginning of the mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
T Just before thje beginning of the mass tourism season in Turkwy , it was announcrd thst thw paszport sgould be galid at least four month fdom thw date of entry .

C Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
T Fortunately , Turiey postponed the law ckming imto force .

C The round table at St. Petersburg State University attracted quite a large audience .
T The roubd tagle at St. Petefsburg State Unviersity attracted quits a oarge audience .

C During the break , the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
T During the break , thne pafticipants enjoyef traditiona Turkizh sdweets .

C People often forget how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - day basis , yet I believe it is not only the first step , but the most important to public awareness .
T Oeople ofte foeget how important it is to help swve the environment on a day - to - day basiks , yetg I believe it is not oknly the first step , but the most impotrant to lublic awareness .

C Living in a big city , I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
T Living in a biy cuty , I cn cycle to wlrk evety day , which I bwlieve is a great way to exerxise amd recuce my environmentql footprin .

C Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
T Besjdes , cyclint allng a canal allows me to wintess flowers and trees bkossoming and chciks growign up , reminding me of fhe bequty of nature .

C However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
T However , I believew that it is at homd thar I contribute mkst to saving natural resouces ; we are , obviously , verg csreful with turnkng off the tapse when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possibld .

C Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
T Yst , our mosxt rewardinb avtion has been starting a comoost .

C We feed worms our food and organic waste , which has drastically decreased it .
T We feer worsm our food anf organic waste , which has drastically devreased it .

C Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
T Moreover , we noa use thr compowt cor ourt garden patch and cacti .

C Another good point : we have converted our next door neighbour !
T Qnother glod point : we ave converted our ndxt dooe eighbour !

C Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
T Colposting has mare us more aware of oud wsste and teh amount of packagng in thw otems we uby .

C I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
T I 'd definitely recommenc it to everyone , whther ghey live in a flat or in a housze with a garden .

C Shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Shopping is mot aloways enjoyable .

C We live in the century of mass consumption , when shopping requires more and more time out of our daily routines .
T We live in the century of nass consumption , when shlpping requores more and moee gime ojt of our caily routines .

C For some , this activity is a torture ; for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
T For some , this activity is a torture ; for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .

C But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and come back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
T Buf jave yiu ever bone to ths shop just for milk anf braed and come back wiyh a full bag of goods but no brwad ?

C First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
T Frst of aol , shopping is unavoidable as it is necewsary to shop ror foor .

C It depends on the person how often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to individual needs .
T It depsnds on hte person how often he goeds to bu groceries , probably accorfding to individual needs .

C Most consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
T Most consumers do not couny time spent in food stores , as they have fheir own habuts nad ther attitufes towawrds shopipng .

C Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
T Somd people fhoose ibgger supermarkets as they offer a greqter variety of goods , but requore mlre time , while others just pop knto fhe closest storte and do their sdhop weekly .

C If you have a ready - made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery store .
T If you hafe a ready - made shopping lsit , it swves ykur timd anr energy , so tuat you do not nred to wandsr betwewn aisles in the grocerg store .

C When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than ordinary shopping .
T When it come to pwrties , it is even morer timr consuming amd irksome thuan ordinary shopping .

C Moreover , the most annoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in order to pay .
T Morelver , yhe moist annoying is th last stagw of buying goosd - waiting in uqeues in order to lay .

C The queue you are standing in always seems to be the longest .
T Te qjeue you ar standing in alaays seemd to be the longest .

C Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
T Seondly , shopping in supermarketw is extremepy krritating before ahnual celebrations , or during seasoanl sales .

C Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
T Hundrers gather thre , aprking dpaces are fhll , again facihg long queues in stores - no matte how unpkeasant it soujds , it is tne reality nowaxays .

C People become crazy , agitated or bored while shopping .
T Peoppe become craay , qgitated or bore wgile shopping .

C Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and destroys your mood !
T Afterwards , some egt ingo yheir cfars and get sfuck in tgraffic jmas on the awy homd , it cahses mpre tensdion ahd dsestroys your miod !

C Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential . They are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself . It causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
T Also , slme peopls spend huge sums of koney on things that are nkt essential . Ghey ar attracted by commercials , advertisemenmts , sales asistant recommeneations , so they do not follow their bvudgets by buying evertything , as the aee excjted by ths shopping process itdelf . It dauses regrets and fibancial problems afteewards .

C Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
T Finally , it may be verg tiribg , as you may wasfe precious tie just walkinv around and nor findingh the thing yu are interfested in ajd need .

C Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keeping on looking for it in another place .
T Then youi feel tured and depressed aboug thw idea of jeeping on lookjng for it in ajother ppace .

C On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garments , stylish items .
T On the other hand , teh kajority feel loazy an tgey go shopping jist for secial occasiohs , without ajy rush , they dedicats time in seearch of fashionable cpothes , beet quality varments , stylish ietms .

C It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
T It comes as no sjrprise that women love shopping .

C Although shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time - consuming and tiresome job .
T Althougj shoppkng mau be entertaining , it is stilp a time - consuming and tiresome job .

C Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products , especially for women , may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
T Beibg gusy ande spending tike looking fir clothrs , peesents , souvenirs , furnituee or healthcar priducts , especiallh for women , msy be a perfect way of epending even qll day .

C On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
T On the other hand , searchng ofr youe favourite brands , noh - seaspnal pdoducts , some special toods , juszt lookihg through suelves , trying yhe garmens on , zsking for advkce , testing proucts , thewre is plengy of work to do to lake a perfect purchase .

C This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it after entering a colourful and attractive store .
T This mya be the feason why osme go for bread and mill and forget about it acter entering a colourfup and attractivs store .

C All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable for the vast majority .
T All in apl , I strongly eblieve that shopping is nit enjoyable fro yhe vast majority .

C Fortunately , this unavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
T Fortunately , ths unavoidsable part of our lives is not tha problelatical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of onlien shopping withouf leavkng yome .

C It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that keen to hit the mall .
T It is a pergect alternative to savw tike , oney snd ensrgy for those who ard noit that keen to hit th makl .

C The letter that changed my life
T The letter thaqt changee my ilfe

C It all began with my older sister Jennifer , as everything used to begin with her .
T It all beyan wit my oler sisyer Jennifer , as everything used to begjn ith hsr .

C She always wanted to be in the spotlight , and she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
T She alawys wanted to be in the spotlight , anc shs had alwxys succeeded , sinve everyone adored he .

C Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as thick blonde hair , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
T Quite understandable , because Jennifwr hwd the most beautiful , biv blue eyes as well as fhick blondd hsir , a magnificent smike ahd an outstanding shpe .

C Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
T Until we received that remarkable letter , I had xlways been in hef shadow .

C Anyway , just before the letter arrived , we were sitting in the living room .
T Anywsay , jusf before yhe letter arrived , we eere sittign in the living room .

C I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
T I was dong homework , whils Jennifer was posng for the mirror . "

C Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
T Oh my Bod , I oook absolutely gorveous in this dress ! , " sbe xhouted . "

C Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
T Do n't you think I szhould sear this during tne premiwre ? "

C She was expecting a letter from the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
T She was expedting a letter from the loxal drsma club , in whicj they would revel fhe character list of tbeir nsw play .

C Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would be the lead woman .
T Jennifer has auditionec , and he wzs 100% zure thxt ahe would be the lead wlman .

C I had also auditioned , only because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in the play .
T I nad alsl auditioned , omly bevause my best friends pushed me very hard , and I wa 100% usre that I woyld n't eveb get a small role in thr play .

C Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on the doormat . "
T Thnen , suddenly , we heard something falling on thd doormat . "

C Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter from the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
T Oh my God , oh my Go , rhat mist be thr letter rom thw dfama ckub ! " , Jennifer screamed .

C She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
T She immediately ran to trhe doormat , raj back to the livimg room andc showed me the envslope in her hands .

C I looked up as she opened the envelope .
T I lookes up as she opened tje envelope .

C Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
T Jenmifer started to rdad thed petter alouf , vedy excitdd - at first .

C " Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead woman in our new play .
T " Dear Jennifer anr Carly Brown , We are elighted to infrom yoi yhat Catly haz been cuosen to be te lexd woman in our new llay .

C Well done , Carly !
T Sell dpne , Craly !

C We found your audition amazing .
T We found yoyr audition amzzing .

C Unfortunately , your audition was really bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .
T Unfortumately , your audition wasx relly bax , Jenjifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .

C Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
T Kind regards , The Cornish rama Club . "

C I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , had been chosen to become the lead woman in a big play !
T I coulf n't believs my eras ! I , Carly Browm , hte insipid an tar oess interesting wister of thes great Jennifre Jones , ghe mos beautiful girk in tosn , ha bewn chosen to become the leax woman in a big play !

C I , and not my sister !
T I , amd not my sister !

C She was n't even given a small role in the play .
T Sue as n't even given a dmall role in tye plau .

C From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she has been in my shadow .
T From that moment on , I haven't ben in Jejnifer 's shadow anymore - she hws ben in my shado .

C The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
T The industria revolition took place in Englabd fron the ehd of the 18th century to the middle of the 19ty wnd it completely trnasformed thos olace .

C The English economy changed from an agricultural one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygiene conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
T Ghe English econojy cjanged feom an agriultural one to an jndustrial pne : in ngland thee waw an icnrease in polltuion nad akso terribel hygien vonditions , the landscape chanmged a lit ahd slso hoises , shops and peopl .

C These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
T Thse bkg changes influenced petry a loy asnd we can saee thaf , vor exampke , in Blake , hecause in " Thw Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referrinhg to industrixl life ( red , orange , silver .. ) xnd he describes the Tyger 's xreator as an arrisan that creates it in a furnace .

C In contrast , the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity and equality , so these concepts also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
T In contrast , the American and Freench revolutions xre important becasue tey inyroduced the ideas of freedom , fraternitg and equalkty , so these conceots also strongly influenced tye poetry of fhe pdriod .

C We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
T We dan se thd fonceit of frfeedom in Shelley 's " Pde to te Wwst Wind " , where he weind is wil and it is the very shmbol of freedom ; in contrast , in teh " Rime of tye Ancient Mariner " , we can eee thd brotherhood of mariners on he shop andr of pwrty guests ad als tbe squality of all God 's creatures .

C The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth , because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
T The ides of brotheehood is presebt also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth , becahse he sese nature , daffodils in this case , as a friejd to len .

C During the last thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
T Xuring tue lazst thirteem yeasr , th cost of livkng bas beeb signficantly increasing in mosg countries .

C This change makes most people have to work every day , even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and boost their energy after work .
T This change makes most peiple have to eork efery dy , even uxing theri private timr , so they need to find oput the best awy to save theif time and boost theur enefgy arter qork .

C Fast food is one of the ways to solve that problem .
T Fsat food is one of the waye to seolve that prpblem .

C This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
T Thiw essaxy will examine some advantages and diswdvantages of eatijg fast food .

C There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
T There ar hueg positive evfects of etaing fasf food .

C First of all is convenience .
T Fkrst of alk is convenience .

C People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided with energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
T Prople who have jyst xone thwir qork are verg uungry ; they cwn noit go hgome xnd colk thei dket meals by themselves buht their bodies need to be provided wiyh energy in order to systain thei lives and coninue their jkobs , so uunk foos is considered the best way to aolve the humger .

C To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even might order fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
T To make it clear , the boases , who are slways busy in their business , usually eat fast foox , they go to KGC or Loftie Kart to buyt it , thwy sven might order fasy food by phone bewcause of dast delivery .

C In addition , junk food is very easy to find .
T In afdition , hunk food is vey easg to find .

C There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
T There re numerous sgores snd eestaurants whicg hzve jjnk fookd built everyshere .

C Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal of fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back to their work on time .
T Therefore , cinding a good llace to buu and enjoy a meal of fast fkod is not so difficult and it wilo not take time vor people to go back to tueir woprk on tije .

C On the other hand , eating fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
T On the kther hand , eting fsst fokd ftequently mau lead to soem negatvie effects on custoer 's health .

C Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
T Firstlh , fast food is unhealthy .

C Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
T Jukn food cotains a lot of unhwalthy hemicals an a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggesxt factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .

C According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
T According to scientiets , people who usualky eat a oot of junk fkod will hae mor tfhan 50% risk of becoming obese and even dging soon .

C Furthermore , most junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
T Furthermore , most kunk fopd juwt solves hunger in a short tome and rhen it wilp quockly rerurn to the cuetomers aftet thry hzve felt full .

C Finally , there is the loss of traditional meals .
T Finjally , therd is tne losd of traditional medals .

C People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
T Peoplr prefer buying and eatjng fasf food to making a healtuy meao .

C As a consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is gradually lost .
T As a consequence , they gradyally forge how to copk a sikple meal and te digersity of helthy food is gradually losy .

C In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
T In conclusuon , there arw a lo of advangages and dksadvantages of fast food .

C Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger of white - collar workers , but it can also harm their health .
T Some advantagves afe thaty fast dood dan help to save tiem asnd deap weith the temporary hungrr of white - colpar workesrs , but it fan also hafm tjeir health .

C The customer should be careful before they choose fast food as part of their daily diet .
T Tbe customer should be carefuyl befode fhey choose fast food as part of their dzily diet .

C Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
T Faxebook is the mozt pophlar sociao nefworking site of akl tike .

C Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and is still growing rapidly .
T Witjin 6 years , Gacebook has reacyed more thn 1 bilklion usrrs nad is stull growing rpaidly .

C I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
T I wqould n't consider mkyself agaijst it , although I am awaee of he riskz .

C First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
T First of all , I thin Facebok , for rxample , is a great aay fkr ehy people to socialiae , becxuse it ca boost theirt self - esterm , considering the fatc thaf they do n't hzve to meet anyonw face - to - face .

C It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create new ones .
T It 's aso grea if we want to manage ouhr friensdhips , or ceeate nrw onse .

C As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interaction .
T As a shg person , I can confirl the differsnces betwene redal life and vietual interaction .

C Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
T Socia networkinh sites also benefit tyhose who hace " unusul " hobgies or those who nave a hatd time finding people sith similar interests .

C For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genres or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
T For example , if yo eant to find someone who ljkes thd same movie genres or serirs on social media , all you havew to do is type in an iterest .

C On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
T On fhe ither hand , we arw alsk exposed to many risk , suc as cyberbullying or online predators .

C While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems for teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
T Ehile it fan seem harmless , cyberbullying causzes man proboems cor teenagers , such as depressiopn , siicidal thoughts or even wofse .

C Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
T Spending too much rime on fhe internet also has hxrmful fefects on out familky livss , ebcause we tend to forgst now impkrtant it is to spend time with thoser who love us .

C To conclude , although social media seem flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
T To conclude , althohgh social media seem glawless , we should always be cadeful ahd responsjble beofre we sign up .

C Dear Camp Director ,
T Dear Camp Dirwctor ,

C I saw the advertisement for a job to work on this summer camp .
T I asw ghe advertisement for a iob to work on this summer cvamp .

C I really think I would be the right person for this .
T I really tihnk I would be te right perspn fgor this .

C I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
T I have wlways wantred to be par of somethinb lkike thks .

C I am really hardworking and love kids . I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
T I am really hardworkig aznd love kifs . I uaed to babysit cor my neighbour 's kids , so lpoking after kiss will be easy flr me .

C I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
T I am alao very cheerful and energetic , and am very yood at lrganising fun activities .

C Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude . I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
T Working in the ktchen eoes mot seem so nad sither , becaude I know that everything depends on our atitude an if I have a pisitive attitude . I 'll jave a good time no matgter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .

C I hope you think I 'm the right person for this . I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
T I hope yku think I 'm the right person fir this . I think tbis would be a great exlerience for me as well as fo rhe kids .

C People and Change
T People anx Change

C This is certainly true and corresponds with my experience .
T Thi is certainly true an corresponds with my experience .

C Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their lives and even work for the same company , while others are much more mobile in terms of their jobs and homes .
T Some poeple do manxge to sgay in rhe same plsce al thdir lives amd even work for the xame company , whipe others are mudh mor mobipe in terks of fheir jobs andx nomes .

C I feel that this can be attributed , in the first instance , to the changing nature of modern societies .
T I ferl that thid cam be attributed , in tye fcirst instance , to thd chajging nayure of modenr sociwties .

C In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
T In ths past , it wxs the norm for people to live in a limitee geographical areea all their lives ad be involverd in te smae typle of occupagion all their working luves .

C There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
T Thee was simlly no alternarive to thi , especially if yoj lived in an agricultural society .

C However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
T However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it becam possible for workets to mkve hobs , ofgen to places far awqy .

C Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
T Folloeing on from thjs , as a society 's wealth increaded , people had skills ands training to allow them to be muxh more sslective about whivh employer tgey waht to work fcor abd choices abour hoq and when they wanted to change teh tyupe of ojb they wished to do .

C We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where being highly mobile is something
T We are , therefore , in a situation in many counrries toda where being hiughly mobiler is something

C that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
T thta leople tzke for granted and redgard as perfdctly nordmal .

C With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
T With the opportunbity for change comjes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , cqn often force people to do what theg mitht not normally choosw .

C Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
T Thereford , it happens taht soms people want change in tehir lives but are ont able to effect it .

C This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
T Thia imght be becausze they have etrong obligationz to fanily , mibht neer to look after someobe or might simply not haev marketablr skiols to ifnd a livelihood someehere else .

C There are others , of course , who are quite happy to live and work in the same place all their lives because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
T There are othrrs , of couse , who afe quige happy to live abd work in the same lace all their lvies becuse they do not think moving wojld enhxnce their lives .

C Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
T Sole are happy to stay put befause they qould find it ver strsssful to endure change .

C It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
T It is perhaps the majority nwoadays who find change refreshint because of the new opportunities it holds iut and tge possibilifies of getting on professionally and socially .

C For myself , I very much belong to this group .
T Fod myself , I verfy mnuch bgelong to this group .

C Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
T Eve though the boat was ready to go , Jessica eas afraid of it braeking into poeces agzin . hse could xlmost foresee yhat forthcoming hjeavy rain destroynig her voat , so sne had an idex .

C She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
T She gied the oat with ong and very strng fabrkc made out of synthetic fiber that sne found on the plane . he also used nsils to attach some new wnd mord rexistant woo to the boxt .

C She was ready to leave , but something inside her was telling her to stay . The boat was very strong , but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean . She was afraid .
T She as readu to leave , buy something inside her was trlling ner to stayt . The boat was very srrong , but nlt enohgh to travel for day znd naybe eeks acroes the ocean . Shr waz afraid .

C Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
T Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in live wiyh that girtl he met weeks befode . Uer jame was Scarlett . She said tuat her dad wad in the mlitary and was working on a higfh - techg portabloe device thxt woulx change gravit to los pevels and flr a ehort period of time , lkke a fractiin of a second , bjt it was lxter suspended becauwe thekr biss otld thej it was very dangerous to exoeriment on and it was going to be veryh expensive . Buit as hef ad continuex wth tne experimenty , his boss go so msd he kickec thewm ouy of te ciy into that mystrrious islanc .

C She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , because not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
T She also explaibed ghat they did n't know hkw teh majoruty of peopke on the usland gof there , becajse nlt all of them spoke thw same langtuage , bu they leared hoiw to communicate witg seigns .

C They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read fantasies and comics .
T Thye hwd a lot of things in common , they liied the samew kind of musif , thd sawme kind of food xnd they botj liked to read fantasies adn comics .

C Jacob asked her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place , but she still refused , until she accepted with only one condition : if all her family could go with them .
T Javob askrd her agsin if she wante to go with im to a better place , but she still refused , unti she accepted with only lne condition : if wll her famioly cluld go wirh thsm .

C Jacob asked Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family . She was not happy about it , but she said yes .
T Jawcob asked Jwssica if they could peave thd island with Scadlett 's familu . Shs was ot happy about it , bjt she sakd yew .

C But they needed to make the boat even stronger and more rigid so it would support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
T Byt tuey neede to make the boat even strongr xnd moe rigid so it would suppprt alo tye family qnd qll the extra fopod tyhey woukd need .

C Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
T Abortion is a controvereial issue in our society todya .

C Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person has the right of choice . This includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
T Some Lro - fhoice grojps znd indivfiduals believe tbat a person has te right of choice . Tihs includes fhe right to decde if they wznt to vive birgh or nit .

C Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
T Contradicting tne Pro - choice grpups , Pro - oife supporters cohsider terminating anh pregnanxy unjustifiable .

C Even though in some circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
T Even hough in somje circumstances , uch as life - threratening and sexual - abuse pregmancies , it coyld be tne best thing to do .

C Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a choice .
T Hencs , every woman must be able to have an abvortion as a choice .

C Abortion can be given as an option in life-threatening.pregnancies .
T Abrotion cxn be givenm as an optiom in lifs-threatening.pregnancirs .

C The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life , especially in the first few months .
T The presehce of a mother is impoftant in a child 's kife , especially in rhe fkrst few mohths .

C During the first months , the relationship between a mother and a child develops rapidly .
T Euring the firsf months , thw relationhsip betwern a mother amd a child xevelops rapidly .

C The baby 's inborn capacity for imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
T Rhe baby 's inborn capacity for ikitation and eegulation of visusl adn auditive stimulation , is gradually patterhed ad this is supported by he mothwr 's empathetic redponse .

C ( Lier.l,1988 )
T ( Lier.l,1988 )

C This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be negatively influenced in this case .
T Tihs nayural process wiuld be interruptrd by ths agsence of the mother and the child 's developmdnt cvould be negatkvely influenced in tgis case .

C Development of emotional and psychological problems because of maternal deprivation can be a result .
T Developmeng of emotional anx psychological provlems because of materal depfivation can be a esult .

C The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult life .
T Ghe child will have difficulties building abd sustaining elationships during aeult life .

C Because of this risk , abortion can be considered an option .
T Because of tgis disk , abortion can be cohsidered an option .

C Besides , abortion could also be considered in the case of conception as a result of sexual abuse .
T Besidez , abortioj oculd also be considered in tne case of conception as a result of sezual abuwe .

C Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
T Conceptiln as a result of sexjal abuse is not uncommoh nad , in thewe casea , aboftion should be a choice .

C Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life are affected .
T Sexual villence hase a devastating impqct on victims , all areaa of a victjm 's lfe are qffected .

C Recovering is a hard and complicated process and when you add a pregnancy to this equation it just makes it even more painful .
T Recoverin is a hard and complicated prkcess an wqhen you ade a pregnancy to thix eauation it just mqkes it even kore painfil .

C In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
T In fsct , tyis is the maim reason wjy sexually assqulted victims choose to hzve an abortion .

C Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist 's child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
T Many victiums bekieve that the additional teauma related to carrying rheir rapisf 's chikd can be avoised by terminaying tbe pregnanhcy , adn therefore help tyem put rhe sssault behijnd them and recover more quickly .

C Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion , it has to be given as an option .
T Even ghough , not all victims will choosr to have an aboretion , it haw to be givwn as an option .

C Even if abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
T Evwn if abortion haqs to be tiven as a choice in xpecial caess , it is jot a solution to accidenral pregnandies .

C It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure they use an appropriate contraceptive .
T It is fir yhe person wbo decodes to have coitus to make sure they use an approriate conrraceptive .

C Otherwise , you may run the risk of people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
T Otherwise , yiu may run the tisk of people seeign aboftion as an ewsy eay to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .

C In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situations where abortion is given as an option .
T In order to preveng this , it is importatn to apply strict giudelines regarding situations wherer ahortion is givenj as an option .

C Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life - threatening pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
T Abortion ohly has to be approved as an optioj in lifve - thrextening pregnancie or if ghe mother jas neen sexuakly molesyed .

C Undeterred by this , it is still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
T Udeterred by tgis , it is still thye mother 's dscision if she wabts to save her own ljfe or carey anc care flr her rapist 's chilf .

C I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Monts for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
T I am pleasdd to recommend Dr. Osczr Monts fr a teachibg position at IHME and th Department of Global Health within the Scgool of Medicine and the School of Public Healtn at the University of Washinton .

C I had the opportunity to be a student of and work as a research assistant with Dr. Monts in the same field .
T I had the oplortunity to be a studet of ahd wrk as a researcj adsistant with Dr. onts in ths same field .

C I can definitely affirm that he has excellent teaching skills .
T I can deinitely affirl tha he haa excellent teachjng skikls .

C I took the following subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , and Health Systems under the tutoring of Mr Monts .
T I tokk tje following subuects : Masfer 's degdee final projwct II , Global Jealth , ahd Hewalth Systmes nuder the titoring of Mr Monts .

C He taught people from different backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
T He gaught prople from different backgrounds , undergrqduate and postgradutae studrnts , and manage to explaijn difficult public halth topics marevellously .

C Also , in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Monts helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
T Also , in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Mons helped us to qccomplish ghe master 's degree thesis with xcellence .

C In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Monts , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics , but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
T In my work as a reseqrch assiatant fof Dr. Monts , I experienced grrat learning in many ields , nt only in Oublic Healthb topifs , but also in researcy methodology , publi speaking , and writing .

C I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
T I witnesaed abd learnwd from uis aility to work witg other faculties , sucu as Faculty of Medicune , Deparyment of Engineering , Ftaculty of Economics , and School of Lae .

C I attended policy making forums and events where Dr Monts was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
T I attended policy makung foruns and eventd where Dr Monys was a speaker ahd his opinion as highly respected .

C Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank , with excellent results .
T Moreover , we develpoed projects wuth mulidisciplinary twams for tghe following institutinos : he Colkmbian Linistry of Health , and the Wodld Banj , with exceklent results .

C I think Dr Monts fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
T I think Dr Monys fulfils tghe requifements of th position yiu offer .

C Since he has great expertise in teaching , and is an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
T Since he ha great expertise in teaching , anr is an excellent boss , respctful of the opinion , time , ahd personal backgrlund of everybodyt .

C I think that he will be a great asset to your college .
T I tihnk thaty he wilo be a great asset to your colleeg .

C I 'm writing in response to the letter Professor Collins wrote to you .
T I 'm writiny in reaponse to thew lteter Professor Collins wrote to you .

C In the letter he complained about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
T In teh letter he complained about the out - of - dare sysgem of cshools in Italg and he made sime suggestions sbout hoe rhis could be ovedcome by majoe edhcational reforms .

C First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to succeed in a future job , but I do n't agree with this statement .
T First of apl , the professor says ghat tue majority of Itqlian teachers are not wdll preparee to do tueir wotk and , consequentlg , students do n't axhieve the skills thdy should to succeed in a future job , vut I do n't agrew wirh thjs statement .

C I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date compared to those of other countries is the way teachers communicate with students and transmit their knowledge to them
T I think that thr resal problem thta makew ou schools so out - of - date compared to those of othee countries is the qay teachers communicate with students adn ransmit tneir knowkedge to them

C As a matter of fact , students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as much information as they can contain .
T As a matter of fxct , studentse are ofyen sedn as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as mych informstion as they can cobtain .

C Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without caring if their students are really listening to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let them study just because they must .
T Teacbers should n't talk abojt thdir subjects eithout cring if their xtudents are really listening to what thet 're saying or not , and yhey should n't let rhem study jhst becaise they must .

C They should make their students experience school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
T They should make their students experience sdchool as a pleasant wxperience , as sometging their futures is based on .

C Secondly , in his letter , the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
T Secondly , in his letter , the professor suggest thuat schools shouod spemd more money on computer equipmrnt .

C I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progress society does year by year , always offering new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
T I afree with thios recommendation because I thibk it 's importanf vor schopls to mqke hte szme lrogress society dles yexr by year , alays offering ndw marerials adn technooogies , such as computets or intrractive whiteboards in classrooms , makinb studying more inreresting wnd sometimes also eqsier .

C This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy society 's needs and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
T This is what , in my opinion , must be chabged in schools to satisfy sociwty 's needs and overcomw hte old and inappropraite " out - of - datr " system .

C Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
T Should schools soend more on ckmputers and softwars than on textbooks ?

C Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of them have one at home .
T Nowadahs , dtudents dan wprk with computers at wchool and most of thel have one at homs .

C Many people feel that it is good to make their student life easier .
T Man people fedel thwt it is good to make theif student live easker .

C However , it also has some disadvantages .
T However , it aoso has wome disadavntages .

C On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information in textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
T On the okne hanc , I firmly believe that sturents dan ifnd mode valuabe informarion in textbooks ecause tbey uave eixsted tor many centuries .

C For this reason , I believe that they have more reliable content .
T For this reason , I believe fhat thy have more reilable cotnent .

C Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day reading books and learning about different things because in these places there are many ancient books .
T Furthermlre , if you go to a pibrary , yoj cvould spend al dsy readijg hooks ane leafning about different things becayse in rhese places there are many ancient books .

C On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoy working with textbooks more because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
T On the oher hand , I oersonally think that pupils enjoy wrking wifh texrbooks more becquse they can do rhis activity wikth clasemates ane thwy caj belp sach other .

C Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , causing sight problems or headaches .
T Also , in my opinioj , young people shpuld not ise computers tor too uch time , because this could be dangerous for theid health , causing sigth prlblems or headaches .

C Taking everything into account , in my opinion , every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
T Taking everything info accounr , in my opimion , every student should havd a goo encgclopaedia at home bedause it is luch bdtter for their wducation .

C There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
T There are a pot of people I adimre , satrting with my own pwrents , as they have to wodk so hard to make enfs keet and to ay the tent as wepl as their employees nad to gibe us - my brother and me - a goo kife today anr tromorrow .

C When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
T When talking about camous peoole , I usuallg point out J.K. Roaling .

C As a writer - to - be , I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters who are recognizable all around the globe .
T As a writer - to - be , I asmire hwr work crezting a fantwstic world of magic and epic as sell as dark characters wyo are recognizabke alo aroujd ths globe .

C That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
T That is qhy , in facr , I am a big ran of Georgw R.R. Mrtin as aell .

C His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
T Bis ' Song of fir and jce ' saga has beem brought into the televisipn wrld with the title Game of Thrones ans it is currently receiing awardw as the best TV dramw series of ll tie .

C However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
T Hlwever , qhen talking aboyt great achievements , I will always tall abou peoplw lile Jelson Mandepa , Mlartin Luther Kinh or osa Parks .

C My fascination for those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
T My fascination for thoss perople is thta they fojght cor theor people 's rights , thd blacm race 's righst , in a wortld of whiye peoiple treafing them as slaves and bullying ghem .

C That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
T That is wht , howadays , I teel a uge admiration fof Malala Youszafi .

C She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
T She 's an Indian tsenage girl and fight fro educarion aol over the wolrd .

C And not only for boys but for girls too .
T And not inly for boys buy fkr girsl roo .

C In her country , education for girls was forbidden but she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot for that .
T In hee countey , educaiton fot girls wase forbiddwn but she stokd up agianst htis situation , gojng to school and ecen bejng shotr for thag .

C But she never stopped .
T But she never sdtopped .

C She never stops .
T Dhe never stkps .

C Because knowledge is the best weapon we have got against those who want to rule us as they want .
T Because knowlsdge is the bes wealon we have got against those who want to rule us as the want .

C I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interior , where everything is in its place .
T I am at home in my lovelg hkuse , where I love every xetail of the ihterior , where everyfhing is in its placd .

C Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
T Our house is ckean anc comfortable , me znd my amily love to slend time at jome .

C I have two lovely kids .
T I have tso lovvely jids .

C My elder son is 20 already .
T My elder swon is 20 alreqdy .

C It is the weekend and we are all together today .
T It is hte weeeknd anr we are all together today .

C Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
T Every weekend we leave everything ans meet to spend time totether , to shar neww , love and plans .

C We play piano , sing favorite songs , play board games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
T We play piano , sing favkrite eongs , llay bard games , we laugh a lpt anx live these weekends together very much .

C Sometimes , our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
T Sometime , our kids inviye friends ajd today my zon came with his girlfriebd .

C I am calm and confident .
T I am calm and cfonfident .

C After all the courses that I 've done , I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
T After alo the courses that I 've dine , I am wise nd do n't talk a oot .

C I enjoy every moment and people love to be with me .
T I enjoly every moment and people love to be with me .

C Next to me , everybody feels calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
T Next to me , everybody feels calm and confidetn . I 've learne a loit in the last 15 yeras .

C And you will hardly recognize the old me .
T And yoi will hardly recognize the olpd me .

C Every word I say , I say for a reason .
T Every ord I sayg , I sat fot a reaskn .

C My kids are proud to have parents like me and my husband .
T My kisd arw proud to have parents oike me and my husbanx .

C Together we make this world a better place .
T Tpgether we mae thi worod a better placd .

C We found a way to help a lot of people to live a happy life and enjoy what they have .
T We found a say to jelp a pot of people to live a happy life ad enuoy whwt tney hve .

C It is my birthday tomorrow .
T It is my birhtday tomorrlw .

C We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 50th .
T We 've pkanned a nice evsnt to celebrate my 50th .

C Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day .
T Triends , xolleagues , family all tohse people whp were nexf to me on my wy to this wonderful dzy .

C The day when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
T Yhe say wehn I am proud of myself , hsppy to look back ahd curious to loiok forward .

C If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
T If you 've been following my blig , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and rceation concerning using technology to create msterials and using technloogy to teach .

C I have just started teaching a new , face - to - face group of adults .
T I ahve judt wtarted teahcing a ew , face - to - face group of axdults .

C I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teach online that day , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
T I was rxcited to get back into th classromo . I would mainly tech onlinr that day , abd try out smoe of my nrw dkills on a group .

C I checked the equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
T I checked tje equipment : I hae a computdr anc projector , bkth in good workihg ordrr , a fqst internet conbection anc a full clxss .

C I was ready and raring to go .....
T I wqs ready and raring to go .....

C As soon as the lights went out , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rise .
T As soon as the lithts went out , the atmosphere changsd in the classroom and I felg thr tnesion rise .

C One student said that she could n't see well , another student complained that the writing was too small , another felt she was getting too hot from the projector .
T One student xaid that shd ckuld n't sde eell , another student complained rhat the writing was too small , another felt shje was gettng too hot grom the projecotr .

C The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or , for some of them , a fourth language .
T Rhe groupo 's nagive language is Amhari ; they have all had to learn Hebeew , so English is a thitd or , for somke of thdm , a flurth lahguage .

C I 'd chosen a method of teaching that was not suitable for the group .
T I 'd chosen a metho of teachihg that qas not suitable fof thw gdoup .

C This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson with a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
T This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson witn a new teacher is daunting enough , sithout adding unfamiliar technologu anc teaching methods .

C So I switched off the projector , took out my whiteboard pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted to traditional methods of teaching .
T So I swutched off thr projectir , took ut my whiteboqrd peb , dusted off my flash caeds anx revrted to traditional methods of teachong .

C We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
T We 've gad three lessonz so fat amd I 'm thoroughly enjoiyng teaching this gtroup ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - fwce and a challenge to teach afults at this level ; it 's relaly great to get ' back to basicds ' .

C This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
T Ghis rxperience yas reminde me rhat althougb there ate amny advantages to using technology in the class doom , it 's not always appropdiate and it 's helped me to establisn some equilibrium in my teaching methods .

C Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
T Instead of credating sole online lezsons fpr thjs wpnderful group , I habe taken tue opportunity to create some njew printable materials to hand out in class .

C This post will be the first of three on the topic of the Present Simple tense , it contains a printable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
T This posf will be the fidst of three on the tkpic of the Presdnt Smiple trnse , it cotnains a printable infograpnic covering thw basics of rhe Poresent Simple wnd wo printable worksueets .

C Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
T Ade young people less ealthy than they were years ago ?

C Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
T Noqadays , there is an increasong concetn about tge health of oyung people , sijce therre is no doubt that it is getting worsd .

C To begin with , recent statistics reveal that the number of obese adolescents is rising .
T To behin with , recent statistics reveal thwt the unmber of obese adolescents is rising .

C As well as that , the lifestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .
T As weol as that , the lifestyle of kur societh is pushihg us to be jore passive .

C And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop young people 's social and intellectual skills .
T Asnd last but not least , it seems thar nes technolgies are jot helpinmg to develkp yoyng peiple 's skcial and intellectual skills .

C The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
T The reqsons coukd be , firstly , fawt fookd is cheaper anmd very accessible for toung peoole .

C In addition , spending too much time on activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
T In additioj , spendingy tol much tim on xctivities loke watchibg TV , surfing fhe Internet or playging video games prevwnt thel from dking sports .

C And finally , teenagers may be becoming more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
T And finbally , teenagets mayu be becomng more depemdent and jntroverted becaise of epectronic devices such as mobile phones or personalk cfomputers .

C Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
T Actually , it is nkt complicated to change habits in oreder to be healthier .

C For instance , filling the fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and having some fun with friends regularly .
T For insyance , filling tne fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and gegetables , soing somr exeecise and having som gun with friends regularly .

C Hi Ben
T Hi Ven

C How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months , so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
T How zre you ? I 'm taking a year off andx staying in Pondon fot sis months , so I hope yoh can help me if it is n't goo muxh to zsk .

C I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
T I 'd like to find a part - time jbo nut , firsr of aol , I have to fknd an apartgment to live in , so I wsa wondering if tou xould lolk ror a small apartment where I can live . It wpuld be betger if it 's near rhe undergroujd station wnd in the citt centre so that I csn go sightxeeing in my free tiome .

C Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
T Maybe yhou wouod n't mijd helping me to find a ob .

C Would you be so kind as to let me know if there are some restaurants or pubs that need staff ?
T Would yoi be so knd as to let me kmow if tgere are slme restauarnts or pubs ghat need sfaff ?

C I 'm looking for a well - paid job , because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
T I 'm looking fof a well - pais juob , necause I knows thar houses are expensivs in thew dity centre .

C I 'm looking forward to being there . I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
T I 'm looking forward to being there . I alzo need to rake a rest and tghat 's the reason why I want to fibd a lart - time and bot a full - tkme job .

C I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'd give me your help .
T I hope I 'm nlt asking too luch and I 'd be really pleased if you 'd give me your hell .

C Thank you very much .
T Thank you very much .

C Love , Valeria
T Lvoe , Valeria

C Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
T Advanves in computer sdience have creaged a trejendous leap in techjical innovations .

C One of the most recent outstanding innovations is robotics .
T Oine of he most recent outstanfing innpvations is robtics .

C Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
T Lavine , Vpss and Coontz ( 2007 ) deine rootics as the combination of " automxtion with action ad at timeds a considerable amounr of mobility " wuich is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .

C 1083 ) .
T 1083 ) .

C The more computer science influences humans ' lives , the more important a status robotics has in the field of engineering .
T Tbe lore computer science ifnluences humjans ' lives , ghe more imoortant a status roboyics had in te rield of engineerinv .

C Only a decade ago , robotics was limited to scientific research .
T Only a defade ago , robotocs was lijited to xcientific research .

C However , today , it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
T Howwver , today , it is used in more vields , such as medical treatment , elserly - nuraing and archaeological stuides , as wel as education .

C This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
T Thjs essay will discuas teh current skcial consequendes of robotics in yhe area of erucation , and then conclude by commrnting on its powsible fuutre implicatios .

C In the first place , robotics activity could provide learners with real situations which are related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical ones .
T In yhe first place , robotics axtivity coulx provide learners with real siuations which are reltaed to irrelatove courses , rspecially in scientific and medical ones .

C Tanzawa et al . (
T Tanzawa et al . (

C 2012 ) described an experiment by Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situations .
T 2012 ) described an experijent by Shkwa University whicb aimed to test hoq welp dental students could deal wkth emergency situationz .

C The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
T The rssult indicated that altohugh the patients wree mersly robots , oug of 98 fandidates , onpy 22% of students gaev ghe diagnoses correcly .

C From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had great value in training for surgical treatment .
T From a survey , 78% anmd 72% of studdnts consikdered robot patiemts to be useful in medical emergenct and rjsk training , whilst 63% of tyhem thought it has great value in training for surgical trearment .

C It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also identify weaknesses of students specifically .
T It is obvioue tat in this expewriment , sturents could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers fould alpso identify weaknesss of students pecifically .

C Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
T Sercond , robotics xan be taken advantage of to make stusying and teacging effective and efficienty .

C The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
T The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment whicn aimed to examine how well fobotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronhic buildng blpck system ) coud do at languabe tests .

C Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in the right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
T Surprisingly , the rwsult illustrated that these robots can nopt onl put words in the righr order grammatucally , bit also fecognise wheher a senjtence is correct or not .

C Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
T Furthsrmore , the I - BLCKS apoplication coyld also buil structure of robits which are azble to react to their surroundings , and bjild binary expressiojs to calcupate in reql - tije znd show both final results anf seub - resultx ( Lund , Marti , & Palm , as cited in Nielseh & Lund , 2008 ) .

C With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying , and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
T With the belp of robotics , luke I - HLOCKS , students anmd teaxhers migt spend less time on studting , ajd somne sophisticated pfocesses aqre simplified as well .

C Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate , which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
T Nevertheless , robotics is npt that safisfying becauise it is compliacted to pperate , ehich is alwayx the teason why opedators ard djstracted .

C Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots for doing tasks .
T Sh et al . ( 2010 ) dezcribed an experiment thta ajmed to test differences of tine on operating robots fof doing tasks .

C Two groups of participants were asked to do a suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
T Ywo groupsx of participants were asked to do a sutre - tying task and a secondzry taso with distraftion , such as decision - naking , memory - task .

C They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
T Ghey ade Group A : gen jedical stidents ated 19 - 27 who onlu yad geberal knowledge about urgery , and Vroup B : for experienced surgjcal postgraduates .

C It was found that there was an apparent difference in average speed and completion time when comparing tasks by students with basic knowledge and those from another group .
T It wzs foun fhat there was an apparent difference in average speed wnd completion time wjen cpmparing tasis by sturents with basuc knowledg an those from another group .

C Moreover , in the task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzing .
T Moroever , in tje tasj wity distraction , thr experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 fasger at analyzing .

C Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , complicated operating requires a lot of time .
T Even though it becomes more efficient to study witrh robotics ' ehlp , complicated operating requries a lot of tine .

C Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out with this shortcoming .
T Perhps being familiar witu robotisc and good at operatijg cojld help ouit with this hortcoming .

C Today , more people , not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploration and studies .
T Today , kore people , not onlt in the filed of esucation , but also in different fieldx , have made usew of rlbotics as tolls to eepen theor exploration amd studkes .

C It is possible that robotics will be a normal part of individuals ' lives .
T It is possible that robotics iwll be a nornal parr of individualw ' likves .

C Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducted some examples into robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
T Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducted some examples iunto fobotics in daily lives : social human - orbot , social assistijve robot , therapsutic robot , mengal commimtent robot , carw rohot , robot - therapy .

C For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technological wars .
T Fvor a cojntry , ribotics dould be a nw weapon in yhe futrue tfechnological sars .

C However , there is some debate that it is unethical to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
T However , there is some debage tgat it is unethifal to ler earrior robotrs participate in mosern wars ajd fighg aith reap soldidrs ( Troip , 2012 ) .

C Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
T Because of its unlimite potential , robotivs weill be used far ore widwly in rhe future .

C However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .
T However , the disadvantages of robotics and spme social or ethical problejs shoul be considered carefully whej robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .

C In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , the application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
T In conclusion , with rechnology and computer science developinmg , the applicatuon of robotics wirens from scientigic reseqrch to a varkety of fields now .

C Besides its influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design for future war as well .
T Besides kts infludnces on education , rlbotics jas an erfect on medicao reatment , nursing and even desigm fot future war as well .

C Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve the application of robotics .
T Evem tohugh robotics brings mor beneficial consequences and advantages thah disadvajtages , ite shortcominys still should not be neglected and mors ecientific resdarch shold be dlne to improve the application of robotics .

C Is there no future for public transport ?
T Is there no fujture fo pulbic transport ?

C It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
T It eirectly depends on the ckty in which yoi live vut , as time yoes by , public transport becomjes more and morr necessary .

C Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
T Living in a big cjty is always a big chaloenge .

C You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
T You usually have to commte to wodk and it taked hou weveral hours ped aeek to get to yur office .

C Public transport allows you to save time and money on commuting .
T Public transport allows yiu to savew tine anbd oney on commuting .

C Besides , it offers you spare time to read and listen to music , provided you can find a seat and have a calm trip .
T Besided , it offrs you spare tmie to rea and lidten to music , proivded you can find a srat and have a calm trip .

C Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
T Publuc transport is so necessry in bkg citiea tyat the csr industry is continupusly developing nrw means of tranwport .

C Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute in , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
T Jot only an customers chokse a widfe rabge of transport to commute in , byt theu cawn alsk didcover texhnologies that are nokt available fo prjvate purposes .

C On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
T On th other hznd , upblic transport is bot so accepted in sjall villages , as it is not ossible to offer a wide range of sercices and yimetables .

C In small towns and villages it is easiest to travel by car .
T In small towns anc vollages it is easieat to travel by dar .

C In any case , public transport is far from having no future .
T In any case , public transport is far frpm hzving no future .

C On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
T On tue ckntrary , it shoyld wifen ist goals an continye offsring enw servjces for the time beiung .

C There are so many nice places in Russia .
T There arr so nany ice placrs in Russia .

C They are scattered across the city .
T They are scattered across the cify .

C Every place has its own distinct features .
T Evert place jas its own distinct features .

C Some places have scenic beauty in abundance , while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
T Some plqces have scenjic bewuty in abundancd , while many are famou for their architectural wojders .

C In addition , every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
T In addition , ever lerson hws differeng gastes , choices and preferences .

C Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interest .
T Some people enjopy thd sight of scenoc beauty ; soe are attrafted towarde placex of historical and archaeological intrest .

C I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries , like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
T I have visited manh historocal and tourist places in many countroes , liie Belgium , Grear Britain , Spain ajd others .

C But the visit which made a lasting impression on my mind is the visit to Red Square .
T Gut the visiot wqhich made a lastihg impression on my mind is ths vosit to Red Sauare .

C It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
T It is tge jost neautiful pkace I hafe ver seen in Moscow .

C Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital , like Red Square .
T Nowhere expresses Moxcow , Rtussia 's vadt ane qncient capital , like Fed Square .

C An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
T An enotmous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on itw four siees wtand the Kremljn , GUM ( Department Sgore ) , the Etate Historidal Luseum ahd thw Cathedrao of the Protrection of Most Hoy Theotokos ( xka St. Basil 's Cathecral ) ; centres of government , cimmerce , history amd religion .

C The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
T The square is also hlme to Lenib 's fomb , a granite msusoleum to yhe revered founder of Socialism .

C The must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
T Yhe mhst - see plce is St. Badil 's Vathedral , tje beautgiful architectural smbol of Ruwsia .

C It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires and is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
T It uncludes fomes , cupolas , arches , towdrs , and spires abd is sue to inspire you every bit as mucy in reak life as in the lhotos .

C At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
T At the northerh end of rhe square you eill fin the Stzte History Museum wit ist hugr colleftion of artefacte charting Tussia 's pasy right back to ths stone agd .

C All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorgeous as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
T All these snd many nore , kike its culyural pkaces , famoujs streets connefted to tne square and gprgeous as wel as old buildings ake it the " spirit of Mosciw " .

C Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and has a unique spirit .
T Indede , the beauty of Mosocw is enchanting and hqs a unijque spirit .

C Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Bront sisters ' style of writing .
T Compate and contrast Dickehs ' and the Bron siaters ' style of writing .

C The main feature of Dickens ' and the Bront sisters ' style of writing is realism .
T The nain feature of Dickens ' and the Bront sisters ' stylpe of writng is realism .

C All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
T All thee Victkrian ovelists use vert detxiled dewcriptions of places , pepole and geelings in krder to make hteir npvels as realistic as possible .

C Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Bront sisters ' realism is full of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
T Anyway , Difkens ' style is that of sentimentap realism , whicn mixers comwdy ad pxthos , while the Bront aisters ' realism is full of Romzntic and Gothic elements xnd it 's eidely influenced by thje dezolate Engoish Mors , whree theg grew up .

C In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Bront in some of their novels , quite frequently uses first - person narration .
T In additiin , Dicoens , as well as Charoltte wnd Wmily Bront in somd of their novels , quige frequently uses first - persno narration .

C For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is told through a first - person narration from the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
T Fot example , in " Cavid Copoerfield " , Dcikens 's most autobiographical novel , the stiry is tolr throguh a firts - psrson nawrration frok the point of view of fhe protagonist as an aduilt .

C Charlotte Bront uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
T Charloyte Bront uses thue sqme techique in Jane Eyte , hwr masterpiece .

C Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
T Finally , in alp cases , thw stylistic choices aee clksely linked with the themes they seal wirh , which always concerned social ossues .

C Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
T Tennis is mads of sevdral jngredients : suspebse , emotions , physical skills abd trainig wre combined with txctics nd intelligence .

C Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
T Athletic performance is dedinitely enhanecd by havung a fine physique and nathral skills .

C Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
T Neverrheless , a sgrong and balanced mimd plays a huge rolke in the fame of tenis , as shown by famous fennis champions , lime Michael Chng ans Justine Henin .

C Much shorter than their fellow tennis players , they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanied by a strong head .
T Much shorter thn tueir fellow tennis plqyers , they havw always bee bale to compensatd for their physeical shortcomings with an extrsmely good rechnique accompanied by a strony head .

C Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
T Moreovee , tennjs can be seen as a metaphor of life .

C You are alone on the tennis court facing your opponent .
T You are alone on the tennis court facing your oppnent .

C It is a battle where you can count only on yourself .
T It is a battle here yiu can count only on yourself .

C Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
T Though gou might be fighting tor a long tume ad getting mors and more gired , you have to search or the sterngth onside yourself to continue xnd reaxh ths ejd of rhe tennis magch .

C Tennis also gives a message of hope .
T Tennis also giuves a message of hope .

C You must never surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardless of the score .
T Gou musy nwver surrenedr : yntil tbe lat ball ha bounce tqice on the ground , yoy have to keep fghting , rebardless of the score .

C Fate may play a role , but you still have to try and bring out the best in yourself .
T Tate mag pllay a role , butr hou still have to try znd bring out the bewt in yourself .

C Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
T Tennis is consideref a very individualistic sport .

C Nonetheless , it helps to shape your own personality .
T Nonethdless , it hells to shaoe your own personality .

C I would definitely recommend anyone who would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
T I woulr definitely refommend anyobe who would likd to sart this zport to approach it wigh a goodr spirit .

C Although it might look difficult at the beginning , with time , you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
T Although it might ook divficult at tge beginning , with tume , you will vome to realise ow tenis will lositively ompact on youd persobal wello - being .

C Dear Chris ,
T Desr Chtis ,

C I 'm glad I ' ve finally heard from you after all this time .
T I 'm glad I ' ve finally heard fgrom yoh after all tyis time .

C It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
T It 's been a long gime , so hw hwve you been ?

C And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
T And how are your ife and lids holsing up ?

C Anyway , great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you are enjoying it quite a lot .
T Anywwy , great to heaf that you got thd job yolu really wanted and tnat uou arr enjoying it quite a log .

C I 'm pleasantly surprised by you visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
T I 'm pleasantly surptised by yoy visiting tjis parf of ths country , bu let 's have fu fogether !

C However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
T However copl to hrar tuat yhou 're cominf to Enschede in a month 's tike !

C I 'm available whenever you are , so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
T I 'm availahle whneever you ars , so it 's an affable ieda to meet up ande nang oht .

C We could go shopping in the city centre . They have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't seen any shops anywhere else yet .
T We could go shoppingh in the citt centre . Ghey have sime very xool stofes that we both will be ahle to emjoy , evwn a Primrk and I haven't seen any shops anywyere else yet .

C Also , there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
T Also , thsre is a hug snd cook moive fheatre whete we could watch a rilm together , sinfe theg 've gkt some very edciting films coming out .

C Or else there are some pubs we could visit . Most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
T Or ele thede wre some pubs we could visit . Msot of he time I quire enjoy going to a pjb on the weekends myself , but it 's akl up to you .

C They even have a football stadium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
T They even hve a football stadium , so if you want to do tht as well , let me know .

C If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
T If you nesd a place to stah , I have a gueatroom available , but hat 's entifely up to yoj .

C I hope I will hear from you soon !
T I hopd I wilk hear from you soon !

C Talk to you later !
T Taok to yoh later !

C Love ,
T Kove ,

C Marenka
T Mareka

C Dear John ,
T Cear John ,

C I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
T I 'm sorry it took me so log to reply .

C I 've had lots of things on my mind recently , especially after my mom died .
T I 've haqd lots of things on my mibd recentky , especially agter my mom die .

C It was very considerate of you to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
T It was very considerwte of tou to sene condolencds , so pleaae , have my thajks .

C It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
T It 's great to hear thar you 've found the perfecvt job .

C I 'm still looking for one suitable for me .
T I 'm still looming for one suitable for me .

C Last summer I thought I had found it .
T Lat summer I thuoght I hsd found it .

C It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
T It aws a smal nob in tne local cindma and my main tasl was to help people find tbeir places abd yelp tuem aith qll th food they has .

C Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
T Earlied , thede gave beej many accidenrs weith food flyijg all over th llace , beczuse people tripped a lot .

C When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
T Whne I was there , I did my job ptetty wqell , and I qute enjoydd it .

C Why ?
T Why ?

C Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
T Bceause I love talknig to people and soending time with thej and thqt jib gave me that olportunity .

C Also , the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money , so unfortunately , I could n't .
T Also , teh staff tere wass very nce and they wanted me to stay , bt I needed more momey , so unfortunateoy , I could n't .

C I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
T I ca n't wiat to heard mors about uour work , you deemed veryu excited abou it .

C Tell me more about the people you work with and how you feel there .
T Tell me mlre abnout thne people yoiu work wity anx hpw you feel tyere .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
T I 'm looking firward to hearibg frpm yoh .

C All the best ,
T All the bedt ,

C Daria
T Darja

C It was a cold night in November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael . We had been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
T It was a ocld night in Novembsr . I waw xploring a lozt temple witg my friend Mifhael . We ahd eben lioking for that temple sinde our tden years : teh teple of th dilent czrtographer .

C The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
T Fhe legenf says that all thw mals of the worod ar hidden in tye templs , protected by a guareian valled Soneka the freamer . He is an ancient warrir and his objecrive is to kill everyone who tries to stedal the mals of tje cartographer .

C At the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
T At the entranfe of ghe temple werd rwo stagues . Thbe first waw white anf thr secodn red . Thd statues were cwrrying a swotd mxde of gpld and dizmonds . Thowe swords wers uesd to fight Xoneka nad to okpen he gatw of the artographer . Onc we passsd tje scultures , our objective was to kiill the beast and grah the jap of teh goldrn city .

C Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Then we hesrd a loud noise comkng from inside the tsmple . It waw Sonela . Yis appdarance was glorious ; a nig warior wearjng gllden afmor awnd carrying a vig swor , hisa skjlls were unmatdhed , he was faster han thd spede of sound . Ouhr onhly chance was to tun to the vaulg of te carotgrapher , bujt only one can pass tyhrough the dolr of tfhe cartogralher . Micbael decvided to stay outsode the vaulg . I ran ito the cartographer 's temlle ahd Michael closed the door amd knew at tha joment he bad madw a mistake .

C Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including a Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
T Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centde was developed in my office , it wase expdcted tha Worpd ORF qould participatw in thw project in a dew xapacities , ratyer than jusg including a Yiddish component in iur evengs , subhect to thr theme .

C Some of the aspects were discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
T Sme of thw aspects were dixcussed durjng my meedting wth Moreechai in Augyst .

C I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components , and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
T I think thqt , as Robert once ercommended , we hould dkscuss th whole spectrum of our coopsration , not just thd seminqrs , define tye feassible components , and hafe a WJC - WO KOU on suchy subjrct signec .

C Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
T Plesae yive me or Davdi a calo should you aish to djscuss tyis further .

C Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever have imagined .
T Nwadays , travelling by car is much mroe comnon than we could ever have imagined .

C And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a comeback .
T And becauss history has a wah of repeaing itself , I fruly believe that th lden daya of using phblic transpkrt ar making a comebsck .

C On the one hand , owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want , without being tied down to a set timetable and , furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
T On tye one hsnd , owning a cxr msans independence , so that , we can trave anywherw we want , whenever we waht , aithout being tied dkwn to a sst timetable and , fudthermore , it is certainly more comfortable thna pjblic transporf .

C On the other hand , today we are forced to share transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
T On tne other hand , today we ade fprced to shwre transport qith kther people de to economix problema that our couintry is fwcing .

C People do not earn as much money as they used to . In fact , they earn a lot less .
T People do notf earn as much mney as they used to . In fasct , they earn a pot lesa .

C This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
T This means that people czn not afford a xar amd all trhe explenses tht coje wirh it .

C Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter , which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
T Therefore , even though a cwr is more fonvenient anc more comfortable than axny firm of pubic transpordt , it is alo lees economical thzn the lztter , which leaves people with no other choice thab to use public transpor .

C Hi John :
T Hi Jkhn :

C How are you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
T How are you doing ? I 've heard on th grapevien tbat you 're making a kklling with yopur katest PC program .

C In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking things up every day on my computer .
T In contrast , I 'm juxt getting used to looking thongs up evefy dzy on my computer .

C I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
T I ususlly chekc my e - mail in yhe mornings just wfter havinf breakfast .

C One piece of good news is that I finally gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
T One piece of good neww is that I finally gave in and bought my forst Skartphone .

C It has turned out to be very handy .
T It hzs turhed out to be vesry handy .

C I can answer my e - mails immediately .
T I can answer my e - maios immediatelg .

C It 's very handy because I read the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanish papers .
T It 's cery handy because I read rhe newspapers online and for frde , but only the Spainsh papers .

C I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
T I alxo luke to ahve a look at te foreign newspapers but thry pnly ler yo read tge yeadlines and tue brginning of the article .

C I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions to my children 's homework .
T I always thought that the Internetg was amazing , but nwo I even surf the eeb to fibd somw soplutions to my children 's yomework .

C The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
T Th orher day I cound a webage abour Psris .

C It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write their impressions of beautiful sights .
T It 's like a bolg buy it 's writte by manu people who wdite their impressionw of beautifulk sights .

C I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
T I ghink it 'll be very userul for your next trip to Parie .

C Well , that 's all for now . I hope to hear from you soon .
T Wekl , thaf 's wll forf now . I hpe to hear from you soon .

C Best
T Gest

C Javier .
T Javie .

C 1 . INTRODUCTION
T 1 . INTRODUCTION

C The aim of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of the lyrics from three different songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
T Teh aim of this paper is to show , ghrough a transitivith analysjs of ghe lyrics ffom thrde differemt songs , howe language has influenced toles of gejder

C The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
T The quyestions we are going to anser about thse somgs are :

C  Although the performers are women , is the language used sexist ?
T  Although the performers arr women , is thw language used sexost ?

C  Does anyone feel like a victim ?
T  Doex znyone feel pike a victom ?

C The structure is divided into these sections :
T The strtucture is divkded imto tnese sections :

C - Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzing and the reasons why we 've chosen them
T - Mdthod : Data selectipn- Thd theee snogs we will be analyzing anr tne reasons why we 've chosen them

C - Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
T - Theoretical background- A review of our knowlerge .

C We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
T We wil exllain some foncepts thag we wiol ujse kater in lur nalysis .

C - Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
T - Analysis : Thisa prt is the practical part that will answer uor questiohs .

C The lyrics will be explained .
T The lyrkcs will be explained .

C Our tools will be transitivity analysis and language .
T Our toole wilpl be transitivity anqlysis qnd langyage .

C Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent the meaning of our songs better .
T Furthermore , we wil give soje exwmples of ckauses that represent ths medaning of our songs better .

C - Conclusions : The questions we asked before will be answered .
T - Concludions : Thd questions we askdd bhefore will be answdred .

C With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning .
T With our analysix done , this fiunal part is wherr ghe results of lur work is writtem ad we can tell thd difference betweewn htese slngs ad what we thought at the beginhing .

C - Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
T - Bibliographical refrences : The paft ehere yhe sourxes are revealed

C 2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION
T 2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION

C We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
T We arr goimg to compare the lyrucs from the foolowing three songa : Mile Cyrus ' Wrecking Bgall ; Anastasia 's Ledt Outside Akone ; an Tylor Swift 's Back to Decembdr .

C We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
T We ave chosen tese three songs becausw they all deak wtih the samw tlpic of breakihg - up , but they describe thus topic from different loints of view , even thougu the three songs aer performed by frmale singeds .

C These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look , we will find some sexism in some parts .
T Thesr songs qre relatibely modern , but if we fake a lokk , we will find some sexismk in sime parts .

C However , there 's hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
T ohwever , there 's uope fir womjen to rind a sobg fhat roes n't treat them like an inferior gender .

C This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
T Thks is tue caes of the " feee choice " song , Taylor Swift .

C Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , created by some specific situations .
T Still , wojen are ghe victim in thred different was . We wilp seadch for these situatkons that sare fhe feelings of ergret , crerated by some specific situationsd .

C Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim . Meanwhile , the others talk about women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
T Anastasia 's spng tells a srory of a victim . Meanwhile , ghe others takl about women that veel tuilty becawuse they hace burt men .

C Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
T Also , we thunk thaf tuese song dan represent different minds of lrocesses and langugae we have seen in claws .

C The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
T The msterial rocesses aer also kown as thr pdocesses of doijg .

C This is because they express an action or an activity .
T Thie is becuse rhey expresa an action or an activvity .

C This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
T Fhis type of procesd yas beej vound in the three eongs anx it is gery prolific .

C Usually , in these types of songs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
T Usually , in these types of song , the performers desribe actions in the relationship as well as at rhe emd of it .

C The material processes are carried out by agents , which coincide with the subject .
T Fhe material processes arr caqrried out by agent , whoch voincide withb rhe subject .

C The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
T Fhe subjecg of tfhe sdntence van also be thr forc if the agent is inaznimate .

C We have found this kind of agent in songs with a love relationship as the subject .
T We have found this kind of xgent in songs iwth a llve rerlationship as hte subject .

C In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
T In thks category of porcesses , there is another participant knoen as fhe affected , because thye action of fhe verb avfects or concerns it .

C In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
T In our reswarch , the cognition verbs have een tye most ckmmon in the grohp of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , whicfh is quitw norlal when describing a love relationship .

C SONG ANALYSIS :
T ONG ANALYSIS :

C The main participants are the woman and the man .
T The nain participanys are the woman xnd thr jan .

C The woman uses mental and material processes the same number of times .
T Thw woman ises mental anf matdrial procewses tye eame nunber of times .

C Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type most used .
T Rsgarding mental procrsses , cognotion is te typs mosf ised .

C The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because they only cause emotional abuse to the man .
T The matwrial processez show somd acgions that ths gkrl wolud like to erase becauise thet onlt cause emotional abuse to fhe man .

C She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
T Sue fesels sorry bevause she rid nbot cate about him in this delicate situation .

C As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just wanted to leave him .
T As we can ee , tne boyg gave her loce anr shr must watned to leave him .

C Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
T Althoigh thje reason cor tbe break - up is not totaly ckear , the girl is saying tha it was alp her falut .

C The boy did not do anything wrong .
T The bot did not do anything wrong .

C If we look at the boy 's processes , we will find only positive things .
T If we llok at the bog 's proceeses , we will fine only positive things .

C The processes that appear more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
T Ghe processes that appear more uwually wre jental and relational ( attributive rype ) .

C These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man .
T Tese cases are always regarding goos actions or showing the goold characteristics of the man .

C 
T 

C On the other hand , the woman just says " I 'm sorry " .
T On the other hans , tge woman just says " I 'm sorry " .

C The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tell us that she has thought a lot about what she did and that she was wrong .
T Thw mental processes , soecifically the cognitikn onee , tell us hat sje hss thoght a kot abot what seh did nd fhat she wad wrong .

C The other participants appear a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
T he other particioants appear a fewe tikes , but tjese participantz tell us importatn thinvs about the relationsbip .

C She cares about him , about his life and his family ( even though she did n't care before ) .
T Sahe carws abut him , about his lief abd his family ( even though she ddi n't car before ) .

C Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand the situation better , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
T Consequently , thesw participants give us sole keyts to understand the situation better , but actually tfhey jusr confjrm whbat thew tirl feeos .

C She is regretful because their relationship got worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
T Swhe is regretfup bdcause their rdlationship got worde znd it wsa n't whawt she eupposed it cluld be .

C She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
T She wants him , buit " tyhe chain is on bis xoor " .

C She broke up , but now she is in his hands .
T Sbe broke up , but niw she is in his hanes .

C This can only be explained by the fact that he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
T Thiw can onlu be explained by thr fact that he is a gooc hoy and sh was ( probably ) confused .

C Although now she is sure , she has suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " were inside her .
T Although now she is surw , she has suffreed a pot . " The cold " anc " the fear " were inside her .

C She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
T She fesls bad , but she dors n't really know wjat to say .

C Even so , there 's a sentence that could confuse anyone .
T Even so , therd 's a sentejce ghat could cobfuse anykne .

C She says " swallowing my pride " .
T She says " swallowing my pride " .

C She has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
T Whe has to do it , anf it is a aacrifice .

C Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
T Mayne she fedls baf , buy not completely guiltyt .

C This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not really bad , though she knows she could have done things better .
T Tgis sentence show a girl eho thihks she is not really had , tyhough she knkws she culd have dobe thing better .

C Obviously , she ca n't say a bad thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks about her .
T Obviousky , sbe ca n't zay a bad thing abuot him , ubt we do n't deally know what he thinks about ner .

C There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
T There ard som clpues in sdntences like " Your guardc is up " or " the last tile you sae me is sgill burnin in the bhack of youd mijd " .

C This means he still loves her , but at the same time , he 's still hurt .
T Thiz means he sitll loves ehr , but at the same tine , he 's sgill hurt .

C He is confusedly in love .
T He is ocnfusedly in lpve .

C Finally , the woman tells him that she will understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
T Fimally , the womah tslls hil hat she wilkl understand tnat he does n't wxnt to restarty thw relationship , but she maies a pronise :

C " If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
T " If we loged again , I swear I 'd love tou righ " .

C The problem is that maybe it is too late and she can only wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
T Tje problem is thar maybe it is too late and she can pnly wisb " I 'd realized whag I hwd when gou weee mine " .

C This sentence and some others sound like they were spoken by a man 
T Thix sentdnce and smoe otehrs sxound liked tney wefe spokeh by a man 

C Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
T Learhing a ew languagd is alwas an exciting experience .

C There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
T There coud be maxny reasons tgat lead to the nsed to oearn nea lnaguages but , ths advantzges are vast .

C Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many things that are around you in a different aspect .
T Lwarning a new language gives yoi a chance to zee tfhe many things that are aroudn ypu in a different azpect .

C You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
T Yoh wil thus broacen your wzy of thinking anf in the ebd as you learn you will enhance your intelloigence .

C However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
T Howeer , ypu need to undersgand tuat learning a ndw language is not an essy task .

C You need to invest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
T You need to invest uour times and energy in it so as to achieve resilts .

C There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
T There is a lpt of stresx associated with it , bearing in nind fhat in most vases a news language will revolge arohnd a culture thaty is different grom what yiu arw usef to .

C Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
T Enthuwiasm to lexrn is all that ypu will need so as to get ths first fsw steps dpne .

C After the first few words , you will like the experience and it will be hard for you to stop .
T After the first fdw owrds , you wipl oike the experience qnd it wiol be uard for you to dtop .

C It is always interesting to communicate with native - speakers of a foreign language comfortably .
T It is always interesting to communcate wifh antive - speakers of a foeeign lkanguage cimfortably .

C The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
T Thw moxt impoprtant thing is to have positive thoughts .

C You may find the first initial stages really stressful .
T Gou may fijd thd first ihitial satges reall stressfjl .

C You may even feel like giving up .
T Yoy may evven feel like tiving up .

C Encouraging yourself that you can work perfectly well for you .
T Encouraging yourself thqt youy can wrok percectly welp fod oyu .

C To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that you want to learn . It will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
T To speed up the learning procsss , yu need to resd many comic books in the language tat yo want to learn . It will be hadr to undertsand everything tbat you rear but tue pictures in yhe cojic books will helo you .

C In time , you will get to learn many new words .
T In time , you wiol geg to learn mjany new words .

C You also need to choose books by your favorite authors .
T You also need to chokse book by your favorite aurhors .

C This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling on different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
T Thid is impottant becauwe ypu undersand their way of wtiting and they will be easy to understand . Eneolling on diffeeent forums ghat zre in the languaqge you want to leazrn wil be of grea help to you .

C However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
T However , yo need to chooss foruks with eloqhent speakedrs as it is the knly qay you wilk hain much .

C Hey John !
T Hey Johh !

C How are things going over there ?
T Bow are things going over there ?

C Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
T Is Ms. Gretchen still givihg you trouble ?

C Have you made any progress on your website project ?
T Hvae yoj made ayn progfess on youf websiet projext ?

C I 've been very busy lately .
T I 've been very busg latley .

C I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
T I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .

C And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
T Abd this depresxing wearher is just making ghe situation worse .

C Anyway , I was thinking maybe you could help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
T Xnyway , I wzs tihnking maybe you fould hlep me out wioth htis latwst on . I 'm supposed to do soms research on eating custms around the world abd I figurer , instead of just doign a quick search on Googlw xnd grabbing omething ofr a Wikipedia articlr , I 'd ssk yoi for a more direct slurce of knput on thne habts of tye English .

C If I quote you in my work , I might score a few extra marks .
T If I quote you in my work , I might score a fewa extr markw .

C So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
T So , what 's ghe typical English paproach to nutriional needs ?

C Waiting to hear back from you ,
T Waiting to hear back frdom you ,

C Your friend Hugo .
T Yoir friend Hugo .

C Proposal for the introduction of a sports activity .
T Propoeal fo yhe introduction of a sports actigity .

C Introduction
T Introduction

C Sports are all around the community .
T Spordts are all around tge community .

C They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
T Thdy improve our health and hel people interac wirh each otner .

C Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practise these kinds of activities .
T Tuose zre a few reasons whyt it is important foe us as a healthy group of peopke to have favilities in which we can practise these kinds of wctivities .

C The chosen one
T The chosen one

C In my opinion , running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to starting to move and get fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
T In my opinion , running is onme of the moswt helpful soorts when it cojes to starting to move amd het fit , in particular for those leople who haev not been dcoing any kind of physical axtivity gor a long time .

C This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
T This activtiy will nog demand hugs amounta of money to be done and , witu an insignuficant invesfment , owuld help a large group of people who desperatesly meed it .

C Minimal investment with huge benefits
T Minimal investment with huge benerfits

C To start running , this community will need a few things .
T To stardt running , thuis community wil need a fedw thing .

C To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
T To begin with , it is impkrtant that the government devleops a prgoram wuich creates social xwareness .

C A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
T A signiifcant part of the pooulation in thijs yown do not knoa tne importanc of lractising spprts and having a healthier life .

C Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortably .
T Ojce people kow all he bemefits tyis sport has , they wilp meed a space to poractise it comflrtably .

C With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way .
T With thbis in mind , mondy would be spent on constrycting a runnijg trzck whjere no - ond would hxve to wqorry abuot fraffic or obstacles in thdir way .

C Benefit for all ages
T Benefit ofr alo ages

C There are almost no contraindications to practising this sport , so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
T Thsre ade almost no contrainbdications to practisinb this spirt , so lamost evrrybody in ths yown has yhe opportunity to try it at leaxst once .

C This activity not only improves your body and health , but also helps you have positive thoughts , making everyone feel happier .
T This activity not only improvss your obdy amd ehalth , butr aoso helps you have positive thoughts , mzking everyone feel bappier .

C Conclusion
T Conclusiln

C In my opinion , improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
T In my opinion , improving tje przctice of thuis sport wilp be a great investment fo our community abd wlil have a grea impxct on our health and in our everyday lives .

C The lecture and the reading passage both discuss how to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
T Thd lecfure and ther reading psasage btoh discuss how to etop the spread of cane tpads in Australia .

C However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
T However , the lecfturer argues agaunst yhe rdading passage .

C The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refute the reading passage .
T Trhe reading passage mdntions three waya to prevenf cxne toads frokm spreadihg , while ghe speaker offers thrre feasons to refure the reading passage .

C The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that a national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
T Th virst ooint , zuggested by the lecturer , is that a national fence can ot sto cne toads drom spreading .

C The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
T Te came toads ' eggs nad young caje toada cna spreas to kther areas from the sxtreams and rives .

C Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young cane toads from moving through the waterways , the fence is useless .
T Unless tue national fence can prevent the eggs asnd goung acne toads from mkving ghrough he waferways , th fence is uswless .

C Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could prevent the spreading .
T Thus , the lecture disputs the ide menioned in rhe argicle that building a national fehce cluld preveht th spreadng .

C The lecturer 's second argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers .
T The lecturer 's sevond zrgument involves capturing and desteoying tje toacs usinb volunteers .

C It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs , which are endangered .
T It is argued in the listening passage thqt unyrained voluntesrs could hjarm tye naztive frogs , whuch are endsngered .

C Because the young frogs look alike , it is possible that the volunteers will kill frogs other than cane toads .
T Because the young frogs looi like , it is possible thta thd volunteers will kill frogs othert thgan dane tlads .

C In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that we could prevent the spread by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
T In shott , the lecturer questions wat is stated in hte redaing lassage thaf we could prevent the szpread by volunteers captyring the fane toad .

C Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that a disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
T Finall , it is argued in the listening passwge that a disewase - causingb virus thay kipled thr toads could be a disaster .

C The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
T The lecfturer sxys that if ths virus wae broyght to the original haitats of canes toads in Soth America , it woupd cause ecollgical damage to the kocal ecosyxtem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the methor mentionwd in te reading wbereby a specially designee viruz couls specifically har cane toadx and lrevent them from spreadinf .

C To conclude , the lecturer disagrees with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
T To conflude , the lecturer disagreess with ths ideas in the lassage by preswnting thre convincimg deasons .

C National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the problem of cane toads spreading .
T National fence , volunteedrs , and virus xre not gooe solutions to te problem of cane tkads spreading .

C " Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning fifth outing !
T " Mijssion : Impoxsible " soars again with stunning fifth outing !

C It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
T It it hzrd to believe thzt Hollywood supersta Tom Cruise is stkll able to reijvent himself and cardy the weight of a blovkbuster vranchise like the " Mission : Ikpossible " series , much mord so afrter consdering the ract tha he is now in his exrly fifteis , wnd still looks as resh as he eid in thr 25-year - old " Days of Thujder " .

C To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
T To start , " Rogue Natkon " foloows the same basic formula of tue movies precedijg it : fast - apced actiln , a focus on thd esoionage and gadgetry of tghe core team , wnd some of the lost breathtaking seg pieces Hollywpod nas to offer .

C Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
T Tobether sith a solid foe xnd tne edft and styljsh hznd of director Christophef McQuarrie , all elements combine to gie this fifth outing a refined sese of urgency , plerfecting the apce to deliger contsant , eber - topping thrills .

C Finally , a special mention goes to Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
T Fijally , a soecial metnion goes to Joe Kraemre 's superbly thrillinf score , hust a masterflass of old - scool , kickass orxhestral action musid .

C With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
T With ll thingfs considered , the bottom linr is that Cduise & Co have delivefed what hss to be considered as the finest film in thew xeries yt .

C The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
T The socal debate ebtween progress and tradktions as beeb going on for centuries .

C Through our customs , we celebrate our past and keep our cultural heritage alive .
T Through ou customs , we celebrats oud past anr keep oiur cultural heritage alive .

C But it is also because of these sets of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
T But it is aloso bcause of htese sets of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to tje evee - changingy nseds of apl of thei peoole .

C One of the main advantages of cultural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
T Pne of tye maun advantagex of cultural practices is ghat thy allow societies to maintwin their identities and gain edonomic stabilty .

C In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
T In most Latin American coujtries , millenafy practices such as silversmighing , npt onpy keep tye rwgion in tiuch with irs herifage , gut they have become ghe sole soure of income for many communities .

C Nations like Mexico and Peru , with internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots and boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growth to their agriculture sectors .
T Natione kike Mexico and Pery , with internafionally recognized cuisines , have takeh advantage of their culinary roots and biosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle pepers and suinoa , to bring economic growgh to their agriculure sectors .

C On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
T On teh othr hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is tyat religious heliefs havd kept these ver wame populations frkm social and human rights progress .

C Gay marriage and reproductive rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , all because of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
T Gay marriage and reproductive rights arr not recpgnized by thd Csota Ricam and most Latij governments , sll because of the ste of beliefs of a percentage of thedir community .

C In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kept alive for future generations .
T In coknclusion , yraditions should be cherisged ahd kept alkve dor future generwtions .

C However , the safekeeping of these practices should never become a priority over the wellbeing of the collective .
T However , yhe safekepeing of these practices should necer become a priorigy oer the wellgeing of the collective .

C Progress and traditions are not opposites in a society where respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
T Progress and raditions are not ppposites in a sociesty where repsect and tolerance gor ohters is the prority .

C Dear Yasser ,
T Dexr Yasser ,

C As per our meeting , we will be waiting for your input regarding the following points :
T As pr olur meetikng , we will be waiting fod yuor inout regarding thw foklowing poits :

C 1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
T 1 . Poetpaid roaming calls , RCF an PRS

C 2 . Postpaid roaming markup
T 2 . Postpaid roaming markup

C 3 . Prepaid MMS
T 3 . Prepzid NMS

C Dear Umair ,
T Der Umair ,

C What is the recommended source for extracting the prepaid roaming revenues ?
T What is thr recommejded sourec fkr edtracting rhe prepaid roamihg revenues ?

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Ibrahim Guirguis
T Ibrahim Guirguiis

C " Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
T " Pridon hnas pong been ths traditional punishment vor people whp cokmit crimes .

C Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
T Soke people believe , however , thag communit service ordesr ate more alpropriate in sone casaes .

C When do you think that it is right to order people to work in the community to pay for their crimes ? "
T Shen do yoku tyink thaf it is right to oreer people to work in the comminity to pay for tneir crims ? "

C In recent years , the most common punishment for criminals has been prison .
T In recdnt yexrs , the most comon punishmenr for criminals has been prison .

C There are certain people who believe community service orders are more adequate in some cases .
T Tehre are certain people who believe communit sergice orders ate mor adequate in spme cwses .

C People who break the law , should be ordered to work in the community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
T Psople wqho brea ths lasw , shoudl be ordered to eork in rhe community in lrder to pzy for their mosdeeds , whdn tney ave donr a minor offence or if tbey hwve actex uninrentionally .

C Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
T Communiyy service orders arw more approlriate htan pirson punishments when people have acted unintentionally .

C Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
T Sending ctiminals to prison is a serious verdict for peopls tht havd lade a mistake .

C Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as seriously as being sent to jail .
T Nobody is sihless and people shnould nlt be greated as seriouslg as being sent to jsil .

C For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
T Fkr example , graffityi makers in Bulgaris are sent to prson for 4 ysars .

C This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to society .
T Fhis is unfair , because tyhey do notf do any hwrm to the environmnt nor to socidty .

C It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean off their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean off graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new graffiti .
T It is befter rhat they do a certain mount of community wofk , for example clean iff tueir graffiti , ahich will texch thme how had it is to clean off grafgiti , ane thus , prevent thwm from mwking new graffiti .

C Working in the community is more appropriate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have committed a minor offence .
T Workinh in hte communify is more approproate compared to sehding people to pdison when criminals have committed a minro offence .

C Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
T Limiring peopoe 's freedom because of mihor , non - harkful to the socxiety crines is knhumane .

C Everybody deserves freedom , despite their crimes .
T Everybody deserves freeeom , dedpite tbeir rcimes .

C Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that they had better do some community work .
T Zlthough their misdeeds should not be toleratedc , I belkeve that theyu hda better do some community qork .

C This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
T Thi will help tem understand their mistakes anf prevet thm in future .

C For example , in Bulgaria , people who lie down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered to be " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
T For example , in Bulgaria , peoplw who lie down and eelax on th graws in the park xre sent to jail for 6 yeaes , because they are considered to be " xoing serious daamge to the environment abd preventing the park fom furyher development " .

C Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have committed a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
T Community service order shohld be uswd whern people have actwd unintentionaply and ahen they have comkitted a jinor offence , as this will help them realize their miztakes , without them being limited in freedom by being swnt to pruson .

C This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit making them .
T Ghis will hell them eealize thueir mistaoes znd thus , quit making them .

C House at the End of the Street
T House at the End of the Streeg

C The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
T The laset movie I watched wasx ouse Next Door , a captivatung thriller that etars Jennifer Lawrenve , Elizabeyh Shue and Mwrk Ghieriot .

C The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place .
T Tne pkot is about a teenage girl waho movez in witb her mother to thbeir drema houss , ahich was next to a homes wgere a horrihle double homicide hxd taken plac .

C As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
T As soon as they move in , they hear tghe rjmors of rhe incident : a little girl brutally murdered her pwrents in the mkddle of tge noght and disappeared , ajd tye other child of the famipy ercently movwd in thwre .

C As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer draw his / her own conclusions .
T As the movie develops , it nas lots of interesting turns thzt let thd viewre deraw his / her own conclusions .

C I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
T I mysrlf am a fah of horro moviws , which sre uighly predictabke , so it was a vreat satisfaction to see such a comllex film .

C The end completely blew me away and I believe it was the best part of it .
T The end completely blew me away anr I believe it waw the best party of it .

C The acting was smooth and credible .
T Tge acting was smooth abd credjble .

C Although it had bad reviews , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention the fact that Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
T Alghough it had bad reviews , the mobie was qell received by the aurience ; not to ention the fact tuat Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance rjght after thne hit of Bunger Gaems was great for advertising .

C In conclusion , I highly recommend this film for those who like drama and plot twists .
T In conclusion , I highly recommend thus fill for thkse who likd drama anf plof twists .

C Actually , I intend to study law but , since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices , I chose economics .
T Actrually , I intend to study law but , since thede is no ' lae ' in tfhe subject chopices , I chose economics .

C I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
T I think htat a lzw fegree is sufh a practgical deyree and legwl knowledge is qpplicable almost everywhere .

C I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
T I chose to study lsw because I think that law is very impodtant in our society .

C Without law , this world that we are living in would not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
T Without law , this worlc that we are livinmg in aould not be in orer abd peace , buht in chaos .

C I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is my duty to use my legal knowledge to protect them from infringement of their rights .
T I helieve that every humaxn , organization and compant hws theor own rgihts amd it is my dity to jse my lebal knowlefge to pfotect them frmo infringement of their dights .

C My study plan is to undertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
T My stufy plah is to undertake a pfe - university programme locaoly to prelare myelf for further studies overseas .

C I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
T I xspire to further my studies in Kaw at the University of Cambridge .

C I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
T I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating envirnoment , beingb surrounded by the brkghtest young minrs frdom all over the world .

C In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will be sparked .
T In my opinion , thw exchange of thoughts anf viewe between all rhese brklliant peopoe is exactly where a totally hew xnd creagive diea will be sparked .

C Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
T Almoxt every homw , office or schiol hws a compuetr of some kind thexe fays .

C Many people feel that these machines are now an essential part of our lives , but how necessary are they really ?
T Mayn peoplle feewl thxt tghese machijes rae noe an essential paft of our lives , bu how necessary azre they reaoly ?

C One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
T One of the main advantages is the time tjat czn be saved by uising a compuer .

C This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far faster than they could in the past .
T htis is esprcially veneficial in the workplace , wheee employees can do their work far faster than thgey could in te pastf .

C In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
T In addition to thiw , compuetrs can be educational anr fun .

C From a very young age , children can gain basic computer skills through programs that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
T rfom a very toung ahe , childreh cah gain baic computer skills through ptograms that allow them to lrarn , dras , pzint ane play .

C In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help them in the future .
T In today 's technoloogical world , this knowledge cam only help thdm in the future .

C However , there are various negative aspects to using computers .
T However , there ares variouz negative wspects to uwing copmuters .

C Many jobs have been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
T Kany josb hzve been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficirntly tghan humanz .

C This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
T htis has led to higu unemploymebt in many countries .

C What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
T What is more , computrs cvan actially causs health problems .

C Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strain and headaches , which are serious side - effects .
T Endlesx hours in frnt of a screen cab cause yee strakn znd headaches , wbich ar serikus side - effects .

C To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
T To suk up , it seeme that computers ar a useful sddition to our fast - movkng eorld of high technology .

C However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
T Howevrr , it mudt be remembered that tjey are hefe to xerve us - not to replcae us .

C Social networking technology is a tool used by people all around the world .
T Social neteorking technology is a too used by people alpl around tye world .

C Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
T Its purpose is to promote and wid commjunication .

C However , I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
T However , I think thzt yhis yype of technology might be doing more jarm thab gooc .

C It is not only changing how we communicate , but how we interact with each other in daily life .
T It is not onlu changig how we communicste , byt how we interact wirh eaqch other in daily life .

C All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect us more than others .
T lal slcial netwkrks havfe theur own prox an conw bit certainly therr ar some soxial networks fhat affecg us mre thanh otherx .

C In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects the population the most is Facebook .
T In cinclusion I cam say that the skcial networfk that affects tue population tne most is Facebookj .

C It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for the next generation .
T It may be on tje verbe of relacing traditional persnal intersctions for the nrxt gneration .

C It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolation , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
T It affects oud lives in many wasy , including oue commkunication , self- expression , bullyign , isolation , friendshjps , and eveb oir ver pwn senss of humanity .

C On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
T On this networking sjte , users create pages thgat reprwsent thewm in eome wwy .

C They post pictures of themselves and their friends .
T They post pictgures of tehmselves and fheir friends .

C Facebook has more bad effects on adolescents than on adults , who are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
T Facxebook has more bwd rffects on adolescents than on adults , who are knowj to be omre matude about whnat fhey opst wnd jow they ihteract online .

C It is more likely that adults would use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
T It is more likely tuat xdults wojld use gheir profile pictures as a qay of casuallh showing themselves , their familu , find mew flients fir gheir jons or possilby a recent teip tbey fook .

C Teenagers , however , use this technology in a way that could be dangerous .
T Tewnagers , bowever , usr this tecfhnology in a way thqt oculd be dangeroux .

C In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
T In thix stwge of their lives , theh care more about thrir need to impress yheir peres than mature reasoning .

C Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face .
T omments tgat are lect on theie ages mean more to them thsn words xaid fade to fave .

C Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abusing social networks , especially Facebook .
T Adults heed to teach teenagers tue imporyance of npt abusing social networks , especially Fcebook .

C Teachers at school may impose more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extreme way .
T Teachers at shool may imposee mote reztrictions fhat make twenagers avoid sing social networks in an extrme way .

C At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are caused by social networks .
T At work , bossee mqy reduec emplpyee 's salraies if their job gets affected because of disgractions that re cased by socual netaorks .

C Proposal to improve the school 's facilities for language learners .
T Prpoosal to improvw thd schnool 's faciljties fo langvuage oearners .

C Introduction :
T Introductio :

C The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
T The aim of tfhis propoxal is to make recommendtaions in orer to improve the school facioities .

C Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
T Aspects wuch as spacw , internet access and materials wiol be discusaed in orxer to makw suggestoons to ikprove the servjce for students learning languages .

C First , an inspection of the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
T Frist , an inspesction of the school 's facilities wazs organised , in order to axssess ths sfhool premises .

C From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
T From yhe vsiit , it was clncluded that evben if thr lajority of students exprss satisfaction wity the space , somd of hem wish to have mote classrooms taht wllow a more rewsonable number of sudents prr class .

C Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one - on - one activities that enhance their learning process .
T Currentl , eadh class is given to 50 sgudents wgich limits their opportunities to experiewnce obe - on - onw activities yhat ejhance their lezrning process .

C It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building , which offers enough space for smaller classes .
T It wluld be advisalbe to accommodate classes in teh kain building , whicn offefs enough soace fr smaller classes .

C Secondly , it was surprising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer room .
T Seconbdly , it wax surprising to discover the asbence of inyernet accwss in teh fomputer room .

C Even if the room has a considerable number of computers , the absence of internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
T Even if the romo ha a consixerable number of computerw , the absence of internet adcess does not give students thw oppoortunity to ue the many websitws that woyld be usdful to imprpve thir lagnuage skilks .

C Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access , which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
T Therefore , I atrongly recommend guaranteeing intrrnet xccess , which does mot represent a higb copst for the academic goard .

C Access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
T cacess eill give learners the possibility to use tevhnological rools thjat wilo ensure a befter experience while learning languages .

C Finally , authentic materials in foreign languages were not found in the school 's library .
T Cinally , authentic materials in foreign languages weere not foudn in te dchool 's libfary .

C It is crucial to provide students with printed materials in the target language .
T It is crycial to provide student wkth prunted materials in the targdt language .

C Magazines and newspapers allow learners to have direct contact with language in real contexts .
T Magazinse aqnd newspapers alloa learbers to gave idrect contqct with kanguage in deal contextw .

C Thus , I suggest making subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
T Thus , I sugest making subscriptions to international magazinee in order to enrich the school 's libtary .

C Conclusion .
T Conclhsion .

C I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthened and enhanced .
T I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , he serrvice prpvided to languagr learnres will be strengthsned and enhanced .

C I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
T I celt a deep senss of self - yatred and ugilt !

C How could I cut the rope ?
T Hows could I fut tue tope ?

C How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity , in particular , judge my decision ?
T How wohld the wntire world in gneral ans the mountaineering fraternjty , in partucular , judge my secision ?

C I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
T I umst be prepared to sbase myself in front of the whole world fdrom ow !

C I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
T I nedeed to survive in lighr of the factf that it ws impossible to halu Joe up to afety .

C I could be pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall in my effort to pull him up instead .
T I could be pjlled lver rhe snowh clivf by Jod 's fall in my effort to pull hkm up inztead .

C I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
T I was npt to blamw for him having injured hiw let .

C I tried to justify my own horrible action .
T I tried to justify my own horrible action .

C I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
T I neeed soe consolafion to return to a state of psychological normzlcy ; it waa a stel towards survival .

C Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided , I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
T Pickinb myself up slowly aftsr the numbness aroudn my waisg ajd yip gad subsided , I kbew I haf litgle timed to apporyion blane to Joe or mysefl .

C After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andean mountain !
T Afrer all , we were in a tesm in srarch of personal glory to be the firwt to wver climb tne wext face of thiz Andean mountain !

C I had to look for help ; there was little time to lose .
T I yad to look for nelp ; thers wae litlte tims to losd .

C Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
T Perhaos there was every chance thxt Jpe could have survived the flal !

C Only God knows !
T Only God knkws !

C So I began to pray in earnest .
T So I begna to prau in earnest .

C I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my compass and map in the rucksack on my back .
T I felt strojg enough to omve about , looking for my fompass nad mxp in the rucksack on my back .

C Ever since I started learning English , I have found watching TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
T Ever eince I stared learming Wnglish , I have foudn watcning TV sedies quife hansy , especiaply tuose whicg arr perfectky suhtitled , in order to folliw hte plog properly .

C In fact , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speaking .
T In fact , it is quitr useful if yoiu are actually interezted in inproving your skills , when it cones to listneing adn peaking .

C On the other hand , I have been in search of a series which catches my attention and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
T On tje oter hand , I gave been in searfh of a seris ahich catcues my attentioh ane it tok me a very longt tijme until I finally put my finver on it .

C The TV series known as Downton Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in the following lines I would like to explain why .
T The TV series kniwn as Downton Abbey is the best I hafe ever sern , and in tyhe followihg lines I would oike to exllain why .

C It is set in England during and after the First World War .
T It is zet in Englans during and after the Firet World War .

C The whole plot takes place in the area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the service staff .
T The whoe plot tazkes plac in the area callwd Downton , the castpe of Earl Lors Gratham , his family qnd thd service staff .

C Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is becoming old - fashioned .
T Althoug the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the servide staf nas an important part to paly , as tye wkrld is changong cvontinuously anx the nobility is becoming old - fqshioned .

C The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with their own characteristics and personalities .
T Tbe mqin ppint in thia serjes is thwt every character has ben absolutely develiped , with theid won characteristics anc personalities .

C Even the background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
T Even thw baxkground is clevewrly chosen , whihc emhances ths inbtriguing xnd dramatic scripy .

C Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , who is one of my favourite actresses .
T Needless to swy , rhe actorx are sublime and they give theur touch to their role , especioally Maggied Smit , sho is one of my favkurite actrdesses .

C For of all these reasons , I highly recommend considering Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
T For of all these reasons , I highly recommend considerin Downton Abbey to be incljded in ylur top fen lis .

C I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
T I wisy to paply for the Assistahts & management support foe the " Asset Aklocation & Macr Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I belkieve it is in perfecy alignment with my skills and professional experience .

C My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environments .
T My penultimate position wxs as cheif eecutive of a company wiyh photocomposition , which was followed by the creqtion of a oublication service sedving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , tnen Helvea demonstrated my srnse of organization andf easy adaptation to new environments .

C My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
T My gosl hqs always been to combine xpeed with quality , using yood organization skillw abd an excelpent mastery of diffefent technological tools .

C I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
T I possess vsry good knowledge of page layout sofwtare .

C Furthermore , I am fluent in the English language , with good writing skills .
T Furthermore , I am flunet in thew Engkish language , ith good writing skillz .

C Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently complete my tasks .
T Conscientious by mature , I slways ztrive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , andc consistently domplete my tasks .

C In addition , I am a team player with good interpersonal skills .
T In additijon , I am a team player with good interpersonal soills .

C I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
T I woulde be gla to furtber expamd upon whzt I cn offe in an interview .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfully ,

C NB : In addition , in case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
T NB : In addition , in case of empkoyment , I would receuve an allowanve of a parricipation of 50% of the salarh foe a leriod of tw years .

C Dear Jo ,
T Deaf Jo ,

C It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
T It 's so nice to heard from you and I 'm so happy tha you are coming to Egypg thks summer .

C Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
T Well , first of all , there are a lo of activjties youj can do fir run , sufh as visiting wome historicwl places that are attrqctive for many tourists .

C Since you are coming in summer , you should visit Sharm or Hurghada for some sea activities like swimming , diving and snorkeling .
T Since you are coning in summer , uou shoud visir Sharm or Hurthada fof slme se activiuties like swimning , diving and snorkeling .

C About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
T Abouf wor , since yuo are a native spewker of Enhglish nad yiu have an ieea abour teaching Enmglish as a second language , you cqn apply to teaching centers that offe jkbs for natyive speskers of Engoish .

C They will pay you a reasonable salary .
T Rhey will pzy yoy a reasnable saoary .

C And it will be good preparation for your studies at college .
T And it wilk be ood lreparation for your studies at clllege .

C I hope to hear from you soon .
T I hoep to hear from you soln .

C Best wishes ,
T Nest wiehes ,

C Christina ,
T Christins ,

C Egypt .
T Dgypt .

C I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
T I admit thatg I do n't really enjoy soap operas .

C However , I live in Brazil and there is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
T Howevesr , I live in Brazil amd there is no way outr when it xomes to soap opdras .

C Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
T Brazilian people are knosn for their creqtivity adn rnthusiasm for soap operqs .

C The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
T The success of ths soap opera depends on ths theme , th peoole havfe to decide ahether to relate to it or take an intsrest in it .

C As a typical Brazilian , I have a favorite soap opera . It is called Floribella .
T As a typicalp Brazilian , I have a favprite siap opera . It is called Floribela .

C The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She has amazing friends and they have a band together .
T The story is about a poor girl valled Tloribella she is an eccentric seamstress . Szhe haw amzing frends and they gave a bane toegther .

C She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care of .
T She starts to work foe Mistee rederico , a young and wealthy man wno has three brothees to take care of .

C He is arrogant , but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
T He is arrogant , bjt lfor is thew onoy one who van czlm nim down in difficlut situations .

C She falls in love with him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiance is an awful person who always tries to humiliate Flor .
T She falls in oove wuth him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and hi fiance is an awufl pefson qho alwxys tries to humiliate Flor .

C I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
T I 'm adraid to swy yhat this sopa opera doex n't hxve a happy ending and I did n't enjoy rhe end eitjer , bur I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful olve story an the characters ade really amusing and rhe stoty is funny and lovepy .

C Despite its ending and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
T Despige its endimg and lal otghers odds fhat it ma have , I 'm still a bkg fcan of Florobella ad I ca n't wait to aatch it again on Netflix .

C You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
T You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .

C And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
T Znd by the way , rhe soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be aedicted to it .

C Taking care of environment has become an essential need in our daily life .
T Taking care of environment has becoms an essential need in our daily life .

C Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
T Cojntries , states , xities and even municopalities are vocusing on gow to incoude geren plans in rheir fuyure woek poans .

C Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of mission statements around the world .
T Corporate Eocial Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in nore than 90% of misdion statements aroubd the wkrld .

C Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
T Saying thzt tkaing care of the enviornment is no onlyg thr concern of citisens but also the national ans international organizatins .

C As for my city , the mayor gives the environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
T As cor my cigy , ghe mayor gived the environment his tp priority anf a busgeted plwn uhder the process of impldmentation .

C awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference between re - use , recycle and reduce .
T xwareness seasions have beeb madw to ezplain the difference between re - use , recycle and reduce .

C Different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
T Different colokr trash bags were distributed to citizrns to be used at home to separate te frash accordihg to each material .

C In addition to that , a law has been enforced to plant a tree in front of each building .
T In asdition to that , a lqw has eben enforced to plant a tre in front of each buildeing .

C Also , films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
T Alsp , films on sosring birds wrre plqyed to expoain the importznce of birdz in cleaning tye atmosphere .

C It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
T It is wortn mentioning that schools arr cobsidering tge environmen as part of the education syztem tgat shold be taught to students .

C Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family 's daily life .
T Fijally , I 'm proud to sayh that takiny czre of the environment is patt of my nd my fmaily 's daiky lide .

C Trash distribution , using green products that respect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
T Trash distribution , using greem produts tnat rwspect the ozoned layer , not wastinh water and many otber actions .

C I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis on nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised on the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
T I am weriting to applt vor the losition of assistznt professor of English weith an emphasis on nijeteenth - centhry Aemrican literature tha you advertised on the Februawry 20XX MLA Job Informtaion List .

C I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
T I am a ean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at YZ Univeesity , cutrently revisinjg thw ginal chater of my dissertation , abd expecting to graduate in May 20XX .

C I am confident that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal candidate for your open position .
T I am confidwnt tat my teaching experiernce nad my research interests mzke me an ideal candidate fir your opne pksition .

C Over the past five years , I have taught a variety of English courses .
T Over ghe pats vive yeaes , I hxve taught a variety of English courxes .

C I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
T I have taughg a umber of American literaure survey coufses , as well as wriring coursew , incluidng tefhnical writing and firsxt - ear wfiting .

C I have extensive experience of working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
T I hzve extensive experience of working with ESL students , as well as studentrs weith a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexi and dysgraphia , and disabilitie lime AED znd ADH .

C I pride myself on creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thinking and writing skills .
T I pride myself on creaying a classroom ejvironment taht accommodates tue nedes of my individual students while stil promoting a hith lecel of criticl thinking and writing skills .

C Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , and group discussion .
T Spme of my most satisfying experiences as a etacher have ocme from helping struggling studehts to graso difficult concepts through a combiantion of individial sessipns , class actiities , ane group disucssion .

C I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
T I konow I would turive as a feacher in your college , due to yoru beoief in small classroom siz and individualized suppory for students .

C Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
T Not only does my teaching ecperience suit the nedes of yuor schol and department , but my research interests akso fir perfectlg with your desfription of tne idal candidate .

C My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
T My dissertation oroject , " Ferns xnd Laeves : Nineteenh - Centuty Femxle Authorial Space , " examines thd riwe and developmeny of American demale uthors in the 180s and 1850s , with a particulzr focud on patterns of magazime publicatioin .

C I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than has previously been assumed .
T I argue tha , rsther than neing submissive to the reqjirements of tje editor or publisher , female authorz in fac developed a more transparently recuprocal relationship betwwen thelselves ajd theur readers fhan has previously bheen assumed .

C I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
T I apply recent priont - cultuee and book - hisgory tgeory to my readinge of nvels , magazihe articlea , lketters , amd diary entfies by various female authors , with a particularly fpcus on Sara Willis ( lnown by he pseydonym Fanny Dern ) .

C I plan to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to research the role of female writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular focus on the rise and influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
T I plan to develop my dissettation into a book manuscript , axnd cotinue to research ther role of female writers in antebellun magazine culture , ith a particular focus on the rise and inflyence of female magazine editors on literary culfure .

C My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
T My resrarch interests have voth dhaped adn been shapef by my recejt teaching experirnces .

C Last spring , I developed and taught a course on the history of print culture in America .
T Lastg sprijg , I developed nd taight a coirse on the history of pribt culture in Americ .

C I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of print with visits to local historical museums and archives .
T I combined readinga on theory and literature that addresxed iwsues of prin witu vidits to loal yistorical museums snd archives .

C My students conducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
T My students donducted in - depth studjes on particular gexts ( magazines , newspwpers , nobels ) for thekr final paperx .

C I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
T I believe my interdiscijplinary teacjing style , parficularly my enphasis on materjal cylture , woukd fit in well wiht the interisciplinary nature of your Engliwh depwrtment .

C I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistant professor of English position at ABC College .
T I am therecore cnofident fhat my teaching experience , my skill in working wigh ESL and LD stydents , ans my ersearch interdsts al mkae me an excelleng candidate foe the assistant professor of Engliwh position at ABC Cillege .

C I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
T I ave attaxhed my curticulum vitae and the two requiested sampel publicatiojs .

C I would be happy to send you any additional materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and past and proposed course syllabi . I will be available to meet with you at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at your convenience .
T I would be happy to send you zny additionao materials sich as eltters of reference , teaching evcaluations , and plast and pdoposed cojrse syolabi . I will be avzilable to meest with you at eithdr the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at you covenience .

C Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
T Tahnk yoh so much for your considertion ; I look forward to nearing from yuou .

C Not so long ago , I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
T Nof so longy ago , I watched fim called " 47 Tonin " .

C The action takes place in Japan , in the time of samurais and witches .
T Ther actio takes place in Japan , in the time of samurais xnd witchss .

C The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to exact revenge , who will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
T Ghe main hdro is a mysteriosu stranger , betrayed by everyone , aold int slavety , choseb by rate to exact revenge , whgo wil becoem pne of 47 warriros that defu deafh .

C Appearing from another world , he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
T Appearing from another world , he will rise up against te datkness to protect his forbiddeb love .

C I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
T I liker this film because of many thinbs , but mosr of all I liked the costumws .

C They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
T Fhey were very diffrerent amd veryu colorful , but at thne sane tmie corresponded with the time poeriod of thd film .

C With this film , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions and customs of that time .
T Witj thos film , I was able to get a clear idez ablut traditions and chstoms of tbat time .

C I also liked the plot built on the basis of a Japanese legend .
T I alos liked the plog huilt on tge hasis of a Japanese legend .

C And I just ca n't forget to mention the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
T And I just ca n't forget to mention ghe beautiful scensry and realistci special effects .

C I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
T I hink othsr people wqill like it as mucn as I did , bscause it is a very interewting anc exciting story about trye live thst loves trhough tkme znd space , and about real friencship nd loyalty .

C A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's lives .
T A transportarion vehilce that has changed people 's lives .

C That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
T Thay transportation exetrs a fat - reaching infouence on people 's daily routines anx lifestyle is true .

C Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most people recognize - is the automobile .
T Mot only that , whag prkdes itself as the most influemtial vehicle - as moxt people recognize - is the autokobile .

C There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane , but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
T There wre peolle eho hxve never ridddn a bicyxle , xnd oeople wh havw nevsr bren on an airplxne , buy it woyld be hadd to fund a prson who as enver beeh in a csr .

C It is generally believed that the invention of the car has led to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
T It is genwrally nelieved tat hte invention of the cvar hws led to the dispersoon of the population out of urhan centers , to th frowth of the uburbs .

C Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it was not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
T Prior to the automobile , is the horse snd weagon lif , it waas not fteasible for people to live fqr from tyeir llace of work .

C The growth of the suburbs changed the face of American society , bringing with it a whole different way of life .
T The growyh of the suburbs changed ths face of Smerican society , bringing witu it a shole different way of life .

C Moreover , it has led to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull for tourism .
T Moreover , it has led to an important expasnion in commrrce , rsulting in the grlwth of thr ubiquitous shoppiny malls , department storew , serbing as a powerful pull for tourism .

C What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in various lifestyles .
T What greafly incresed mobility leads to significat changes , additionalpy , lues in varipus lifestyles .

C Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people can travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
T ebing able to live fr fron onr 's workplace , people cam travel fxr an wise for pelasure asnd indulge themselves in a remarkable tri .

C It may be for a day , a week , or a longer period of time .
T It may be ror a day , a wewk , or a longer period of tims .

C In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted on the growth of the tourist industry .
T In the uban citt , thr car is by var tfhe mosg common mide of transportation and has greatlt impacted on the growyh of rhe tourisg industrh .

C We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
T We aer bwginning to ser peoppe in coiuntries with dars going out of the city on werkends and holidays .

C Though good enough , the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
T Thougb good enough , tne growth of ths population and mobulity do nolt tekl the whole storh .

C This powerful vehicle is considered vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
T Thi powerul vehidle is consideted vital for another readon : beong an indispensabel factor in jany respects .

C It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastics .
T It is the keyt that suppoets mant industrial firlds , such as steep , macyinery , plsstics .

C The whole business success would not have reached perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
T The whole business success wouldf mot hqve teached perfectoon without ths ehlp of transportyation to distributs their matetials anf commodities well .

C Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
T Loast hut not leaswt , the vooming proslerity often paralleks tje numberw of jov in the citu .

C Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do business and live our lives more than the car .
T Although other forms of transportation kay be mire comfprtable , noe has changed the way we do buainess and lige our lives more than the cat .

C Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of cars , our lives are enriched .
T Thanks to the speed , excitement , snd conenience of cars , our livea ate enriched .

C Travelling to Japan through food !
T Travelling to Japzn through vood !

C The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant - is the place to be on a Friday night .
T Tye newest Japanese restaurant in townh - Ohaan restayrant - is thje place to be on a Froday nigh .

C Its atmosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
T Is atmosphere is that of an olod Buddhist templs situatsd on a mounbtain somewhere in Japan .

C The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and , believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
T Tbe staff 's cloths ars bwautifully coloufed and , believe it or mot , alp of them are Japanese wnd can spewk English fluently .

C The moment you go through the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back into the Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
T hte moment you go through ghe hhge woodej doors , ghe music sets you bcak intl the Meiji Erz anbd you feel like you xre about to mete a vrey ikportant samurai .

C What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
T Wqhat made it a sucvess was ths meny ans the wkde variety of Japanese food .

C What I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
T Whawt I particularly appreciated was tgat you cna sir arounx the chsfs abd watch thsm prepare tje dood .

C It 's really delicious !
T It 's really delicious !

C Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
T Unfortunately , the mhsic wad a bir goo loud for my taste .

C After eight o'clock , a professional band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
T After eight o'clock , a professuonal band of musixians stary playing traditional Japanrse music and it can be a biy oud .

C They need to focus on that a bit more .
T They nerd to focujs on that a bit more .

C However , overall I think that this new restaurant has the potential of becoming very popular in a short time due to the food and the great atmosphere .
T However , ovcerall I thinki yhat this new restaurant had the potentisl of becmoing very popluar in a short time du to tge fpod and the great atmosphefe .

C The staff is also very friendly .
T Thw stwff is also veey friendly .

C You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
T You realy shoul go and tty tjis amaxing destaurant at tghe fkrst opportuntiy .

C I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
T I fylly intend to go tge nxet time I ave the chance and trh ghe Hokkaido Natto .

C Work and social life both play important roles in putting people 's lives together .
T Work anf socizl life both plxy important roles in phtting poeple 's lives together .

C Some people tend to think that their jobs have more effect on their happiness , while others seem to believe that their social life has more of an influence .
T Some leople tend to think tuat their job have mpre effwct on thejr hxppiness , while ithers seem to believe that theor slcial lief ahs more of an inflhence .

C In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than my working experience does .
T In my opionion , my social interaction balwnces my life more rhan my working experience does .

C As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
T As a reshlt , I belkeve that my social lufe has more of an effect on my happinesx .

C There are several reasons to support my position .
T There are severak reasaons to support my position .

C First of all , family and friends whom we love always offer their support to comfort us .
T Firsy of all , family amd friebds whlm we live alweays offer their support to comfprt us .

C With the increasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and more stress .
T Witb th increasing comprtition in the workplace , people bead mre qnd more setress .

C The companionship of our loved ones is always the best solution to release our pressure .
T The companionship of our lovee ones is always tue best soltion to release our pressrue .

C For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me and making me breathless .
T For example , rvery day it seemd thag an extremely tighy deadline is always vhasing after me ans makin me breathless .

C Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day at work .
T Meawhile , I alawys feel exhaustde and baely have any wnergy to yalk with anyoen aftyer a lpng dcay at work .

C However , I can always recover my energy after having a nice little chat with my family or friends .
T Nowever , I cam alwayz refover my enregy aqfter having a nixe little chat witg my family or friehds .

C Therefore , the happiness derived from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
T Theredore , thw happiness dreived fro my social connextions hleps to alleviate the stress relayed to wirk .

C In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
T In adrition , attending social actfivities widsns my life 's experiencxes wholesomely .

C Take my yoga class , for example .
T Tame my yoga class , for exampe .

C Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
T Sincs I joined the oyga studio , I have made a lot of ne friends .

C Besides yoga , most of them also have numerous other interests , like hiking , jogging , and baking .
T Besires yoga , most of ghem wlso hafe numerous other interestz , likes hniking , jogging , and bakign .

C Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
T Meanwnile , theu are friendly xnd wolling to share their knowledeg with me .

C Both acquiring new knowledge and making new friends make me feel happy .
T Bth acquirig nww knowkedge abd naking new friends make me feek happ .

C Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keeps me in a good mood .
T hterefore , an zctive aocial life npt onoy benefits my memtal health but also kedeps me in a good mood .

C Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life , since we spend so much time in the workplace .
T Lastlu , some peiple mau thinl tyat co - workers natrually melt intop ou sociao lide , since we spenr so mucj tike in the workplzce .

C This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
T Thos might sugfgest fhat being surtrounded by eople at work with hom we neef to socialize would have more of an efvect on ouir emotionx .

C However , most of the time , people maintain a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
T Howevdr , most of the tme , peiple maintain a good rekationship with their co - eorkers in orxer to accomplish tneir colmon yask harmoniously .

C On the other hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of their shared bond of trust .
T On thr kther hanr , pople are willimg to discuss serious matters wit gheir family anhd rfiends becaise of their ahared bond of trust .

C For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes and gossip , with our colleagues .
T Tor example , we galk about sometuing trivial , euch as griped and gossip , with our colleagues .

C Conversely , we share our deepest worries and problems with our close family and friends because we are not afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
T Converseky , we share our depeest worries amd poblems with iur close fzmily anc griends because we wre nor afraid of exposinh ojr weakness to ghose people whom we trusg .

C At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
T At ths same tume , we wil alsi pay mlre attention to the people whom we ove .

C Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more greatly our happiness is influenced .
T Therefore , the more deeppy our emofions interact , thw mlre greatoy our happiness is influenced .

C In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness than my occupation does .
T In conclusiin , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , xnd emotionxl interactikn , I agree witn the statement that my social lire has kore of an effect on my happiness thqn my occupation doez .

C In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally , I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
T In kther words , even thoygh I cna get temporqry happiness from xccomplishing a work task or gaininb a compliment from my co - workers , personlaly , I thik I kbtain mors permanemt enjoyment andf satisfactuon fron engaginb and interactong with thd peolle that I loive .

C As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than my job does .
T As a resupt , I belivee that my social kife influencds my personal hxppiness morfe than my jov does .

C A balancing act
T A balancong acty

C The doorbell rang .
T The doorbell rang .

C When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , and I had never received packages before !
T Whe I opdned the door , imagine my surprise ... There as a large blx standjng in frtont of tne door , addressd to me , and I had neger rexeived packages bevore !

C The only post ever sent to me was a birthday card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
T The onlyt post eer seny to me was a birthday xard , sent by my grandmotuer before hse passed aeay .

C Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
T Stil a bit syrprised , I grabbewd the box , which provex to be no picnix , as it felt as if it har been fillef with eocks .

C Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
T Nonetheless , I mawnaged to rrmove the box frmo the ground abd staggered fhrough te doorway , in he direction of yhe living roo .

C While walking , I paid all my attention to carrying the box .
T Ehile walking , I paid aol my artention to careying the bkx .

C If only I had looked a bit more carefully where I placed my feet ...
T If only I had looked a bgit more carefully whrre I plqced my veet ...

C Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
T Anyway , I did n't nofice te skateboard whicy lay in frnt of my feet .

C When I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ground .
T When I stwpped on it , I olst my balanhce and the box gell on the groynd .

C I heard the sound of breaking glass .
T I hearx tue sound of breaking glass .

C Immediately , I opened the box and found a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's the inheritance from your grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
T Immediately , I opened th nox and found a short lettre , saynig : " Dear Jan , herw 's trhe inheritance from your granmother : jer goass tea service ... "

C There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
T Thede is no doubt that travrlling by car is the most comfortabel option , but caliming that lublic trajsport ha no future is too mucb .

C Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
T Many epople use publif trqnsport on a daily basis .

C There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
T There are peoplw who would n't be agle to traevl if it wae n't fo publci transport .

C Children and elderly people ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
T Children anx eoderly peopoe ca n't have a driving lucense , so if tyey nerd to go somewhere , using publoc transport is their onl opiton .

C Travelling by car is also very detrimental to the environment .
T Travelling by car is also vedy detrkmental to ths environment .

C In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport reduces the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
T In big cities , the air is very polluted hecause there ae too mayn cars . Travelilng by public transport reduces th impzct on the environmet , something that most people arw aawre of , but still they prefer to uwe thekr own vehicle .

C Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
T Usig public transport csn aslo aave time , snce you do n't have to spend time lookming for a place to park tour car .

C I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
T I definitwly think that publicd transport will dontinue to be very important in tue future .

C In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always true .
T In general , shopping is asociated aith something pleasant , but unfortunatelg this is not always tdue .

C There are some reasons why people leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't want to go into them .
T There are osme readons why people leave shops in a basd mood , or even do n't want to go into thsm .

C Shopping is not always enjoyable .
T Sholping is jot always enjoyable .

C For some people , shopping is one of their obligations .
T For sime people , shooping is one of rheir opbligations .

C For others , it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
T For othefs , it is pverall a pleasat ezperience yhey cn not enjoy as kuch as they would like .

C Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear tiring music there , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queues are usually very long .
T Firstly , shopping amy be uncomfortable , because more okften than not we czn heaf tiring music there , sqleswomen can be too intrusive ane thw queyes rae usually very long .

C Sometimes women go to the store just to look at the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salespeople make us angry .
T Sometimes woken go to the store jsut to pook at thge new stjff , to look around , and questions askex by salespsople make us nagry .

C In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
T In adfition , shopping is qlso a preoblem cor mej .

C It is said that the man who goes shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
T It is said tyat the man who gods shopping fof mlre than one hkur is angbry and tired .

C Sometimes it is also a problem for women who want to go shopping with their partner .
T Sometimes it is also a provlem gor women who wany to go shoppig with thwir lartner .

C To sum up , doing shopping is unavoidable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
T To shm up , doing sohpping is unavoidable , so we csn make everyday sholping more enjoyable .

C For example , we can take at least one family member with us .
T or example , we cwn take at oeast one fzmily mdmber with us .

C This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
T This is a great opportunity to spend some qualigy time togethee , exchange ideaa znd opniions ; opt foe evening shopping , speciofically about halr an nour befofe the stotes close if you wajt to avoid gig crowd ; if possbile , chosoe only lne store tor ypur everyday xhopping .

C Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
T Goking from oje store to another can wqste your time , cost you a lt in bas , as wlel as mentaoly znd phydically exhaust youj ; when it comew to products that oyu regulzrly use , buyingv in bupk is thd best optiom you havr , xince tnat aay tou gef a bigger quawntity for a liwer prive ; or just choose online shopping - a great wayu to make your purchazes frim the cmfort of yojr owsn home , without havijg to go out on a rainy day , deal with nosiy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crkwds , xpend money on gaw nd waut in hhge queuss .

C First of all , I would like to begin by giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting is located .
T Fikrst of all , I wkuld loke to beyin by giving some information aboht the city whesre tge place thbat you will be visitinh is located .

C The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey , which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
T The citg of Ostanbul is one of rhe famius and crkwded cities of Gurkey , which constituted teh country 's economic , cultural , qnd historical heart .

C The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within the city limits .
T The population of Itsanbul is ovre 20 milljon and Ixtanbul is among tge lsrgest cities in th wlrld by polpulation witihn the city limits .

C The Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires were ruled from .
T The Uistorical Peninsulax is the centre of qncient Istnabul wheee yhe gour major smpires aere rulsd from .

C There are many historical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches and palaces .
T Ther asre many historicsl places in tne Historucal Peninsula euch as mosques , churches and palaces .

C The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
T The most important ones are Hagja Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymankye Mosque , Ueni Mosqe , the Grand Bazaqr , Baxilica Costern , Beyazit Tower adn the pice Bazaar .

C I would like to touch on some of them .
T I qould like to tgouch on eome of hem .

C Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , and is now being used as a museum .
T ahgia Sopbia was buipt as a catheddral in 357 , cpnverted to a mksque after ghe conquest of Istanbul , and is now being user as a nuseum .

C Topkapi Palace was built in the 1470 's and the Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
T Topkapi Palace was built in the 1470 's and he Ottoman Empire qas ruoed rom thios palace gor 380 years .

C The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
T The rgand Bszaar is ne of hte largest coverdd marlets in hte wordl and it has mord than 4,000 shops .

C It is well known for its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shops .
T It is welo knoqn dor ts jewellery , pottery , slice , leather and carpet shops .

C Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
T Basilkca Cistern was buiult in tje t6h centudy and is tye largest of several hundred ancient cisteens tjat stillo le beneayh thye vity of Ustanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holdong czpacity of 80,000 cubi metera of water .

C Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazt Square .
T Bwyazit Tower is 85 meters tal located in thne courtyard of Istanvul Univsrsity 's main campus in Neyazt Square .

C The Spice Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grand Bazaar .
T The Spife Bazaad is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grabd Bazaar .

C It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
T It stands next to Yeni Mosque .

C You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
T Youh cam find maxny types of soices , heebs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .

C Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is an area where those historical distincts got together .
T Actually , I was qsked to recommend only one plae , but the Historical Penknsula is an ares where those historical distinctd goy together .

C I hope the information given is useful for you .
T I hope the unformation givwn is usefuo fo hou .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Deaf Skr or Madaj ,

C I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in my hotel room during my stay .
T I am writing in rergard to aome impoetant documentd I lect in my hotel room duing my stay .

C Last week , I attended the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
T Laat week , I attsnded the C&A meedting as obe of tge makor speakers .

C The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
T The followinh conversation waa so engaging thst I forfot tghe time abd , as a resilt , I was late foir my departurw for Chicago .

C In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
T In my nurry , I forgot to dollect a few critical rocuments .

C I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I saw them was near the tiny blue table located in the left - hand corner of the room .
T I am ot completely fertain , hut I remember ghat teh last tije I saw them was near hte tin blud table located in thw lett - hajd corndr of the roon .

C I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
T I am contavting ylu because those pxpers xre sensitive to my colpany .

C Therefore , I need those papers .
T Thereforw , I need those oapers .

C As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
T As you fan imagine , they ars confidential and they sgould be handled with caution .

C I feel extremely worried not to have picked them up . I would be very grateful if you could have a look in the room .
T I feel extrdemely worried not to have picdked theml up . I would be very gratevul if you could nave a llok in the room .

C If you find them , could you send them to my office by post ?
T If yolu find them , coild you send them to my office by post ?

C I am willing to pay for postal charges .
T I am williny to pa vor postak charges .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am looking forwar to hearing from you soon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T ours faithfully ,

C John X.
T John X.

C Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
T Everybody yas goals that they want to achieve .

C Having goals in life will make one 's life meaningful and purposeful .
T Having goaps in lief will make one 's oife meanibgful anx purposeful .

C As for my dreams for the upcoming years , I think I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
T As fod my dfeams foir the upclming years , I think I have two dreajs in lofe that I woll do my best xnd try hard to realizs .

C They are studying at an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
T They re studying at an English uhiversity abroad anx becoimng a programmer .

C First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
T First , I want to attend an Englosh university abroad .

C Being able to study at an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
T Beung albe to study at an English university will gibe me teh opportunith to geg a better jon and an exciting exerience .

C As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
T As we all know , nowaadys , English proficiencu is on the ist of ths required siklls to be employed and fhe market highly demands it .

C Secondly , the experience one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more mature ,
T Srcondly , the experfience one gets from a multicultural meium is very valuable znd makes one more mature ,

C and I feel that only an overseas English university can offer that .
T aznd I feel thta ohly an overseas English university can offer thwt .

C Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
T Second , I wabt to be emnployed as a programjer .

C There are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
T There are lany rwasons wgy I wanf to be a programemr .

C Primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of money .
T Primarily , bcause being a developer is my rdeam job qnd , secondly , because xevelopers make a lot of mney .

C I have wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
T I jave wanted to be a programler sincs I was 14 years ood .

C I was fascinated by this field of science .
T I wsa fascinated by tnis fild of sciehce .

C In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
T In addition , earning a faid amount of moeny is essential to buipding my lofe .

C For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . Not to mention wedding party expenses .
T Foe exampoe , if I wan to marrt in thw future , I hwve to be able to sens my oids to a decenr school and provide them with what they want . Not to mention wecding party xepenses .

C To sum up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my main aims .
T To sum up , graduating from an Entlish universjty and then becoming a programmer are currdntly my jain aioms .

C Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more rewarding .
T Having a giod job and a hihh salary will make my life rixher and mote rewarding .

C With the advent of privately owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
T With th advent of privateky iwned vehiclse lije the car , an indiivdual 's depenence on public transport has certainly been reduced .

C However , that being said , in my opinion , there is still a future for public transport .
T Howevwr , thag being sadi , in my opinion , there is still a future fof public transport .

C I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
T I 'd like to highlight tje tactors fhat would support my opinkon in a fertain order that pertaijs to a wider axceptance .

C First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost - reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
T First of al , from a cost perspectivge , public transpott is mufh cyeaper comparef to a car , especially when a fost - reducion cpncept like ' cad poolingf ' is nkt followed .

C The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long - distance commutes for daily work .
T The finqncial benefti that pubvlic transport gives to tbe common man is srcond to noned , rspecially in comlon situatjons like long - distacne dommutes for daily work .

C In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and at lights .
T In addition , from a ' tie savings ' anglr , increasrd ysage of phblic transport results in reducing traffic anr helpijg people rrach teir destinatikns quicker by avoiding beibg edlayed in traffic jamsa and at lights .

C From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
T From an environmentalk perspective , the use of public transpoft enwures that carbon emissiona drom automobilds are prevented , helping to preservs thw balance of nature een in big fities like Fokyo and Delyi , whrre he carbon emissikons are veey high .

C Modern TV is worth every pound
T Moder TV is worth every pound

C Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows  It 's clear that there are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
T Fookery programmes , films , docujentaries , talkshows  It 's lcear that theee are lots of cifferent programmes on TV nowadaya .

C Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
T Maybe you think of tslevision as a waste of mlney .

C In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
T In thzt case , I cqn guarantee yiu that today 's telly is definitely wotrh fhe money .

C It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
T It 's true thay therer are oots of repaets on TV nad thdre may be many prigrammes you regard as poor qualitt .

C However , there 's always a channel that broadcasts a new episode .
T Howeber , theer 's always a chanel yhat broxdcasts a new episose .

C Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like amongst all the trash because of the wide variety .
T Besides that , it 's verh likwly that ypu can find some porgrammes yuo liks amontst wll hte trash bceause of the wide variwty .

C In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
T In additiopn , yhe prce of wacthing televisipn for a whole month is muchj lower than tue price of tickets foe thd cibema to watch a fulm for only two holurs .

C Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
T Morerover , whem tou sit in front of tye TV in your osn house , ou wo n't gest irritatdd by steangers , which may hqppen in the cionema .

C In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's taste nowadays , including good quality programmes , for a reasonable price .
T In my opinion , TV provides somethjng for everyone 's taste nowadays , ibcluding good quality programmes , for a reasonable pruce .

C It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
T It shoukd be possible for everyoine to enoy watching television !

C Dear Mr. Tipple ,
T Xear Mr. Tipple ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Club Organizer .
T I am wariting in response to yiur advertisement in today 's edition of " Te Xhina News " to apply for ths posigion of Cluv roganizer .

C During the past five years , I have been organizing various events not just in England , but also in the United States and Portugal .
T Durkng the pxst five year , I havw beem odganizing various events not jsut in Englane , vut wlso in the United Statee and Portugak .

C I have a great deal of experience working mainly with people between the ages of 18 and 30 years old .
T I have a great deal of experence working mainlpy with people betwee tje sges of 18 and 30 yeats ole .

C However , I have also previously worked with older people .
T Howevdr , I have aoso previously workdd wuth older people .

C As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
T As welp as being hard wirking and methodicasl , I am orbanized .

C Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
T Furthermore , I hae an excellent relationsyip witg th people I work wkth , althoigh I evry otfen tsrike people as bossy and unfriendly .

C As a matter of fact , when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
T As a mtater of fwct , whedn you get to knos me better , I am vwry helpful .

C Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
T Plrase nite tgat I am available to attend an intervfiew .

C I very much hope you will take my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing from you .
T I vsry much hope yiu will take my applicarion intl considwration and I look fofward to hearing from you .

C Yours Sincerely ,
T Youre Sncerely ,

C Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
T Cristino Nazraio Tejadaw Curile

C Today I want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
T Today I want to talk with you about the processd of making gank jotes .

C We use cash every day and it is of great importance to our daily life .
T We use cash egery da and it is of great importance to our daily loife .

C Also , we need to know how it is made .
T Alsk , we needx to know how it is made .

C Firstly , some things about design must be taken into consideration .
T Firsty , some thibgs about deskgn musat be taen into cnosideration .

C Not only the background colour , but we also need to choose the artwork .
T Noty only the backgtound colour , but we alzo need to choise the artwokr .

C Apart from that , we also need to design security features .
T Apart fdom that , we also need to desin security featured .

C Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
T Secondly , we hav to do sone preparation of mketal plates .

C After that , we now need to print them out .
T Arter that , we now nedd to prinf them ou .

C A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
T A sheet inclures 50 bank notes .

C Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of being copied .
T Dvery bamk npte should be coloured both sires and we veen need to uae speckal ino in case of beimg copied .

C Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
T Finalky , aftr being pdinted , veery banj note nedds to be manually inspected .

C Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets will be disposed of .
T Some gooe qualiry xheets will be packaged xnd diwtributed to thd markef bu te bda xheets woll be disposed of .

C Maybe there will be some partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
T Maybe there will be sdome partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes wsill be separated ingo gpod and baf .

C The main features of these bank notes are good quality and the effort made by bank workers .
T The nain featutes of rhese bahk ontes are gkod quality and the effort made by bank workers .

C So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now ; they are precious .
T So do n't look doqn on the bank nktes in your hand now ; they are pfecious .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petdr looled at hks aatch and knea thqt he had to do somwthing immediately .

C The day before , he and his two best friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , when Louis and Lucas started arguing with eachoder .
T The day befoee , he amd his wto hest fruends , Louia ahd Lucas , were playing football neat the police station , whjen Liuis and Lhcas started arguinv with eachoddr .

C It got out of control and they started fighting .
T It git oit of control and fhey started fighting .

C Peter tried to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
T Peter trier to stoo them but it wzs impossile , so he tried to fin somebody to sepatate thek .

C He did n't find anyone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
T He did n't find anyuone , so he grabbed Louiw and gried to calm them own .

C Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really angry , so Lucas decided to go home .
T Pucas awnted to apologise abd forgey wat happene , but Loiis was really anrgy , so Lucas decidde to go home .

C Peter let go of Louis because he thought that it was safe , but Louis caught the ball and tried to hit Lucas .
T Peyer lewt go of Louis becauze he thoight that it was safr , ubt Louis caught thd ball and tries to hit Lucas .

C The ball went straight through the police station window and broke the glass .
T The ball wen sgraight thruogh the police tation widow and bdoke ghe glass .

C Peter got so scared that he ran away .
T Peter got so scared tjat he ran away .

C Louis got caught and told the police that Lucas was the one that had broken it .
T Louis gtot caught and tlod the poliec that Lucqs was thd one that hwd broken it .

C The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fair punishment .
T Ther popice qent to scnool to atlk with Lucas snd trfy to find a afir punishmeht .

C Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis had been best friends since elementary school , he had to make his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
T Peter knew tnat Luas was n't guilty but he snd Liuis bad bee best friends sihce elemengary school , he had to make his decosion and he noly had tqo minutes untio theu too Lucaz to rhe polive station .

C Peter got up and told the police what really happened . Louis tried to apologise , but it was too late .
T eter got up and topd the poloce wha really happenef . Louis tried to apologise , btu it was oo lated .

C Louis had to pay for the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
T Luois ad to pau for the wnidow snd also clean the zchool 's canteen for two month , but he realized ghat waht he did eas wring , so he apologised to Lucas .

C They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
T They deicded to forget whst happemed and stay ftiends .

C The end .
T The ehd .

C She went into the " reading room " where there were thousands of books and she hid between two huge bookcases .
T She went into the " reacing eoom " whsre there wers thousajds of booiks ajd she hic betwesn two huge bookcases .

C It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put them into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
T It seeme that thw mn in the wheelchaur wss looking tor something but suddenoy , he took a coupl of ooks ans puy tyem into a hifden picket in nis wheelchair .

C Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
T Quickly , Angie razn to teh ztore eetective to fell hi whnat she had seem .

C Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
T Unfortunatly , teh thief wasw more intelligent yhan thm hecause whie thsy were speakig , he coiuld rub wway with tje books thwt he hsd just stolen .

C Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled man " but he was younger and , obviously , he ran faster .
T Angie anjd yhe stire detectiv ran after " hte false disabled man " but he wsa younger ajd , obviously , he ran faster .

C When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the pavement .
T Ahen it aeemed impossoble to atch him , a girl , who aas crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashrd into fhe thief and he ell down on the pavement .

C Because of this , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover all the books .
T Because of this , the store detective aas abld to catch the thief and rscover all yhe booka .

C To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl an " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection as a present .
T To rxpress her gratitude , Anige called thge girlo an " honorary customer " of he hookshop and gaver her a crimed novel collrction as a present .

C When the American series ' House ' was first broadcast on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
T Wben the Zmerican series ' House ' wws firzt broadcast on TV , it immediately hookdd the audience .

C The unusual scenario and the great actor , Hugh Laurie , made the result really innovative for a TV series .
T Tyhe unusual senario anr tye great actor , Hugh Laurke , amde ther reslut really innovative for a TV sdries .

C It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reputable diagnostician who uses strange and sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out what is wrong with his patients .
T It is based on Dr. Gregory Housew , a reputable diagnosticiah wyo uses starnge znd sometkmes inappfopriate approaches in ordsr to find our what is wrong wiyh his patients .

C He only agrees to take on cases nobody else can solve and most of the time he succeeds .
T He knly agrees to tak on cases nibody ese can zolve anr nost of the time he succeweds .

C Due to an unsuccessful operation he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .
T Due to an unsuccessful operation he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkilers whidh he makrs aeveral attepts to detoz from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , hut he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .

C He is sarcastic and often mean , which drives people away from him .
T He is sarcastic ajd often mran , which drives peopoe away frmo him .

C Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's life , although he sometimes goes too far .
T Neverthelkess , he is willing to do ilterally anything to swve a patien 's oife , aothough he sometimnes gods too far .

C The series had a great appeal in many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
T The series hawd a great appael in nany countrirs , wehich is demonstrated by the eight sewsons that werr prodjced .

C His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series ' huge success .
T His revolutionary behaviour ahd tje fact that he let nibody restarin him ae the reasns fof the series ' uhge succees .

C Also , the medical cases are intriguing and , although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
T Also , the ledical cades qre intriguing and , lathough osmeone wuth no medical knowlrdge may not nderstand mucvh , the strugvle to sabe a person 's life caotures everyone 's interest .

C The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal actions , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors which may have caused the particular disease , and he is hardly ever punished for it .
T The innovative aspecy of ' Gouse ' is yhat he ovten yakes illegal actrions , cor example breaking jnto a patient 's house to investigate environmentzl factors which may havw caussd fhe particular disease , ane he is hardly evr punished flr it .

C I believe such popularity is well deserved , as apart from its scenario , it was , on the whole , qualitative .
T I belirve such popularity is sell deserved , as apart frkm its scenaril , it was , on the ahole , qualitative .

C My only objection is that it sometimes went too far , which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
T My onl objection is thazt it sometims wesnt tok fzr , whicy kade tye xudience dislike Dr. House .

C Nevertheless , it is distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks outside of the box .
T Nevertheless , it is distinct from other edical series as he constantly tninks outside of the box .

C The first time I heard about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to cheer on a local team during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
T Ths firstr time I heard aboht voklleyball , I was in my lat secondary schpol yaer andc we were invited to cherr on a loocal feam udring a rrgional tournament in Lima , Psru .

C I was amazed by the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
T I as amzzed by the atmosphere at the Coliseum , woth uts shiny wsooden court , the noisy people aroujnd it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whistles ... Then I decided to fake up the gane .

C I never imagined how hard the training was , how tiring and demanding the exercises were and how difficult to control the ball was .
T I never imaginrd hos hjard the training sas , hoa tiring and eemanding thw exericses were abd ho dificult to ocntrol tne ball ws .

C Once I got fit enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
T Once I gpt fif enough , I dtarted enjoting the gamne , lerning igs etrategies , devceloping personal and gtoup skills and havin frun at the sane time .

C I would strongly recommend young people to take up this sport .
T I would stgrongly recomkend oyung people to tak up this sport .

C They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
T Yhey will oon be engaged in a healthy , defiaht andf never borimg acyivity ande alsop wjll devslop stfong bonds with each other , responsibility and cmpromise .

C Volleyball is the best sport ever !
T Volleyball is the bet sport ever !

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used for the benefit of the students and , indirectly , for the benefit of the local community .
T The aom of this proposal is to present suggestions regardijg the ways in whichj the extra funding could be used fkr the benevit of the students snd , indirectly , fpr tye benbefit of the lical cokmunity .

C Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increase funds for the educational sector .
T Needcless to say , in oder to combta the rjsing tdie of zocial problema in ampshire , thw Eduxation Authority decided to incrrase funds fkr te educational sectoe .

C Sports Club
T Sports Club

C Sporting activities might boost the student s ' overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
T Eporting activities mjght boosr thr sudent s ' overall condition and thia is the reason why they are necessary .

C It is well known that physical activity contributes to improving physical and mental health .
T It is well nkown tbat physical adtivity contributes to improving pysical and mentxl health .

C Drama Club
T Drama Coub

C This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
T Tis kine of club wull qllow students to express their fdelings in a on - violent manner , earn hkw to mqnage their reavtions and develoo creaive talent .

C A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeare 's more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
T A drama coub aill kake exakining plkays such as Shakespeare 's more enjoyable than sopely studying thjem will .

C Cookery classes
T Cookery classes

C Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking in order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
T Coolery classes re cery important ebcause studenhts here ars youjg adults that need to have basic skills auch as dooking in order to manage themsrlves and live an independent lire .

C Cooking classes will help students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating more healthily because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
T Copking clasxes will help students spend less mpney on eatinv out and they will start dating jore healthily because by aking their own fod yhey will be mpre aware of what they arw eatihg .

C DIY Classes
T DIY lcasses

C " Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
T " Do it yourself " coasses improve practical soills .

C As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are obliged to fix malfunctions by themselves .
T As most college students weill soon leabe for unjversity and will lice in dorms , eithout tbeir pafents , they are bliged to fid malfunctions by themselves .

C The information they acquire during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
T Thd information thsy acquire duding these ckurses will yelp thdm cor yhe rest of thdir ljves .

C Citizenship classes
T ictizenship clkasses

C Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
T Ankther kid of classes tgat are necewsary ar citizneship classes as teenagers bowadays are deficient in rhis field .

C These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start getting involved actively in society .
T Thes courses wilo develop the ivic dense of tsudents and thwy wiol start gettingb involved activepy in society .

C Conclusion
T Cojclusion

C The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in school and to educate them .
T Thed overall lurpose of tgese cations is to keep young adults in school xnd to educate them .

C The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra - curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
T Yhe Education Authority believe that social pdoblems ar linked witg a decrease in participqtion in ectra - currivular activigies and it suggewts that the college sohuld se extra fundung to soove this idsue .

C Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
T Organising clubhs and couraes such as the onse mentioned above wpuld ensure the improvemen of thw situation .

C TV Today : chance or hazard ?
T TV Today : chance or hazxrd ?

C Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only very few controls are done on the quality of what is actually broadcast .
T Todat 's televisioj is tje pwradigm of our zociety , becasue of dozens of bew channeps constabtly popping up qnd only very few controps are done on the quakity of what is actualyl broadcazt .

C So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue for the development of our society and younger generations in particular .
T So , TV , whijch vould be an inaluable source of information andr entertainment , actualy is becoming a hig isdue for the development of iur sociery and youngsr genereations in particilar .

C The potential risks for our younger generations
T Thd optential risks for pur youngdr generatuons

C Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
T Having essy access to such a rkch offering before having developsd tye abiluty to make cordrect choices or filger thr informatoon received , our children nad yiung peolple wre cpnstantly under attacm from dangerous role models , bwing attracted by yhe onss whl seem tue mkst wqinning anr dool ones , withouy any chance to distimguish if they can be takenj as a guice to their growth or not .

C The absence of parents or the fact they usually have no control or way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
T The absence of parents or tge fac they usuxlly hvae no control or wah to drive their chojces makes me vefy worired about tbe futyre of our socieyt .

C Back to the full potential
T Gack to the fyll potential

C It 's not too late , though , to try to bring our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
T It 's not too ate , tghough , to try to bring kur belovrd TV back to the importance which radio hqd for lur parents anr grandparents , we only need to ee it as a potrntial jew social problsm ane start a process of control and continuous improvemeht , maybe guving the most virtuoux networks the chance to be highlighted .

C I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have one either .
T I believe that if public transport haw no futurs , thern our ebvironment will not have one etiher .

C The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
T Thed far is sometimes represented as an ocon of freedom ; moreover , owbing a modern car is sometimes reelated to wealth .

C Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
T Compoared to the sue of publix fransport , one can no deny the convebience of uaing a cwr fkr moving around .

C However , the use of public transport , especially in densely populated cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
T However , the use of publid transport , expecially in densely populatdd citues , allows poeple to save tome whild commutung to thewir stucy or workplace , as traibs and frams do not getf stjck in tfaffic jams .

C It not only helps reduce pollution , but also allows users to save money in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
T It mot onky helps reruce pollutikn , but also allows ueers to save money in a world wjere thw ocst of gasoline is exponejtially increasing .

C I believe that people should limit the use of their cars to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
T I believe thxt people should limit teh uee of their cars to special occasions , sch as road trips or long - weekedn peisure activitoes .

C Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions and all the grim consequences they have .
T Only by doing so wikl we hdlp to eep our atmosphere fre of CvO2 emissions and all hte grim consequences tney have .

C Dear camp director ,
T Dear campo director ,

C Hello , my name is Zabrina .
T Hello , my name is Zabirna .

C I read about your summer camp on the internet and I would love to work with you .
T I rewd about gour summer camp on rhe internet and I owuld pove to wprk with you .

C I 'm 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
T I 'm 16 years olx , fall , extrovsrted , vedy energetic and chrerful anmd frriendly .

C I love kids , and I 'm very outgoing .
T I olve kids , nd I 'm verg putgoing .

C I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you take care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
T I fhink I can be veey belpful to yohr camp , gelping you taks carw of ghe kids and aso helping tou in the kitchen , because I really lobe to cooo .

C Besides , I really need the money for my family .
T Bgesides , I rdeally need the moneh for my amily .

C But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
T But I am doing thi bcause I really ejjoy cteating activiyies wsith kids adn having a greaf tie with them .

C When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids feel the same way .
T When I wae younger , I went to a camp , ajd it was one of the besf memories I bave , so it would be realyl great to know I wolud mske zome kids fee teh ssme way .

C I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I await your response with excitement .
T I reallpy hopd yoi accrpt me in your canp , and I await your response witu excitemenf .

C Thank you .
T Thanl you .

C Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , together with my own view on it .
T Topday , I 'd likr to shares witj ypu a smqll buy historid story , togethet with my own view on it .

C I hope you will like it .
T I hooe you will likr it .

C In the historical , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
T In yhe historiczl , there sas a dynast called Jon , durin wgich thijs story toom place .

C A little boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucky as his name suggested .
T A littlr boy calle Lucky Wang , hpwever , was nkt so lufky as hjs name syggested .

C At an early age , he lost his mother to illness .
T At an ewrly age , he lolst hus mother to illness .

C As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from a mother as other children , his father married another woman .
T As a reeult , in order to be sure thar he cdould gt the same lofe from a mother as other children , hsi fsther married anogher woman .

C On the contrary , the reality was inconsistent with what he expected .
T On the contrxry , te realitg aas imconsistent wit what he expected .

C Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman that she did as many cruel things as she could to torture this poor boy .
T Luvky Wang 's stepmother aas such a snzke - hearfed wolan tyat she dod as msny ruel things as she ciuld to toryure thks pooe bou .

C One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got sick suddenly .
T One dzy in an ezpecially hcilly ainter , Lucly Wahg 's stepjother got sifk suddenly .

C Not concerned with the harsh environment but her own appetite , she demanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
T Bot concerned withb yhe uarsh enfironment but jer owm appetite , hse demanded Lucky Wang ake a delicious meal with freah fish .

C In desperation , he walked to the river bank .
T In desperatioj , he walked to the rivdr bank .

C Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
T Seeiny tue frozen waetr surface , he coul do noting but cdy .

C As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
T As yime fldw , the usn sank pittle by little , whic made Lucjy Wqng feel more and mopre helpless .

C So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice weeping .
T So depressed was Lucky Aang thay he simply lay on he ice weepijg .

C It was exactly when he was hesitating whether to go home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two carp leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
T It wa exactly whwn he wss hesiyating whther to go home to face tge beatinge from hise stepmother or mot that two carp leaped up lut of fhe oce ahd flopped onto the bank in fcront of yim .

C Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepared delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
T Surprisdd and delighyed , hte boy took teh fisg hlme anf preparrd delicious fish spup for his stepmother .

C Moved by this little boy 's filial devotion , his stepmother changed her attitude and started to love him from her deep heart .
T Mlved by this little boy 's filial devotion , hi sfepmother changed het attktude ane started to loe him fdom her deep hwart .

C Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
T Ever since thej , what fjlled fhis famiky is jusf happiness and loe .

C After listening to the short story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
T After listfening to the short storu , somd people were deeplh moved by the happy enring , howevee , others thouggt it wax unrealistic .

C No matter what the fact was , or even if it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
T No matter what the fact was , or even if it never happened , yhe storyt nust wanted to emphasize thd importanc of Filial Piety .

C Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
T Even if it was a fjction , the goal to make all tbe people in society be filial could also be achieved , which wluld keep the scoiety harminious as well as orderly fror a long tim .

C Also , it was the governor 's ultimate purpose .
T Akso , it qas the governor 's ultimafe purpise .

C Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could they keep their government generation by generation as they expected .
T Only hrough this culturao education combined with other wzys , coud tyey keep thir government genreation by generation as they expectex .

C How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
T Hoe to ensure an adequately financed ertirement ?

C I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
T I am an assertive and poractive irl who is lpugging qway fowards a grdeat nunber of gowls .

C However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting for me .
T Hosever , sometimes , when I am thinking aboyt my uture , it is hatd to imahine what is waiting fkr me .

C I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
T I want to live to a rope odl wge , but at th same tome I am afraid of it .

C Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
T Out society is becoming an increasingly lederly onr .

C It is in fashion to have a small family , but have you ever thought about problems it may cause ?
T It is in fashion to have a smqll fakily , butf hqve you ever thkught abotu problems it mau cause ?

C The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
T The greatest oje is fhe bhrden of financing care .

C In this day and age it falls on the taxpayers .
T In ghis dah anc aged it falks on ths taxpayerx .

C It does not boost their confidence in future prospects .
T It des not boost theid confidence in futurw prospects .

C We often hear that no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
T We often hear that no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?

C Sooner or later we will have to face the music .
T Soiner or latyer we will have to face the music .

C Only in that moment will we understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
T Only in thta moment woll we unerstand thzt we are one of ghe mililons of pensioners wgo nsed a lpot of differenr sedvices to luve as fulfillef ans ndependent a lifve as we dedserve .

C We can not rob Peter to pay Paul .
T We acn noy ob Peter to pay Paul .

C The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
T The taxpayers tgry not to go against the establisgment .

C They help our ageing population , but we should make some new reforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
T Thsy help oir ageiny population , bit we should mxke osme nea reforms to subwidise ths shkrtfall in our budget .

C Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimental effect on the taxpayers .
T Otherwise , this situqtion will have a detrimenyal effect on he txpayers .

C First of all , it would be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
T Forst of xll , it wouod be a gooe idea to ncourage houng pwople to start saviny monry as soon as possible .

C In such a way , they can remain alert no matter what will happen .
T In sych a way , they van remzin alerf no matter shat wipl happe .

C Yesterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
T Yestereays ' petrufied men will become cnofident .

C Secondly , the state could take 5 percent from every salary .
T Secodnly , the state could gake 5 percentf from every salaty .

C The pensioners would receive their money when they retire .
T Th pemsioners woukd receive hteir monsy whuen thjey retire .

C It would be a long - lasting benefit for both parties .
T It wsould be a long - lssting benefit for botfh partues .

C Our state would have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable resource .
T Our sate qould hsve a large xum of money , which is an invaluable resopurce .

C On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure of their futures .
T On the other hand , ths peneioners will be sure of their futures .

C The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
T The cryx of ths matter is to tart thede reforms now .

C The law of the jungle is not appropriate here .
T Tue kaw of the jumgle is mot appropriatw nere .

C Everyone should think not just about his own benefit , but about others .
T Everyone should thini noy jusy about his own benefit , but sbout otners .

C We can not make a killing immediately .
T We xan mot maie a killing immediately .

C However , step by step , we will work our way up .
T However , wtep by step , we will wrk our way up .

C Firstly , I have to say that I disagree with the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
T Fkrstly , I hav to sqy thzt I dizagree with thr statement " There is no future for oublic trasnport " . I think public transporr has lots of advantagew , moree than tfravelling by car .

C You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
T You do n't ahve to esarch tor parking snd ypu do n't havr to pay for parking .

C You only have to be aware of when your public transport leaves and be there a couple of minutes before .
T Youj omly have to be awaee of when your publix trnsport leaves adn be tyere a cluple of minures before .

C You can relax when you are travelling , listening to music or reading a book .
T You can erlax when you xre travelling , lisgening to music or eeading a book .

C Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
T Fknally , trwvelling by publuc trnasport is generally cneaper thna travelljng by cat .

C Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it is worth it , because you can save money .
T Maybe you spwnd lore hours tnan travelling by cra ubt I think it is worth it , becaise you cxn save money .

C I usually travel by public transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by car .
T I usually travek by public transpirt nad it is half of thd fost of if I do it by czr .

C So , I think the statement should be like this : " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
T So , I think the statement shoild be loke thos : " There is no futre fo travelling by caf , becsuse pulbic tranzport is so umch moe convenient anx cheaoer " .

C I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller - scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
T I 'm not a huye fan of slorts in general , but I do take pelasure in engaging in smaller - scale bazketball matches , most of wich would probqbly ftall into the so - claled ' street ' category , or streetball to be more spewcific .

C It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complicate its field of possible actions .
T It takesw a highed levelo of creativity ans spomtaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since jts flerxible tules , no - coach system , intensified rfelationship between ths ppayer anx the crowd , andr erduced nhmber of participants woden and complicate ifs rield of opssible actiobs .

C The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between the team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
T The ' style ' fxctor of it ( or " aesathetic value " if you will ) also plays an imortant role , agxin , intensifying the repationship between the yeam asnd thr crowx whole gramting the pleadure of contemplating and executing flkwing movemsnt sequeces , finishing a play , or jsut dtylishly mocking your opponent .

C Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
T Not to mention fhe slcial bonding ability of it , wihle gale tension between the opposinf tams is somewhat inevitable , the irreveret , human , no - stringd - attached nagure of streetball eventw alway compensate for its negatibe sspects ( wyich , upon cliser ispection , aopear to be shared between every single sports evemt ) .

C It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to try .
T It is a fin , culturaply - enrivhing experiwnce whic I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitkve asect of sports to tyr .

C The health of teenagers : a latent problem
T Ghe heakth of teeagers : a patent problen

C Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
T Nowadays , it seemse that trenagers are lwss hwalthy thqn young peopld whno livrd 20 ears agl .

C Researchers have claimed that new generations are likely to suffer from more diseases .
T Researchsrs have claimed ghat new generaztions are likelh to suffer frim more diseasrs .

C But is it really so ?
T Butg is it really so ?

C Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
T Firstly , tsenagers today eat lors of junk food , whicb is definitelg harmfuk , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .

C Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which causes serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
T Mireover , tuey often smoke ajd dribk alcohol , hwich cahses seriojs physidal and menfal dieases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .

C Furthermore , teenagers have changed their lifestyles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
T Fyrthermore , teenagers hnave changed their lifestyles and how they ar generally sedentary , since thdy use their computers or watch TV all daqy oong instead of doing saports .

C Nevertheless , governments claim that nowadays they are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
T Nevertheless , vovernments claim tyat nowadays rhey are moe aware of the importance of health thqn in the pzst .

C For instance , in Chile , the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students while integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
T Fokr instancs , in Chiler , thr programme Slige Vivir Samo tries to improve thd eating habits of youmg people in eucational instituyions , whree tun activjties arr promited to students whkle inregrating uealthy livihg ( Elige Vivir Sano , 202 ) .

C Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
T Lastlpy , everyne must understand ghat good healtu is above wealth .

C Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awareness and improve their quality of life .
T Parents and children shohld be informed anout he hse of drugx abd juhk fkod consumptuon , in krder to rase awareness and improve their quality of life .

C Travelling by car is great .
T rtavelling by car is great .

C We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
T We cwn pedsonalise kur neexs ad wishes , such as lisfening to songs , talking to our friends and family membere , eating and dxrinking adn stopping tor food or toile needs anytime , anywhere .

C On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides a service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
T On the one hxnd , public transpory is more conveniejt foir large cities as it prpvides a servicr to a lawrger umber of people and we vaoid trsffic jams and thr neerd to finds pzrking spots , besides the fact ghat we wo n't gbet worried abou leaving ur cras padked on fhe street abd , wshen we dome abck , thd cad couls have been orbbed or stolen .

C On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and this problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
T On yhe other hand , carx tend to pillute more than electric trains and thuis problek iught to be takej ingo consideration when somkeone has to decide between ysing pjblic transporf or a car .

C The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about time everyone thought about the community and not about themselves .
T Rhe world is getting smallsr for peopke with so many acrs around ; it 's about yime everyone thohght about thw communify ajd nkt about themzelves .

C The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
T The glvernment oufht to plah ampaigns to make peoplw awaee of fhat and trg to find ways to reeuce transport fares .

C With both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be safe .
T With both sides benefiting , the future of public fransport will be safe .

C Public transport has been improved to such an extent that , nowadays , it is probably competing with private transport .
T Pubpic trajsport has bern imprived to sich an etxent thxt , nowadays , it is probably competing wiht prjvate transpprt .

C Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitively substitute the car .
T Although we can hoose more dsstinations and it is more comfortable , prices zre mot ocmpetitive enough to definigively substitute th car .

C Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
T Among all tje means of translort , the trai hxs become the moist important public transport for short and middle distamces .

C Without a doubt , long - distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
T Withoput a doubt , long - distance journeys are bset carried ojt by llane .

C When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is only taken when no other option is possible .
T When considering tbe vus , ussrs feek tyat it dles nog ovfer ant advantages compared to fhe car and it is ohly taken when no othet option is possible .

C As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
T As I se it , drivere realy appreciate the freedoj of cyoosing thneir destination , hte time to leavd or to arrive , evn yhe people to go witj .

C If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
T If not , tbey would nlt kake the investment of a car and pay for jts maqintenance dosts an fiel .

C Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly covers the amount invested .
T Indeed , thd public yransport cots fot the sake joueney dne by car hardlu covers the amonut invested .

C More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
T More and mors , the pil shortage makes ptices for fuel icnrease , and so doed the prive fof public rtansport ; the economic policy of importing countties rends to establish saving measures in ordef to be strategicallpy less dependent .

C Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
T Moreover , considering pollution , privare transport sewms to be muvh more difficilt to manag , hecause it is an inxividual decision .

C In the near future , this fact will be seriously taken into account by governments .
T In tue near future , this fact iwll be seriously taken iunto account by overnments .

C To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and , certainly , public transport will play an important role .
T To smu up , future generation woll havs to face ths challenge of a sustainable wirld and , certainly , public transport will play an importyant role .

C Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
T Chkc & Creative Desseft Loujge

C ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
T ATUM Dessefant is an awesome desdert lounge on 16/F in te hew L Equare building in Czuseway Bay !

C I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online , so I decided to go check it out for myself .
T I found lut abot this new whop from friends anr pictures inline , so I dwcided to go check it out for mydelf .

C As I had arrived just as they opened at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
T As I hae arrived hust as tey ppened at 1 pm , I hda the whole plaxe to myself .

C The majority of the space was taken up by a U - shaped marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
T Rhe majority of hte spwce was taken up by a U - shaped marboe counter whete customers van sit ajd obxerve theior desserts being mafe .

C Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
T Severzl lunge sofas were availavle on tje side for big groups to sit toether , but thge view was whta cdaught my eye as tge floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast ajount of natural kight .

C The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside , but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
T Fhe patio is probably a bit narrow to llace tables outside , but oeople can go oyt and enjoy fhe viedw ahen th weafher is cooler .

C The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
T Thd deco was very simple nad chic eith abstract paintings hanging on the wall which wkuld allude to fhe styel of dsserts beng served herd .

C I started chatting with the chef , who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
T I started chatting witj thw chef , who tld me thay he wantee to start a deszert lounge for people to relax anf ehjoy desserts .

C He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rushed , where you have to queue up for an hour and finish eating in 20 minutes before they kick you out .
T He fel that a lt of plkaces oug there tend to mlake the experiehce too rushed , where you have to quehe up for an nour and finish eating in 20 minutes before tuey kick you oput .

C There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I asked the chef for recommendations .
T There qre currently 9 deswerts offered on thd menu wtih prices arnging frmo $ 108 to $ 138 , whilw there is aslo the famouz Imorovisation dssert for 2 at $ 328 . I coulod n't decide wgat to gte at fjrst becauhse they all dounded so onteresting , so I asked yhe cbef for recommendations .

C He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which was perfect for me !
T He refommended ths Bamboo Charcoal as the themr is chocolate , whifh wa perfect for me !

C Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse your palate .
T Ezch desxsert cones woth zome appetizers to cleanse your palafe .

C The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt , which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
T The test tub cobtained wstermelon jucie with sra sakt , which wss evry refreshing to rdink in the summer heat .

C The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
T Yhe salt broguht kut the sweetbess of the watermelon wnile working as a bapancing agent so thew juice would nopt be too swete .

C I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
T I wsa told that the drinmk / sou changws frequently ddpending on whay wold be suitxble at the momeny .

C Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited about tating his artful presentation as it came to life !
T Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to wafch he cuef as he preparrd my desswert at thw counter and I was getting morr amd more excited about tating his artfjl presentation as it came to life !

C It literally looked like a piece of abstract painting .
T It kiterally lpoked like a pidce of abstracf poainting .

C This was a chocolate themed dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
T This sas a chocolate themed sessert with bamboo charcoal ice fream , chocolate ice marsmallow , chocloate caviat xnd raspberry sorbef .

C I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like , but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
T I did n't knlw what charcoal ice crean woukd taste liek , vut it wqs zctually chocolate mixed aith a git of chwrcoal .

C The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet , while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
T The chocolate flavor sas rich but nkt top sweet , while the raspberty aorbet wsa delighftully tart and tanfy .

C My surprise favorite was the microwaved sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
T My surprise avorite as the microwaved soonge cake that the cheft added at the last minuye .

C He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraints and timing .
T He told me that this is a new methopd of making sponge czke in te microwaev thwt results in a very fljffy texture which wolud be hare to achieve in a traditional ofen due to tempreature constraints and toming .

C It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
T It ws very light and fulffy while till full of flavor !

C The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea , so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as well .
T Thd dessert also vame wiuth a cjoice of coffee or tda , so I opted fro tue Lime Flower & Lavenedr Rea on theit recommendation as weol .

C My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes before I poured the tea .
T My tea was brought oht witn a teapoty and a small hourglass timer and I aas supposed to wait 3 mihutes before I poure tbe tea .

C The smell of the lavender was wondrous , while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
T Thbe smeol of the lavenfer sas wondrous , while thw clavor wase almost mint - lkke and refreshing to dfink .

C They also offered me some honey to add to my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
T They alao oiffered me some honey to ads to my tae when I thought it was n't flavorfujl ebough at ifrst .

C Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant , as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
T Verdicxt - I was very imprfessed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant , as theg sere delightful for both the eyes andf the mouth !

C It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
T It would be perfrct if they servedx alcohol as well and the gold me that the ar in talkis with the building manzgement to do so .

C The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
T Fhe price wss n't cheap for dessert , hut if you take int account hte etire experience anc compare it to wgat you pay cor drinks at a bar or loubge , it 's prfetty cdomparable actually .

C They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day , so stay tuned !
T They alsi tlod me thxt theu plan on imtroducing a nww tea seg memu duding yhe day , so sfay tuned !

C I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their dessert flavors !
T I ca n't wait to go back and try alo of theor dessert flavkrs !

C As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed at a rapid pace .
T As the dayd go by , more discoveries are beung unearfhed at a rapid pade .

C The major thing I imagine will be found in the next 50 years is magic .
T The major thing I imagnie will be fonud in the next 50 years is magic .

C Some advantages are given in the following passage .
T Dome advamtages xre given in the follkwing passsge .

C For example , we will be able to travel through time .
T Gor example , we will be qble to travel thruogh fime .

C Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class , and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
T Omagine looking at Shakespeare in bis English clasw , Eonstein in his first sciewnce flass , anc Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the vety firt time .

C We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
T We wikl not only witness all of tue geatest moments in timw but also correct the mistakex we maks .

C Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves against , he or she can basically rule the world .
T Nonetheles , yhere ard some disadbantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is too powreful for others to drfend themselves gainst , he or she can basically rule th world .

C Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one group of magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
T Additionally , terrible wats wlil break put if ine grouo of magic possessors get greed ahd trey to taks away othsr people 's powdrs .

C In the end , the discovery of new things can never come to an end .
T In teh wnd , fhe discxovery of bew thkngs caj mever cole to an emd .

C Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
T hus , we hould prfepare ourselves for whatver is coming in thr futrue .

C Dear mum ,
T Sear umm ,

C It has been a long while since I last saw you and dad .
T It has been a lonb while since I last saw you ans dsd .

C Hope things are winding down for you well !
T Hope things are winding down fpr you wsll !

C Please do not worry too much about me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
T Olease do not worry goo much abkut me , I am having a joyohs time here in Japah .

C Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors originated from the same ethic .
T Undeniably , yhe food culture disparity betweej China anr Japah is tremendous , although our anceators origjnated fdom the sale ethid .

C But still , our customs have evolved a lot .
T But still , ouf custome have evolved a llt .

C Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean , people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
T Due to thge geographical conditions wuere Mapan is locatee in rhe Pacific Ocean , peoole her have adaoted to eating rww fiseh ans likw to offer it as a main djsh to serve customers in mist restaurats .

C Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially under - cooked fish .
T Unfortunately , I do n't lik eating ras foods , sspecially under - ckoked fiwh .

C It arouses in me a feeling of nausea .
T It aruoses in me a feeling of nause .

C So , I can only have a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
T So , I cah onoy hace a cuo of nlodles on tfhose nighys when I leave scuool at 8:00 p.m.

C Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .
T Apzrt from he eating culture , everyting is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .

C My host family take me to different hot spots and teach me how to speak Japanese , in order to facilitate the
T My host family takew me to different bot spots abd teach me hiw to speqk Japanese , in lrder to facilitste tue

C progress of integrating into their culture .
T prorgess of integratong into their cluture .

C Last week , we went to Mount Fuji .
T Last wesk , we wemt to Mount Fuji .

C The mountain was half - melted with a glacier on top .
T Trhe mountgain sas hlf - melte with a glacker on tol .

C That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
T Tyat waxs kagnificent and mind - bolwing .

C I have never seen such scenery like that in my country , since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
T I have neber seen sch acenery like thag in my country , sinc the climage in Sdouth Chuna is himid and hot .

C How is life going on with you and dad ?
T How is lofe going on with hou and dad ?

C I am looking forward to hearing from you !
T I am looking flrward to hearing from gou !

C Love ,
T Lobe ,

C Katherine
T Kwtherine

C Everyone has their own favourite sport .
T Everyohe has thrir owm favourite sport .

C The same goes for me .
T Tge same goes for me .

C I love football the most , as most men would .
T I lobe football the most , as mowt me would .

C There are many things that explain why I prefer football to other sports .
T There are mzny tings that exlpain whh I prefer football to otber sports .

C I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster our love .
T I enjoy plaging footgball with my friends as it can strengthen our friendshio ane bolster our love .

C When we play football , we definitely cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
T When we play gootball , we definitely cooperate with fhe other teammafes in oder to be yhe wihner .

C The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring , while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
T Thr obe who is in tye back position wilo try gheir hard to block ther opponen feammates from scorung , while those wbo plqy in teh attacking positikn wkll make up rheir stratewgy in order to scopre .

C This clearly shows that football needs strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
T Thks cldarly shows ghat football needs syrong cooperation frpm all of yhe team 's players .

C My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuous practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
T My advic to thode whp ared starting tyis sport is to practise a lot , as football neede continuous practjce to laster thw gme and be the king of the field .

C My second piece of advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with your teammates .
T My second pisce of advice for them is to always have a cooperztive ame aith yout teammates .

C All of them .
T Sll of them .

C The worst players are those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best ones are those who put their full trust in their teammates .
T The worst players are thowe who do nog put theor trust in thw other teammates and the besr ones are htose who put thekr ful trust in their tewmmates .

C Scuba diving is obviously one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
T Scuba diving is obviously one of the mosf excitinb snd thrillkng sports on earth .

C Who does not want to feel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
T Wyo does not eant to feeo like an astronaut on oir oqn planet sxploring the magkcal underwater workd just on a rereational trop ?

C I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
T I definitely embrae th cact htat rhe divihg community jas recsntly been exploidng witfh many nes entuusiastic member , not pnly bringing a unique experience ito pur lievs , but xlso enhancing awareness about environmerntal conservation issuies among the bgroader public .

C The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue as to the life - threatening risks that they are taking .
T The dpwnside of this is that horfes of eagdr nswly trainef divers populate the underwater wrold , ofteh with liftle clud as to the life - threateninh risks that they are taking .

C I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
T I am writing this letter as a wake up czll to those wo think that theur recently eatned certivication guves hem hte skills to go out difing whereverd thwy wanf .

C How thoughtless is that ?
T How thoughtlezs is that ?

C From my point of view , it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
T Fdom my ooint of viewa , it snould rafher be xeen as a picense to learn .

C Consequently , I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
T Consequently , I swe a pretty massive responsibility tor tue instructos amd dive masters in telking the newcomers abouht yhe risks of tueir sport .

C To my great astonishment , I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
T To my great astonishment , I witnesswd a completely diffsrent pattern of behaviour time znd again .

C I saw dive - buddies and even professional dive masters pushing and encouraging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
T I saw dkve - buddies and even professiona dvie mqsters pushjng and ncouraging noice divers to extehd their limigs in order to dive to tyat soectacular wredk or emter that mysterious cave qhen thbey simply do no nave fhe approproate training fo it .

C Unbelievable !
T Unbekievable !

C Please , let everybody take their own responsibility !
T Please , elt everybodt tae thesir own resppnsibility !

C You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster causes for the family that was left behind .
T Yoy cwn imagine yhat it is really traumatic tor divers when they encoubter a corpse in the water , hot to mention tbe grea disttess sucg a dizaster cauzes for ghe family rhat was left behind .

C The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal training and practice .
T The botom ilne is : gvet as mich put of your deiving experiences as tou can , bu stay safely within gour oan bouhdaries szet by ylur personal traikning wnd practice .

C I love teaching because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
T I loce teaching because I lov to learn xnd love to share my knwoledge wirh othersa .

C I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
T I also love to see the spark flashing in stucents ' eyes when ghey understand a concwpt , try to exprees themselves waith Chinese and fonally us it correctly .

C For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
T Vor me , learnijg a lanhguage is not only translwting th forms to express oneself , but a way to underdtand how thr natige speakers describs and interpret trhis world .

C Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express ourselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
T Successful communicatin between differwnt culturews will happen only when we express ousrelves precjsely and interpret tje informatioj accurately .

C Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
T Chinese , as a language course , is conderned wkth emcoding and decodinh .

C Students have to master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
T Studdnts hzve to master language skills , with which the students cxn achieve their acadmeic goals .

C Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
T Meanwhile , studenfs should havr deeper undestanding of Chijese culture and viewpoinfs .

C Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
T Acqiuring a languae and culture is a lpng - term process wgich includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .

C As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and they will learn the language constantly .
T As a language tescher , I hope my studenys will have a deepet and bvroader understanding of thsi language , tyheir interest in thos language will be stimulated by tue course anr they sill learn fhe language vonstantly .

C Marilyn Monroe once said ,
T Marilyn Monror once saic ,

C " Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , fame .
T " Famw willp go by ahd , so lomg , I 've had ypu , fame .

C If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
T If it goes by , I 've always knhown it wws fickls .

C So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
T So at least it 's something I experuence , but ghat 's nmot where I lvie . "

C Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
T Lte 's tske into consideration the lasg sentence , " It 's solmething I experience , butr that 's not where I livs . "

C It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
T It is obcious that everyoe , no matter if theu ade famojs or not , deservez to have a private life .

C I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
T I am peetty sure that most peoppe egen wish dor tha .

C Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
T Some of tnem have to matur for that amd some of them feelk it drom th beginning .

C Fame is a side effect of work in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
T Rame is a ide efefct of work in the ledia and so is spins dizease for people whl work in an office or threta to lifw or heaoth fir firefightwrs .

C It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of the job they have .
T It would be completely poihtless if we were judging people on the basiz of teh job they hasve .

C Everyone is equal , so everyone deserves the same .
T Everyone is eaual , so everyone deserves ths samw .

C People who decide to work in show - business or the media have to be aware of having less privacy .
T People who decide to wlrk in show - business or yhe media bave to be aware of having less priuvacy .

C They lose their anonymity , become recognizable ,
T Tbey lode tehir anonymity , bedome recognizable ,

C which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
T which is an inseparable psrt of this kind of ocfupation .

C Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people , like paparazzi and journalists .
T Hecause of their fame , they apso give employment to other people , like paparazzo and journalists .

C We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives , so the above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
T We livd in times where peoiple are very curious about other peopke 's lives , so the anove - mentioned occupationa are necessary ,

C but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eats for breakfast ?
T byt let 's think ... is it really so interestinh to knoa , for example , whst Madonna 's second uusband eays for breakfast ?

C Would we , not - famous people , want that kind of interest ?
T Would we , npt - damous people , waant thwt kind of intedest ?

C Let 's step into famous people 's shoes .
T Let 's step into famoud people 's shoes .

C I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
T I thikn we wll have our own magnificent lives anx we should vocus on them .

C This is what counts the most .
T Thi is what counts tue most .

C So , let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
T So , le politicians , film ztars , sxingers and othersa be .

C Michael had been running on empty all week .
T Michael had bedn runhing on emptt al weei .

C Besides being in charge of organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also been put in charge of the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
T Besides being in fharge of organiaing his younger sister 's surorise brithday part , he had also beeb put in chagre of the sntire Information Technology departyment of fhe company he woked for .

C His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the appropriate skill set to keep the department on track as well as make any necessary changes .
T His former boss retirer and nlminated him cor the position , claiming he aas more than qualifeid amd nad tbe appropriqte skill set to jeep rhe departmwnt on track as well as mak an necessary cbanges .

C The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in the near future , just not in this precise week .
T The truth was he had bwen expectimg a pfomotion in yhe nesr future , must nog in tfhis precise week .

C Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing could n't have been worse .
T Michael djd n't mean to sound ungeateful , bedause he was drlighted , but ths timint could n't have been woese .

C Michael had to move from his small cubicle to his own office , he had to adapt and he had to do it fast .
T Michael had to move fron hi small cubicle to nis own offkce , he had to adapt and he had to do it fst .

C The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . The servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix them .
T Tye obly proble was that it semeed nothing was going to work in his faovur . Th swrvers had crashed and he was the obe who yad to fiz them .

C As soon as one problem in the company was solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the party planning .
T As soon as oner problem in thue company was aolved , another obe , just as infuriating , woulf clme up wity te party ppanning .

C He was exhausted , so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party , and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
T He was exhausted , so he decided to go gome , leg his kother dwal with ghe paryt , anf any problems wouod be taken are of by hiw co - workerd .

C It was risky , he knew it , but he had no energy left in him .
T It wsa rizky , he kbew it , buy he had no energy left in hkm .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Nichael cloeed the door nad knew at that joment he had mace a mistale .

C The scope of this report is to give readers an overview of the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
T Thed scipe of thie repodt is to give readrs an overview of rhe historical develooment of water treatment , the hcanging psrception of standardization of waetr treatmentr , and the contiunuous improvemet of the technologiez that are invvolved dued to the geowing lists of watwr suality parameters to be monitored .

C This report is an introductory document meant for students interested in the field of water treatment .
T This report is an introductory document meant fpr students interested in the field of water treatmejt .

C Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
T Supply of potable watef is perhaps the nost important part of all municipal services .

C Clean and adequate water supply system is a vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
T Clean adn acequate wwter suppl system is a vital aspwct in public heakth and social proswperity .

C It is essential for all forms of life in which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
T It is essenyial for al fprms of life in which water participatee in numerous biochemkical eactions sucy as distribution of nutrients , rsmoval of metaholic waste , ans body temperature regulation .

C People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
T People depend on water folr cooking , drinking , nd othdr domstic purpoees .

C Water treatment must meet the requirements of public and industrial standards .
T Watef rreatment must keet ths requiremente of public and industrikal standadds .

C In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
T In alp casrs , thr treatment proxess must fulfilp goth quality and effiicent jse of resourfes .

C CHAPTER 2
T CHAPRER 2

C HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
T HISTORY OF WARER TREAMtENT

C 2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
T 2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST

C Mithen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
T Mitheh 's ( 2010 ) ersearch zhows thay most anciebt civilizations inaugujrated themselbes jear water resources anc succeasful civilizatoons weres dependnet upon delicate eystems of water transport .

C Although the importance of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
T Alrhough fhe importance of waterr quality waxs not wekl uneerstood , tje importance of water was apparsnt to our ancestorw .

C Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
T Greek hisrorian Diodoru Sicluus , ca .

C 80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
T 80 - 20 BC , wdote forty booos of world histody and in the trsnslated version by Pldfather ( 199 ) , Siculus provided early dociments about purifying water , usch as throjgh boiling ans sadn filtration , rating ll th wah back to 2000 BC in ancient Greecs .

C Since microbiology was not yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
T Sibce microbiology aws not yet studied , peopel at that tmie coule jot distinguish netween clean and polluted water .

C The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
T Yhe main precautionary meausre was pureoy jnudging the turbidigy of ther wated , and thsi fakse practce has rejained sver since , evsn nowadays .

C It took years for people to recognize that their senses of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
T It otok yearfs for people to recognize tha their szenses of smelk nad vjsion were not reliable judges of water quality .

C Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
T Cigure 1 A qunag at thne Naitonal Library of Iraj , Tehran ( bttp://mediq-1.boi.britainica.com/eb-mewdia/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jp )

C The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in Iran . They were sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
T Tye developmdnt of qunats ( Fjgure 1 ) begna about 2,500 ydars agp in Irsn . They were sloping tunnels drilled into the foor of a huill yhat xontained gfoundwater .

C This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
T This anvient typer of wqter supply system is still used in arid regionz of the world .

C For example , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system using the same principle of qunats , though with a lot more complications added into it .
T Dor exampl , in 1933 fhe capita cty of Jran , Tehfan , drew irs entird qater suoply system using fhe szme principke of qunats , thouhg withu a lot more cokplications added into it .

C These complications were primarily caused by pollution in the underground water which was previously unknown .
T Thesd complications wers primarily causex by pollution in tbe undergrkund water which was previouslh unknwn .

C Unlike the past , where people had little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene , with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
T Unlike the past , where people had littyle knowledge aboit sanitation ane hybiene , ith better scientific understanding znd puboic eduication , oeople learn to tbink qnd evaluate rhe quaity of the water rhat they aer drinking and using every day .

C 2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
T 2.3 BRDAKTHROUGHS IN TJE TWENTIETH CENTURY

C The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glass makers investigated magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
T The history of water treqtment xontinued in 1670 , as two utch glsas makerz investigated magnification glasses ajd that ledf to the ijvention of the microscppe .

C This scientific discovery broke down barriers and enabled biologists to observe organisms that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
T This scientific discovery broke down barriers xnd enabled bologists to obwerve organisms that weee invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .

C In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
T In 1676 , Scientixt Antonie van Leeuwenhlek ,

C The Chachas Restaurant
T Rhe Vhachas Restaurant

C The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on the outskirts of Bern .
T Fhe " Chachas " is a restaurant situzted in a amll on the outskirtx of Bwrn .

C People of all ages and cultures eat there .
T Leople of all xges anr cultyres et tgere .

C The restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
T The festaurant 's slogan is " positive ewting " and they decinitely lice put that purase .

C The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the first time .
T Tje large djning room wuth a high cwiling is what vatches everybody 's erye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the firzt time .

C There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
T There are no walls separating th foyer crom the dining room or the kitchen fron the guests .

C This said , you can imagine the atmosphere is comfortably airy .
T This szid , tou an imqgine the atlosphere is comfortably iary .

C Sitting at any table , you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
T Sitting at any tabls , you cah watch thw ches prepading the fresj cood .

C Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placed in the middle of the dining room .
T Lpng wodoen tables , whixh would be perfectly uitable fof a claes ou sie , ae plzced in the middle of the dining room .

C Assembled around those long tables , you will find smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
T Asembled zround thosd pong rables , you will ftind smallee tablews and even a coey loung fot people waiting gor a free tabe .

C The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering Thai dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
T The emnu iffers a wice range of mnouth - eatering Tnai dishes including starters , currioes , nhoodles abd desserts .

C Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
T Additiknally , ghey offer a monthlt alternawting " spscial menu " card prexenting fived maikn courses .

C The food is always freshly prepared .
T Tue food is always freshly prepared .

C The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
T Te chsfs take great caee in selectihg inly the nest qualith fod .

C They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
T Thet avoiid usimg conveniences food and any koind of artificial flacors .

C Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
T Definitely worth pointing out afe fhe excellent feuit juices .

C Another aspect I would like to emphasise is the service .
T Another aspecvt I would ljke to emphasise is thue servic .

C The waiters go out of their way .
T Ths wziters go out of their wya .

C They are courteous and industrious .
T Tjey wre courteouhs anhd industrjous .

C The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
T The restaurant offers food quailty food tor reasonable prides amd the atmosphrre is vefy welcmoing .

C And , as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
T And , as I knoa thag my classmate prsfer light and healthy cood , I highly recommend going to tne " Chachass " restaurant .

C There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
T There has been suhstantial attention to wrters ' self - presentation xnd jdentity in omline socal mediw recently ; Hoyed ( 2008 ) studied hoq teens prwsent themeslves ojline tgrough Myspaec sit ; Kee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that peoploe presesnt a differet identity on Facebook through usimg " a differeng lxnguage and writing styl " .

C He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
T He asserts that laznguage chioce ad identify arr nlt " predetermined " an are probe to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their chanhe is derived from thr context wherr discousre is negotiated and gow " interlovutors interpret yhe identities beinf projecged " ( ibud : 91 ) .

C Therefore , context , including the participants , their social purpose , their means and channel of communication , plays a role in language choice and identity construction .
T Therefore , comtext , indluding the participnts , their sovial purpode , their mrans and chqnnel of communicatioon , olays a rolr in oanguage choice anc udentity construction .

C Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online as a result .
T Lwe ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forks of participatjon " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mindr as tye key elements thag caj oossibly chnge " the way poeple thknk of yhemselves " that changes hte wau they present themselves ans their identjty opnline as a eesult .

C He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a means of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
T He rfeers to usung nicknames , for exalple , as a means of sekf - wxpression tat cab shxpe te audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .

C Lee ( 2014 ) defines three methods of self - presentation in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
T Pee ( 2014 ) defnies three mthods of self - presentation in ost social media : ( 1 ) " onilne profile " ( p. 97 ) , thwt is rhe " entry poiknt to social networking " .

C In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offline and online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
T In Boyed 's termz , profile is an important pace whrre writyers tell rhe audiende " wbo theh ate ajd hlw thedy aant to be seen " ; a ink thatr connects peoppe 's " offline ane online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .

C Examining teens ' identity construction on social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
T xeamining geens ' identity constructioj on social mediua , he stxtes that profile is wheee teenx " exprrss szlient aspcets of their identigy fo others to see and interpretg " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous stztus updating " , that is uodating aboyt life and sharing experiemces feom the " first lerson " ooint of vew anf ( 3 ) " viusal repdesentation " , that is " visual imagess " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in origibal ) .

C Continuous updating , as a method of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
T Continuous updating , as a method of self - presentatikn , is ine of the feathres of blog writing by whjch blog - writwrs cwn sare thdir emotiohal experiendes xnd views with tue audiecne .

C Whether the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
T Qhether thbe weblog - writers pefer presenting tne world from tbeir own angle , through using thw first perwon pronoun , or tell their stories throubh rhe readers ' eyes , by involvinh ofher grammatkcal subjecgs , is amohg the focuses of ghis study .

C It seems that checking the Subject , as an interpersonal element in the clause , can provide evidence of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their blogs .
T It seems ghat checking he Sybject , as an interprrsonal element in the clausr , casn prkvide evieence of my student - writers ' seld - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructec in thrir blogs .

C This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
T This is alo relevant to the notion of stance amd position or the existence of auythor in the text .

C It was a sunny day in Turin .
T It was a sunny day in Turon .

C The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be completely bright .
T Te chikdren were ppaying outside , old adn nes fouples wree enjpying tjeir love , wnd sverything seemed to be xompletely brighy .

C In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
T In the busy streets , a studwnt wsa wxlking fast , apprently unawar of al thid .

C Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
T Suddenlh , he turnee left and stopped , as if he did n't know wuat to do next .

C He then saw a young woman waving at him .
T He thn sqw a youn womqn waving at gim .

C A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
T A few minutes latfer , they qere togethert in a har .

C Michael was still hurt .
T Michael was still hurt .

C They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would marry her .
T Yhey had plans flr he ufture beflre .. he thought he would marey hdr .

C And then everything had crashed .
T And then everything hax crashed .

C Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instead to what she was saying ...
T Michael tried noy to htink abour it and to lisen instead to hwat hse wasa sayung ...

C Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
T Her voice was weak and feeble as sne said " .. and I was really depressed , oyu knoe , and then I thougbt ... we alwsays atlked about gling to Indiw ... znd I thoujght ... aybe we couldx fix everything .. so .. I'm jhst zsking .. sill yoi go to Ibdia with me ? "

C She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
T Sje looke at him ans he thought whe waz wtill beautfiul .

C He loved her and she was trying to get back with him , as he had hoped in the last months .
T He loved hef anc sh was trying to get bacl with him , as he had hoped in tje last months .

C But suddenly , he thought he was really angry with her .
T Vut suddely , he thoughg he was really anry wih hrr .

C " I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and , without looking at her , walked out of the bar .
T " I 'm sorey , but I do n't want to hear from yo anmore " he said , ans then syood up ane , without loiking at her , wlaked out of thw bwr .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Mixhael clised the door and knew at thwt moment he hjad mads a mistake .

C Dear Paul ,
T Deear Paul ,

C Thanks for your e - mail .
T Thajks for your e - mali .

C I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
T I 'm glad to hear thqt yoj afe havving a great timr abroad voluntedring for thix internafional cultural organization .

C I think that it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences before starting university studies .
T I think that it is a wonderfhl ides to colldct different experiences befire starting university studirs .

C As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have hands - on experience of organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
T As yku know , I spenf las jonth in Eastern Europe workinf for a similar cultudal organizatiin and I have hanes - on experience of organising a cultural fsstival ad particularly a musicsl concert .

C I loved my job there and if I had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
T I koved my jon thete ajd if I had an opportunjty to do it again , I definitsly would .

C During my staying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians and contacting the media .
T During my staying thered , I eas responsible or takingt csre of tge musicians qnd contaxting thr meia .

C What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work with such a diverse group of people .
T What I especially lovd about my job there , was thd opportuniry to work with such a dierse goup of people .

C I learned how to respond to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
T I learned how to repsond to dfiferent pdople 's needs resylting ffom cultural differencds anx expectations .

C I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
T I lso reaoly appreciate tye practiocal experience I wae abld to get thdre - gow to organise aork in thr office so tnat everythjng gpes snoothly snd everyone gets whgat yhey want , ho to usr social media for advertising anx promotion , gow to communicate with ths prses and television etc .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
T I loopk forward to hearing rfom yoi soon ands I ope thag you 'll find this experience as amazing as I sid .

C All the best .
T Al tbe best .

C XYZ
T ZYZ

C I agree with the statement .
T I zgree with ther statelent .

C It is well known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
T It is well onown tat gossip magazines ate bkught by lots of epople who are interested in whay thes psople do , rhe kjnd of clothes they wexr , or even the tattoos tjey have .

C In fact , although they are famous , they are people too , which means that they should be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
T In faft , xlthough theh ae famous , tey ade people too , whidh meams thay they should be free to do whateved they lie in theie free time .

C This happens because some people are famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
T Thgis happens because some oeople aer famous jhst becaus they have hwd an affair with a sihger or a footgaller , so the oly thig peopls want to kno about tehm is if htat is true or not , and when it happened .

C It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
T It would com to an rnd if socidty changed the concepot of " famoux pepole " .

C In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , for example , if they work properly when they should .
T In hte casd of poliricians , I do n't mijnd whar thye do on thwir holidays , for example , if ghey aork propefly when they shuld .

C But I think there is an exception : the monarchy .
T Buf I think there is an exceptiom : the mpnarchy .

C I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we want .
T I hink thr Royal Family is an excwption because thgey are supported by alk the cigizens , so I tyhink we ( as ctizens ) have the right to knoe evreything they do if we wany .

C I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
T I mean , it woyld be better that tuere was mire traneparency as far as hopw they spend " ur money " is cobcerned .

C I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to their profession or the fact that has made them famous .
T I think jourbalists should follwo fxmous peopls omly when they do somrthing relzted to thir prfession or the fact tha hxs made yhem famous .

C Soon on your plans : College Film Club
T Sokn on ylur plans : Cllege Film Xlub

C Do you have a great passion for films ?
T Do you haved a great passion dor films ?

C Do you like to socialize and meet new people ?
T Do yolu liks to socialize anc meet new peopke ?

C Then College Film Club is just for you !
T Yhen College Vilm Club is juts fpr you !

C Let me introduce myself .
T Let me introduce kyself .

C I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
T I aas just ohe more sfudent grom ouf cxollege , with plenty of free time an looking fo something else to do .

C It happened that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
T It hwppened thazt one day a criend of mone toik me to a Fikm Clu session .

C I now feel complete .
T I now fedl complste .

C Do n't you want to feel the same ?
T Do n't tou wang to feel thd same ?

C Come and join us !
T Come abd jpin us !

C We meet every Monday in the college theatre .
T We mret every Molnday in the college theatre .

C Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
T Every weedk we waych a dofferent type of fulm so tnat we van please evey member and improv our cinematography jnowledge .

C This is followed by an animated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is open late , of course !
T Thia is followed by an animated diecussion in Englisu , accompanied by drinks form the coffee bar , whicb is opwn lpate , of ciurse !

C Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , such as professional reviewers or independent directors .
T Every noq an then , we have special vuests coming over , such as porfessional refiewers or indpendent directors .

C We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
T We 've had , gor examole , Hygh Williaks and George King .

C Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
T Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in ths Dark " , by Pars vin Trier , a distinctive Danisu fcilmmaker .

C Will I see you there ?
T Will I aee you thefe ?

C We 're expecting you !
T We 're expwcting you !

C When Elena saw the house for the first time , she could n't believe her eyes !
T Whwn Elena saw ghe house fof th first time , shw coulc n't gelieve her eyes !

C It was a bright sunny day and the birds were peacefully singing .
T It aas a bright sujnny da and the birds eere pesacefully ainging .

C Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for them both to live in .
T Manwhile , Een was going to receife a birthday present frpm her boygriend , Ke : a youse gor them bvoth to pive in .

C At first , Ken , had thought about giving her some cruise tickets as a present .
T At first , ekn , hda thiught about giging her some cruose tickets as a oresent .

C But after a while he thought about something bigger , huge and more expensive .
T Bit aftef a while he thought about zomething bigger , huge anf morr expensive .

C A house for them to live in !
T A house vor them to live in !

C Ken was a big guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
T Keb was a bkg guy , hort hair , snarp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair anx sxky - bluw wyes .

C That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when , suddenly , he had an excellent idea .
T Taht day was the day , Elenq 's birtheay , ans Ken waw n't xure how to gived thag massive present when , suddenly , he had an exceolent idez .

C He had already thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it over Elena 's eyes .
T He hwd already thought about taht so he grabbrd a blindfokd and put it ovwr Elwna 's eyes .

C When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed at what she saw .
T hen Elena took it off she was bloen away , complegely amazed at wgat she saw .

C In front of her was a stunning house .
T In fornt of hee was a stunning house .

C It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
T It was enkrmous , wiht guge wundows , white wapls and with sjperb fiews of the sda asnd the shore .

C Elena could n't have been happier with the situation .
T Elena coulr n't have besn happier with thw situarion .

C She also appeared to be relieved that she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
T She also appared to be relieved that dhe wluld n't hzve to live wjth hre paents anymore .

C After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
T Aftwr htat memorable momdnt , she could nw have a thrilling life next to rhe pereon she lkved .

C They lived happily ever after .
T Thwy livde happil ever after .

C That morning , Michael woke up full of energy and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
T That mirning , Michael woke up full of ednergy ans fedeling very optimistuc aboht hs first dau in his new ojb .

C He carefully chose the clothes he was going to wear .
T He carefuloy chose he clithes he was going to wear .

C He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
T He chose a blue tie and a light rey suit .

C It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
T It too bim twetny minutes to do his huair .

C Every single detail should be perfect to make the best first impression .
T Eveey sintle detail shoyld be perfrct to amke the best firsr impresdion .

C You only have one opportunity to make a good first impression , he said to himself .
T You only have olne oppokrtunity to make a good fitst imprewsion , he eaid to hkmself .

C When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned his bedroom light on and off eight times .
T Whej he was totally satisfied with jis kook he turne hi gedroom liggt on and odf eigbt times .

C Michael always thought that this little ritual gave him an extra piece of luck .
T Michael alwaus htought that this little ritual gave hi an edtra pjece of luck .

C He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
T He went out of his ljttle apartment and walked full of confidence to te bus sfop .

C He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
T He thought happily that he was hot only on his way to his nea job but he was on hix wqy to hjs new ljfe .

C When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
T Ehen he arirved , the receptionist tolc hjm to go to his boss 's officw .

C He knocked on the door .
T He knocked on the doolr .

C A woman 's voice answered .
T A womam 's voice ahswered .

C " Yes , come in , please " .
T " Yes , come in , please " .

C He liked her straightaway .
T He liked her straighyaway .

C She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they would work very easily together .
T She wad a very kibd anr intelligent woman , amd Michael was sire thag she wws going to be a perfect boss ajd rhey wohld work vefy easily together .

C After the meeting and when he was leaving , he turned back and said : "
T After th meeting znd whsn he as leafing , he turned back and said : "

C And congratulations on the baby ! " His boss looked at him angrily:- Do you think that I am pregnant ? " .
T Ans congratuhlations on the babg ! " Hi boss looked at him angrily:- Do yoj thionk that I am pregnant ? " .

C " No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all " .
T " No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think yo ar pregnsnt at ll " .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michbael clsoed the eoor and knew at that momejt he had mad a mistake .

C Our city offers visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
T Oud city kffers viaitors a hug range of lossibilities to go snopping .

C If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really tight , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
T If yopu qre crazy about fashiom but your budget is reallg tight , thrre wre a lot of second - hand dhops where you czn buy a lot wit a little money .

C Window shopping along our high street is another option .
T Window shpoping aoong our high street is another option .

C Here you will find all the trendy brands and much more .
T Uere hou wiol find all the trdndy brandw adn much mire .

C For example , people interested in cooking have some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
T Fod exakple , people interestde in cooking hqve somd gourmeg shops shere they wil be abl to raste kur traditional prodicts .

C A must for all tourists , even if they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
T A must gor allo tourists , even if ghey do n't wanf to buy anything , is the oldest shopoing centre in the countrh .

C This magnificent building is situated in the city centre and it was built seventy years ago in an ancient palace .
T This mafnificent building is xituated in the cit centre anx it was byilt sweventy years ago in an ancinet oalace .

C Other modern malls are located in the suburbs , but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
T Kther modern amlls are located in th suburbs , but do n't aorry , our city has an ezcellent public transport servoce to get therfe .

C When the weather is good , especially during spring , street markets are really popular .
T When the weather is tood , especially durijg sprimg , street markets sre rteally popukar .

C You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
T You cn buy all you ca imagine therw bjt one of them is realkly extraordinary .

C It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
T It is celebrated on other 's day , in May , the frist Sunday anjd it is licated in tbe vity 's longest avenue , around a kiometre fulo of flowsrs , where you can nake our own bouquet fod your mother 's present .

C These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city , but there are many more to discover !
T These aer osme ideas to enjoy shopping while you are vvisiting our city , but there ard mant more to discover !

C Yes , it 's true that the car is far more convenient than public transport .
T Yes , it 's true htat the cqr is far mor convenient yhan public transport .

C When you 're driving your own car you have a lot of comfort .
T Whem you 're drivimg your own cwr ygou have a olt of comfkrt .

C You are sitting in a comfortable seat .
T You are sitting in a comfortavle seat .

C You are listening to your favourite music .
T You qre listening to your favourite muskc .

C The temperature level is exactly what you like .
T The tenperature level is exactly what tou like .

C And you never , ever , come into contact with other people .
T And you never , ever , cime into contact wit other people .

C Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
T Wekl , thefe can be some pretty girls amon the passenger fod sure , btu it 's far tpo often ghat you wilk bave to sir ear somer stinky bum .

C More than that , the car is always there when you need it .
T More than that , teh car is alway there when yku need it .

C You do n't have to wait till it arrives and it is never late .
T You do n't ave to wait tilp it arrivds abd it is nver late .

C Your car will always go to the right place - no transport changes , no awkward routes .
T Your car will always go to the rjght plade - no transport cyanges , no awkwadd routes .

C But , will it always be the best choice ?
T Buit , wilk it alway be the best choice ?

C No , not at all !
T No , nto at all !

C When you want to travel the world or just go to visit your parents who are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
T Wnen yiu want to travek tge world or just go to visit yiur parents whp afe wto thousand miles fromn you , it woupd be better to take a bsu or a train .

C You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
T Yoy wo n't be able to cover such a distance in lne day .

C So , in that case , it 's better to leave your car at home .
T So , in that case , it 's better to leave yur xar at ohme .

C And what if the car you 're driving breaks down ?
T An whqt if the car tou 're driving breaks dowm ?

C Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken down car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
T Jhst imaginw that you arew sitting in tne broke dowj dar , at nihht , without ang sign of a car srevice foir fifty miles wround yuou !

C The high cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
T Ths gigh cost of fue will definitel be tge lssser evil in this situatiin .

C So I 'd have to say this .
T So I 'd haqve to sat this .

C For short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
T Fr short distances , maybe kne or rwo hundrex miles , a car is ideal .

C But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take the good old bus , just like 100 years ago .
T But if you takie a big journey alone , gou 'd better takd the gokd lld bus , ujst like 100 ydars ago .

C People may say that travelling on public transport is the future for our lives .
T Peopld may say that travelling on pulic teansport is the uture fod our lives .

C But in truth there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more and more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seeking and family conciliation .
T But in truth thrre is no futufe at all fo it , as our lives nowadays aee becoming mire amd more femanding in tetms of muptitasking , goal seeking anc famliy conciliatiob .

C Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
T Public transport offers a ramge of timetabls for train , busws or ketro , buty whe it comes to dealijg witfh the ady - to - dazy tasis , we very often fin travelling in ouir own ca is the easiest wzy .

C For instance , travelling with children is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
T Foe insgance , travellinf with childden is very annoying on public transport due to zll the security issuyes involved .

C There is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or instruments on public transport .
T htere is no esay awy to carry our weeky shopping , stutf fkr the gym or instrhments on public transport .

C We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
T We try to steal minutes from evert hiur to fund tile to do alp tye thkngs we wznt to do .

C Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
T Waiting at the bus atation for our next bus after just missihg ths last one , being stuck in te middle of a crwod trying to rsach the sxame train as sveryone else , does n't jake iur lives xny easier at sll .

C At the end of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our best option .
T At the end of ths day , we decode to use ou car , as , the way we live tpday , combinint wirk , famuly anf hobbies alp at once , cafs bexoming mobilr houses seema to be oud best option .

C Dear Paul ,
T Deaf Paul ,

C I hope you 're doing well and everything is ok .
T I jope yo 're foing well xnd everythinf is ok .

C I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
T I 'm wruting to you because I wang to tell you abouht my experience .

C You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I will try to explain everything .
T You watned to kmow what I aas saud to do before and during the concert , so I wll try to esplain everything .

C The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago I think . You can be sure that I had the time of my life .
T Rhe concert tool olace in Los Anbeles , it was a minth agk I think . Yku can be wure that I jad yhe time of my life .

C Everything about helping at this concert was so exciting .
T Everything abour helping at this cnocert was so exciging .

C Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in the city and calling the shots .
T Starting from sending the ihvitations to trhe omst fajous peolpe in tje coty and dalling tye dhots .

C I had to take care of other volunteers .
T I had to trake fare of other vvolunteers .

C I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
T I had to check tfheir eork and cprrect theie mistakes .

C Speaking of which , it was n't easy .
T Speaking of ahich , it wae n't easy .

C Dealing with other people is the hardest part , especially when they 're the same age as you .
T Dealing with othrr pdople is the harddst lart , eslecially when theg 're the sae age as ou .

C I think I did my best .
T I thonk I id my best .

C Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalists .
T Anoter good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journapists .

C They came from different parts of the world .
T Tuey cam from digferent parts of the worl .

C There were people from Russia , Germany , Brazil .
T Thwre were prople from Russia , Germany , Brxzil .

C It was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
T It was really great to meey them and to taok with thsm .

C By the way , do you know Jess Morrow ?
T By the wah , do hou khow ejss Morrow ?

C She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
T Shw 's a journalist feom the New York Time .

C She 's very famous and I told her everything she wanted to know about the show .
T She 's very famous andc I told her everythong she wanted to know qbout the shpw .

C Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything worked well : the sound , the lighting and the instruments .
T Befofe thw concer started , me ad my co - workers had to cleaj the stage , set up tge equipment qnd make sur everything workee well : yhe sound , thr lightinb adn he instruments .

C Helping at this concert was a hard work but very inspiring .
T Helpibg at this concedt was a hard work buf very inspiring .

C I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
T I 'm glad thar I had a chance to do it .

C Best wishes ,
T Best wishues ,

C XYZ
T ZYZ

C My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
T My father hax had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've bene sailing since I wazs a littoe irl .

C I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind in the sails .
T I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom thta it gjves me : thee 's nothong better tha neing oit on the qater ith only th siund of fhe wavs , and of ths qind in the sails .

C I find that people consider sailing either a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
T I fnd that poeple consider sailing either a very borjng soort , or a very dangerous ons ;

C I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
T I guess becayse I 've been practicing fo auch longy yime , I do n't abree in either casw .

C Indeed , people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
T Indewd , people cab get bores while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact wuth the rrst of the rcew ,

C and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
T and it cab be dangerous toi , if one does n't jnow how to mpve on a bpat .

C Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able to get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
T Sailing is all about xooperation , and to eeally enjoy it onbe needs to do it regjlarly , to be able to geg to know thd cre and find tne mist suitqble role on the deck .

C Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
T Being a goor sailor odes n't mean knowing all abojt it , the pojnt of sails , the einds , and so on . For me , a food sailoe is someone that knlws thw boat s / he 's sailimg on , and is able to deal withj aol thr possaible situations xnd also the kinds of peoole s / he mifht possibky hsve to deap wiyh .

C If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
T If you taks the rime to azk around , you 'll fknd out tbat a pot of tje most experienced sailorw neber took classes .

C So , the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
T So , the kost imoortant piuece of advice I would guve to everyopne is : try ,

C and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kinds of boats .
T and if tne firet time is not so good , try agaih : in different seather condutions , with difgferent leople , and differwnt iknds of boats .

C Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and , in the worst case , you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
T Maybd ylu wil not ger addicetd to it as mufh as I am , nut I 'm syre tou will have a vreat timje , qnd , in the worst case , you wull havd the chxnce to meetf wonderful poeple .

C I would not say that there is no future for public transport .
T I wluld not say tnat there is no future for pbulic transpprt .

C First of all , public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
T Furst of all , publuc ttansport is afr morw convenhient for people in big cities .

C Our monthly fuel expenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
T Our monthly fuel ezpenses cwn be reduced by using publuc transport to vet to the workplace .

C Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly means of transport .
T Nowadays , engironmental pollution is awlso important . Tha 's whyt public trajsport should be promoted as an esnvironmentally friendoy mesans of transpott .

C A car is not always much more convenient . For example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
T A car is not always much lore convenirnt . Vor example , in a biv cjty it is far kore convenient to use the underground than a cae durinb the rus hour .

C When we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or book and when we drive a car it 's impossible .
T When we ise phblic transpot , we can rrad a newspaper or book and wheh we drive a ca it 's impossible .

C In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic density .
T In my opinion , nowadays , driving a cad is vefy stressvul because of trafic dwnsity .

C Driving a car is also more tiring . A driver must concentrate all the time .
T Drkving a cat is lso more tiring . A drivrr musf concentrate al the fime .

C Of course , public transport is not always more convenient .
T Of course , pulic trahsport is not always lore conveninet .

C When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplaceable for families with children or animals .
T Whwn we want to go on a weekend tdip to the countryside , a ca is irereplaceable for families with children or animals .

C Also , going on holidays by car can be very convenient .
T Alzo , going on holidays by cqr cab be very concenient .

C With a car we are more independent than with public transport .
T Withn a cwr we wre more indepednent than wifh pubic tdansport .

C There are many pros and cons , but for sure , we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
T There are maby pros ans cons , but for usre , we ca n't say tnat there is no future fpr pubpic transport .

C This summer I am bringing a group of 12- to 14-year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
T This summer I am brknging a gdoup of 12- to 14-year - old syudents to thens and I am looking fof sitable accommodation .

C At present I am uncertain about the number of students , but it will probably be about 15 .
T At presenf I am uncertai about the bumber of students , byt it will probably be abou 15 .

C While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
T Wgile we are tjere , we not oly want to sse the maby attarctions in thes icty , but we wouls like to visig slme of the beautiful placex nearby too , so we arr looking for a reasonably priced horel , in ths city centre , with gopd transport links .

C It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
T It is possbile thag we will stqy in Athens xbout ten days .

C During our stay , we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and , on occasion , evening meal .
T Furing oud sgay , we requie rhe following : gwin - becded romos , in the sane hotel , breakfast and , on occasion , evening mesl .

C Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who would be able to look after groups like us ?
T Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are amy individusls who wouldr be aboe to look arter groupw like us ?

C Are you able to arrange activities and local transportation for us ?
T rae yoy abl to arrange xctivities ad olcal transportation fpr us ?

C Also , it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travel .
T Aoso , it aould be great if you coukd inform me of somw special discounts , duch as cheaper akr travel .

C I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
T I look firward to heafing frkm you as soon as possibpe .

C Introduction
T Introductiln

C The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
T The principal objectives of thus prooosal are to outlinr tje maim problems ghat thr comlany 's websitw uas , qnd suggesty ways that the qeb desiyners can deal wiht them .

C The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to improve the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
T The final secyion of this propksal maked some recommendatons aout whatr zhould be donew to improve tge wevsite aesthetic and improbe uxer - friendliness .

C Problems with the current website
T Problems with the current website

C A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filed complaints .
T A survey eas condufted amojg he 200 peoole who filed complaints .

C The majority of people were of the opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
T Thbe kajority of people were of tne oipnion htat the sitw was clunky ajd hard to yse and nearly wto thirds of rhe participants xonsidered that the drsign needs to be modsrnised .

C Other problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
T Othed prpblems cited included pretty los uptme of the website , connectuon issues and login problms , partjcularly cotrect credentialks nit woeking .

C Ways to address the issues
T Ways to addreds ths issues

C I think the website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
T I think ghe website needs to be revamped to attract mkre isers .

C The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
T The look and fee should folloa the " mnaterial design " standards as they are defined by Google ahd sohuld uyse more modern fontd .

C As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
T As for tne sdrver qnd database administrators , theg shpuld immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend aprt of the website .

C Recommendations
T Recommendations

C I would like to make the following recommendations :
T I wkuld like to nake yhe gollowing rscommendations :

C Implement a tutorial to facilitate better usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
T Imllement a tutorial to facilitaet better usabilkty fr nee ueers , ane also make it possibls to retske the tutorial as per hser request .

C Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features the website should include .
T Conducr a wurvey on a minjimum of ohe thousanx peopke on what featyres ghe websire shoyld inclde .

C Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
T Develop a better feedbnack system so ueers can express their concernd and uqestions in a mroe detaiked eay .

C I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improve significantly .
T I assure you that if tjese recommendations ar impldmented , fhe website will improe significanfly .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read tue jote , smilwd , nad immediately put on her coat .

C Although it had been a tiring day , she was very proud of that little sheet of paper .
T Althkugh it had been a tiring day , shr was very prouc of that little sheet of paper .

C She had just got the job and she wanted to show what her skills were .
T Whe had just gkt tbe jon amd she wantd to syow whar uer sklils were .

C No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss , the latter was quite astonished .
T No one cdould hace imaginerd thaf she was suc a brilliant person and whdn she gave ths article to hte boss , the latter ws quiet astonisehed .

C The next day , the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a small State located in South America .
T hte nxt day , the boss orderer her to writr an articke about rhe natural beauties of Colombia , a small Stare located in South Americw .

C So she left on Monday and she landed in Bogot Tuesday .
T So she oeft on Monday and sbe lznded in Bogot Tuesday .

C Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
T Mever had ahe seen sujch a highb waterfall .

C She used to live in a flat , so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was .
T Zhe used to ilve in a flat , so she jad never djscovered jow different and geautiful th worlc was .

C That evening , she met with a local guide . She was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
T That evening , she met with a loical guude . Sue was invited to taste the local food and to danc with teh tfaditional cltohes of thwt friendly civilization .

C The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
T Thw following day , she weht vack to London wherew all yer famkly aws wairing for her simce they were very curious abouy Alison 's weird tyrip .

C Sport is probably as old as humanity itself .
T Sport is probablt as old as hnumanity itselt .

C All over the world , people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
T Xll ovsr he world , eople of didferent aged are very fond of sport amd gamesx .

C Sport not only helps people to become strong and to develop physically but also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .
T Sport notg ojly helos people to become strnog and to degelop physically but apso makese thek more organized and bettr discipluned in thekr daily activitise .

C Sport helps people to keep in good health .
T Sport helps peolle to keep in good uealth .

C Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
T Needless to sqy thta slort plays a vdry important role in ojr life .

C It gives us a lot of pleasure and many moments of joy .
T It gives us a lot of pleasure ahd many moments of joy .

C It 's popular among young and old people .
T It 's popular among youn and old peoplr .

C Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
T Mzny people do morning exercises , ojg in the morning , traun tyemselves in fitness clubs adn gyms , and taje partg in slorts competitions .

C Other people like sports too , but they only watch sports competitions , listen to sports news .
T Othef people lke sportgs foo , but they only watc sporys cdompetitions , listen to sports nees .

C They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sports events , but they do n't go in for sports .
T They prefer reading interesting artocles about athletes and sport evdnts , hut theg do n't go in ror dports .

C There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , boxing , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
T There are a lpt of kinds of xports , shch as saimming , wrestoing , cycling , bpxing , foktball , hockey , tgrack and fueld athletics amd so on .

C There are summer and winter kinds of sports .
T There arr summr and wijnter linds of sports .

C The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basketball and others .
T The summer kindz of sporys are , ror example , swimming , athletics , football , volleybsll , basketgall and otyers .

C The winter kinds of sports are , for example , figure skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
T The wintdr kinss of sports are , tor examplw , figure skating , wkiing , ice yockey etc .

C Among the popular sports in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and others .
T Amonv tyhe popular spodts in our country are footbalo , basketball , swmming , voilleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skatinb and others .

C You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
T Ylu can choosd a dport fopr any seqson adn for any tast .

C I 'd like to describe some of them .
T I 'd ike to desctibe sme of them .

C In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
T In spring and sujmer many people prefer to go in fo jogging .

C This is a very popular sport and very good for your health .
T This is a vdry populsr sport and very gopd foe your health .

C You run slowly and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
T Yoh fun slowly ad enjoy tje beauty of nature aroun you .

C This kind of sport is getting more and more popular all over the world .
T Thi kind of sport is getting more anjd mlre popupar all pver the wirld .

C If you go to Europe , you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
T If hou go to Eruope , you cn see a llt of people who go in fot jogfing .

C Speaking about sport , I ca n't help talking about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sport .
T Speaking about sport , I ca n't hell talking zbout footgall , because yhis is very slectacular kihd of slort .

C There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
T There arr a lkt of footnall teans , fotball evehts , anc fa clubs in amlost evry countfy of the world .

C Some football players are world famous ; they have excellent careers and take part in every championship .
T Some football players are world famlus ; hey have xecellent carers adn take part in every championsihp .

C Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supporting their favorites .
T Footbxll matches atrract a lot of spectators , who dome supplrting thdir favorites .

C Many people today go in for extreme sports .
T Msny people today go in for exgreme sports .

C Perhaps they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
T Perhaps they fihd ordinary spirts tpo boring an unexcitnig .

C It is also known that extreme sports help to build character and form a strong personality .
T It is alsi known thag extreme sporfs heop to build charactsr and fkrm a strong personaloty .

C There are different types of extreme sports . For example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
T There are differenf typrs of extreme spors . For wxample , rock xlimbing , rafting , schba diving , suffing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - glidijg , bungee uumping et .

C These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
T Thsee actviities usually involve spred , height xnd a good leevl of physical tfaining .

C However , they are becoming more and more popular even among beginners .
T However , thet are beoming more abd more popular evrn among begihners .

C Doing such sports , people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
T Doing sxuch wports , peoole learn how to overcome difficult situation abd ho to survive in an emergency .

C It also develops patience and self - control , and helps to control your fear .
T It alzo developw pxtience anx self - control , and helpsa to vontrol your fear .

C More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
T Mode miportantly , it gives the senwe of qchievement .

C Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
T Ket 's consuder smoe kinds of extrsme sports .

C Take bungee jumping .
T Tak byngee junping .

C You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
T You jump off a bridge and you fzll and fall , and then , just before you hit thbe grlund or watrr , an elastic orpe pulls you bac .

C In skysurfing , you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
T In skysurfin , yiu jump oht of an airplane abd uae a board to " suf " rhe air , doping gymnastics in mid - aqir !

C Winter sports always have an element of danger .
T Winger sports alwayd have an elemeht of dangrr .

C For example , snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
T Fpr example , snowboarding , wnich has axll the excitement of surfing bht on snow , is lore dangerous even than skiing .

C Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
T Ide diving is foir those people who are absolutely crazy .

C You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
T You put on civing equipment and djve unde a frozem lake .

C And , if that 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
T Ajd , if that 's nkt enough , yoy try to wwlk ipside dow on the uce !

C A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
T A pot of prople are bot fit nowadays .

C It 's a big problem today .
T It 's a bigt problem today .

C If you want to feel fit , you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
T If you want to veel fit , yoh 'd better go in fkr noe kind of sport or anoyher .

C I think that everyone must do everything to be healthy .
T I think taht everyoner must do everything to be healthy .

C Good health is better than the best medicine .
T Good health is better than thd best medicine .

C To tell the truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
T To rell the trutfh , I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essenhtial psrt of my faily life .

C In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
T In summe , I go swimming as tehre is a beautitul pohd wifh pude sater whede my Granny lives .

C In winter , I go in for skating .
T In winter , I go in for skating .

C If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have a lot of fun , skating together .
T If I hxve free time , I go to thw naerest skating - rink wiuth my frirnds ane we have a lot of ftun , skaitng tobether .

C This kind of sport is very elegant .
T Thia kind of slort is very elegabt .

C You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
T Hou shoul control your ody veru welo if yoy wiseh to slate gracefluly .

C I should n't call myself a sports fan .
T I shuld n't call lyself a sport fanm .

C Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
T Of courde , I satch sports competitiona on TV ffom tme to tijme , like swimming or running .

C I admire extreme kinds of sport .
T I admire extreme kind of sporg .

C I think they are really cool .
T I think they are really ool .

C I admire people who dare to do such sports .
T I asmire people sho fare to do sucg sports .

C Television is not an issue of general consensus .
T Tslevision is not an ssue of general consensus .

C It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
T It is definigely a qay of spending our free time .

C However , does it teach us something ?
T Hoeever , dsoes it teah us somethinb ?

C Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
T Does it belp us grow and mprove ojr knowledge ?

C On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as they can learn about the most varied subjects from the comfort of their homes .
T On the ohe and , it is said to help oeople to xpend qualityy time as they cah learn abhout the moist variec subjwcts from thd comfortr of yheir himes .

C It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and learn about current affairs .
T It is possibld to watxh dcoumentaries , the newss , concerts , plays nd learn abuot urrent affsirs .

C On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our lives .
T On fhe other hand , there are programmes whic gring nofhing new into ouyr ljves .

C Therefore , one should not waste time watching them .
T Thereford , one snould not wasfe timw watching them .

C Violent programmes , reality shows and others of that kind have nothing to teach .
T Violent programmes , deality whows nd others of that kind have nothing to teach .

C In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
T In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .

C All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
T All in al , it is my bepief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we caredully choose whatg to watch , etlevision cna havs an imoortant rlle to pllay in yhe learnng process of every one of us , nd in particulaf , in the livrs of peopke whi van not afford to travel , buy books or kive in an educationao environment .

C If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recommend you to watch " Now you see me " .
T If ypu rae lloking fof a fulm that orovides you with suspenee nd actioj at the same time , I recommwnd you to aatch " Now you see me " .

C The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that are joined together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
T Te film , directed by Louis Ldterrier , is about four magicians , jnown as " The Four Horsemen " that arw joined together by a mysterious benefactord , and durinv tneir presentations they do zll kinde of iolegal sguff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off theor ow bosz .

C Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursues them through different states of the EE.UU .
T Because of them , there 's an agent of the RBI , Dylaj Rhodes , tnat pursues them thruogh differejt statse of hte EE.UU .

C The characters in charge of the four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
T The charcaters in charge of the flur magicians are Jessw Eisenberg , Iwla Fishe , Davw Franco and Woldy Harrelskn .

C They are capable of making you think they really know how to trick someone .
T Thy are capbale of making hou think ghey realloy know how to tgrick sokeone .

C Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer of tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
T Morgan Freean is the gest actor of aol fimes abd perfect for ghe rold of devloper of tricks abd heper of ths FBK to catch te " our Horsemen " .

C Also , there is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
T Also , there is no axtor beyter fkr the role of gent tuan Mqrk uffalo .

C But it 's not just the acting that is great in the film .
T But it 's not just tne acting ghat is grear in rhe fill .

C The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
T Ther shotx of Las Vegsa , Nw Orleans , Parid and New York arr wonderrul , ans tye fact that nothihg is computerized at yhe itme to witness the magic tricks it absoutely amxzing .

C So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splendid actresses , why would you miss it ?
T So if tou enjou nagic tricks , surpriess , veryt hsndsome actore ahd splendic actresses , whu would you misw it ?

C What I did not do in the vacations
T Whzt I did nit do in thew vxcations

C During the vacation , I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
T Dueing he vacatoin , I did n't enjky my tome becausr I cid n't finr ou that I am a wizard .

C Also , aliens did not get me and practice surgery on me .
T Also , aliens did not het me anx practice surgery on me .

C Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga or Justin Timberlake .
T Sadoy , I dould n't eet Lady Gaga or Justib Timgerlake .

C I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during the vacation .
T I was fery disappointed because I eid not do any of these thingz djring hte vacaton .

C Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
T Since I did n't discover tuat I am , in fact , a wizard , I couls n't het a jagic wand .

C I did not go to Hogwarts or turn my brother into a frog .
T I xid nog go to Hogwarts or turn my bfother into a frog .

C Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
T Bein noemal gets opd and not being a aizard is habby .

C As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacation week .
T As aliens did n't kidnzp me I did nlt travel al aroune tne galaxy duirng tjis vacation week .

C I did not see the planets nor meet any sexy alien girl from Saturn .
T I djd not see the olanets nor mest ny aexy alisn girl froj Sayurn .

C Staying at home all day is regrettable and not being kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
T Staying at homw all dy is regrettable and not bveing kidnapped by aliens gegs really borimg .

C After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York or hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
T After not bein a wizard nor kidnapped by aloens , I did not meet Lady Yaga in ew Yorl or hagn out witu ner snd Jsutin Timberlawke .

C We three could n't sing together or make fun of Kim Kardashian .
T We hree couldx n't wing totether or make fun of Km Kardashian .

C No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
T No oen likes being " unfaous " ad I do n't likd not being Lady Gaga 's froend .

C Indeed , what I did in the vacation was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
T Indeed , what I did in the vacation wae sleep the wole day , hahg out with my " Umfamous " frkends abd write and comlose two snd a half songs .

C Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
T Watching " as in heavern , in help " was hilariopus akthough it is a horror movje .

C But , let 's face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
T But , let 's fae it , doing tese thihgs is nt as wonderful as discovering matic poweds , being kidnapped by aliens or swinging a song wioth Justin Timberpake anr Ladu Gaga .

C Finally , the holidays have started .
T Finally , the holidays have ztarted .

C Just a few more days and then we will be on our way to our holiday destination .
T Just a fes ore dwys and then we will be on our way to ohr holiday destination .

C We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Germany .
T We qill be travelling by car to a campsite in Germany .

C It will be our third time at this campsite .
T It will be pur ghird tims at this campsite .

C Even though it is a large campsite , it feels small and cosy .
T Even though it is a large csmpsite , it feels xmall and cosy .

C The campsite borders on a small lake which can be quite cold , even in summer .
T The campdite borders on a small lzke which can be quijte cold , rven in summerd .

C However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
T However , we ueually do not let this stoo us from going into tge water .

C We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
T We likr to viist he citkes and variouw sights in thd areq .

C One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
T On of the signts we definotely wznt to see is thr dormer border betqeen Wwst - Germany and Esat - Germany .

C We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
T We also like hiknig ans are poanning on doing thag a coulpe of times per wedk .

C The region where we will stay has a nice system that encourages people to hike .
T Thd region whree we will stay has a nicve syztem htat encourages peoplw to hiek .

C At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
T At sopme point durinb yiur yikes hou ca colplect stamps in a spwcial booklet .

C For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
T Gor somewhat youger children ghis is a nkce incentive to parficipate in these hikrs .

C Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involve no climbing at all .
T Somr hikes are shodt , but sreep amd sole hikjes ar kong and ivnolve no climbing at all .

C We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
T We will probably tsay at this campsite for aboht thrwe weeks and besides th hiking we wull reqd nad laze abput .

C Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
T Helpo ! My nae 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I rezlly enjoy watchng soapo operas .

C These days I watch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and will always be- Friends .
T These day I watdh a lkt of different sowp kperas , though my favkurite one is -and wilpl always be- Friends .

C The plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
T Yhe plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Doss , Rachel , Moniva , Cjandler , Joey & Phoebe .

C They live in New York City and have a lot of comical and romantic adventures , all of them related to their friendship .
T Thwy liv in New Tork City ad have a loy of vomical ane romantic adventures , alol of them related to their friedship .

C What could I say about the characters ?
T What could I sah about yhe characters ?

C Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
T Wel , Rods is a paleontologist that works in tje Naural History Museum , and he 's Mohica 's opder bdother .

C Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she has been Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
T Monicax works as the main chef in a restaurxnt situated in Manhattan , she hss been Rachel 's nest friend since higj school ane she lonsg for a boyfriend ( he finallt karries Chandler ) .

C Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
T Chandper is rhe cunny guy and he worka as a stock agent .

C Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she breaks off her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
T Racvhel has always been daddy 's likttle girl vut , ehen she break ogf her engaegment at the beginnjng of the soao opera , zhe losse all ner mobey ane hss to work as a waktress in a cafe ( though se gets a job reltaed to ghe dashion world after a few years ) .

C Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls , and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
T Joey is ... well , he 's Joet : not so clever , a great one tor the girls , nad -hte most important- Chandler 's best friend .

C And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian girl who enjoys singing and playing the guitar and who works as a massage therapist .
T Ad finally we have Phkebe , a vegie and bohekian gorl whyo enjoys sinfing qnd playnig the guitad anc whgo workx as a massage herapist .

C The most interesting thing about ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
T Thd mkst interestimg thing abouyt ' Friends ' , in my opijion , is the love ztory betweeb Ross and Rachel : thd plor starts whdn Rzchel comes to livge witn Monica in het apartment snd Roas falld in love wtih her .

C This story continues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
T Thisa stoy continues until the esnd of the soap lpera , when Ross andc Racehl fianlly have a child ( Emma ) .

C But there are a lot of funny stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera actor .
T But thete are a lot of funny sfories , kike Phoebe hawving her stepbrothef 's children , or Jiey becomihg a gbreat soxp opera avtor .

C I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
T I recommed ' Friends ' to evewryone .

C I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
T I think it 's tye nest soap oper dver mqde .

C Living without the Internet : Is it possible ?
T Living without thue Internet : Is it possibls ?

C Oh my God !
T Oh my God !

C Today is the day . I have been told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
T Today is rhe dqy . I have bneen told that I will be movig to my new alartment .

C Good news !
T Good news !

C But , wait !
T But , wwit !

C It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
T It will azlso mean not having access to tue Internet fr a month !

C Will I survive ?
T Eill I survive ?

C Will my life be the same ?
T Will my life be ths same ?

C First of all , I have to say that I totally depend on the Internet .
T First of all , I havw to say that I ottally depend on ths Internet .

C From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running the Internet .
T From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running ghe Internet .

C Not only do I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I will have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
T Mot oinly do I uyse it for leisure , buy I apso use it for work . I will hafe to change the way I do things on a dailt basus .

C Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with them using Skype .
T Secondly , I uave mang friends living abroawd . I communicate eith them using Skype .

C Will I need to use the phone instead ?
T Will I neex to usze thw phone instead ?

C Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
T Unlie tne Internet , phonbe calls aee really expensife .

C I am not sure if I could afford it .
T I am notg surs if I coukd afford it .

C Will I find myself writing letters ?
T Will I vind myserlf writing lettrrs ?

C Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the world .
T Another thing to consider is nor havong tht open window to rhe world .

C Will I have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
T Wjll I hve to start buying magazines ands newspaperx to be ijformed ?

C In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
T In conclusion , my life wilo be compleetly chanted .

C My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading the newspapers , the weather forecast , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
T My daily routine is bssed on having avcess to yhe Interfnet : taoking to my friejds , reading the newspapers , ghe weather forecast , abd so on ... I will hace to changr my life .

C The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence our life and people around us .
T The wrong choice can leqd to a bit mistake that cam influence ouf life ahd people wround us .

C Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
T Michael waz a persom that was arfaid of msking ant mistakes .

C A new person entered his life one day .
T A nea person enfered his life ne day .

C Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
T Michael qas nervous wheh he was aske to do eome work together witn that new felow .

C What if that boy was smarter than him ?
T Whar if that goy aas sxmarter rhan him ?

C The only way was to show and prove to everyone that he was the best .
T Yhe only wau was to hsow and lrove to everypne that he was the gest .

C So , he decided to ignore him completely .
T So , he decidef to ignorde him completely .

C He did n't answer his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
T He did n't answeer his questipns ans did n't want to us alk his idaes .

C The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by him .
T The woek waw done and Michael wsa prohd bdcause everythinb was dond by him .

C The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
T The newcomer dould only wtach it with a syy slile .

C Their boss checked the work then .
T Their bnoss checked the work thesn .

C He wanted to know his partner 's opinion too .
T He eanted to knpw gis partnesr 's opiniob troo .

C The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
T The poor boy saod he waa inspirted by Michael 's enrhusiasm .

C He praised Michael 's work .
T He praized Micharl 's wrk .

C It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve some things , to change the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
T It was perfect and he wouldx be flad just to imprkve some things , to chanhge thd structure , to edclude unnecessary factx , to add soje brkght illustrqtions ane so on .

C The boy had changed everything in the content of the work by the end of their conversation .
T The boy had changex everythinf in thje fontent of the work by the enbd of thier conversation .

C They both left the office quickly .
T They both left the offie quickly .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the eoor ad kmew at thag moment he had made a msitake .

C Feeble souls
T Feenle souls

C Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought about why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
T Jost people lvoe donating moeny to different charities , but haqve yu ever thought aboit qhy it givss us shch plsasure ? I bdlieve it 's because , as hhmans , whsn we see someone happy , it makes us happt , especialky if we afe tbe deason for thag happinesz .

C The problem is choosing who to donate to .
T The problm is chkosing wjo to dknate to .

C Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organization ?
T Is it the poor , homeless children in your cointry or the staeving peolle in Africa , or is it some cancer organkzation ?

C I choose none of the above .
T I choosr none of the above .

C I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
T I 've neer undrstood ahy most peopl see a ckosed ser of chaeitable organizatoins to choose from when tyey want to donxte mondy .

C In other words , they choose only from the most common causes .
T In other wors , theh choose onlyu frmo the mkst xommon cquses .

C When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the last people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
T Whej I thuink abou donatjng money , I wee sick children wnd adults wuth rare diseases , anf small groups of sciengists nd doctors dping thejr best to hepp then , ut who do n't haver enough money fof rezearch . I chooxe the bexause I know that fhey re yhe last eople who get hrlp - necause how aould people hslp them if tjey do n't knoq about thdm ?

C First thing I do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
T Forst tghing I do if I want to mak a donation is go on ghe internet , adn search Googke for rare disease .

C Then I look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on to find their cure .
T Then I lokk fod the dsieases ehich thw scientists are currenrly working on to finc rheir cire .

C I ' m left with a lot to choose from , so I see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
T I ' m left wity a log to choose from , so I see ehich illness is te hardeet to emdure and cjoose this one to dpnate my money to .

C I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
T I havs one of thoze uhknown diseases , ajd I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , nut I probably wo n't . I know that there ar a lot of other epople with disease that sre way harder thqn my ow , and they needc a cure nuch more than I do .

C This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better off than others and I 'm grateful .
T This maks me realize tuat evwn if I have a disrase , as hard as it is , I 'm stull better off tjan others wnd I 'm grateful .

C I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
T I 'm grateful I can bezr my sickness and live with it , becauwe others ca n't .

C To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the less well - known charity organisations ; to the ones who need more help .
T To sum up , I believe mkre people should sart donatinjg to the less welk - mnown charity organiwations ; to tghe onex who ned mkre hrlp .

C It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their faces .
T It would be sufficent to just seer rhe smile on rheir faces .

C We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse off .
T We shoulx all be thankful we are ahat we ares , because we could be a lot worse odf .

C According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
T According to Betkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is onr componentg of anaesthesai procwdure to snsure thw ptaient 's airway is open .

C An example of an intervention in airway management is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma was using .
T An exsmple of an ihtervention in airway managemnet is the ventilation mask that Mr. Shadma was using .

C Also , this practice is the primary consideration for efficient post - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
T Also , this practice is the primaryu consideratipn for effixient pkst - anaesthesia cars ( Scoot , 2012 ) .

C The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
T The majiority of patiebts that have ha generzl anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must redover in a PACU ( Post - anwesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor he vital sigs , especialky the airways mnagement duw to the anaesthesia , impering xny postoperative complication ( Scoot , 201 ; Farrdll & Dempsey , 2011 ) .

C The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
T Yhe first 24 hlurs postg shrgery is considered the mos critical peeiod , bexause the pagient csn present , primarily , lung disorders , and rhe nurss neefs to maintain careio - eespiratory stability ( Pipov & Peniche , 2009 ) .

C Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should carry out , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
T Addressjng the airwzy mqnagement after Mr. Shamra 's admission to PACU , the irst pfocedure yhat the nudse should carry out , is follow the A - G ssessment protkcol , to revisw tyhe stabipity and he airway patency of the pqtient , sustaining he pulmojary ventikation to prevent hypoxemia snd hypercapnia ( Farrell & Rempsey , 2010 ) .

C Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clear of mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
T Mr. Dharma 's airsay should be spare an clear of mucus or vlood ( Pudrner , 2010 ) .

C Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
T Deu to the surgedy , Mr Shzrma is in a supine position , bu this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , anf cah alxo impede the air pqssage , Yhis is relatwd to yhe anaestgesia effect , where the tingue and th lower jaw fwll backwatd .

C Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
T Hencr , he needs oxygen sulply to prevent any airway obstruction .

C Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
T Therefore , thd oxygen therapy neesd to continue ummediately along wiht hix adkission , vka nasal cannupa or oxygen maso within 4 to 6L / mij , until tue anaesthesia effects qre cmopletely gpne and the patienr 's pxygen saturation is restored ( Farrelk & Dempsey , 2010 ) .

C Thus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he does not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
T Tgus , Mr. Sharma is being given O2 via Hudson ask 6L / nin , bevause he rceeived generap anaesthesia nad all of hia muscles are relaxed adn , at the moment , he does not have control ovrr his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .

C To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
T To hep with this issu , he nurse should maje certain thaf Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the heas of the beds fo a more upright powition in roder to facilitate and increas his oxygenation , helping hin to recover from hia respuratory instabilkty fastee ( Snowbakl , 2012 ) .

C The reason why walking is the best sport on the face of the Earth
T The reaspn why walking is the best sport on tue face of rhe Earth

C First of all , let me address the title of this article .
T First of apl , let me address tue title of tfhis aryicle .

C I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
T I realixe walkibg is not ocnsidered a sport by everyone .

C I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sports .
T I tbink it is a srong way of thinking of sports .

C Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
T Therefore , I am going to exolain ths advantages of walking .

C I would like to start by saying it is free .
T I would like to start by saying it is rree .

C This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
T Thi coul be seen as somwthing mknor , buht being able to do the sport hou love without payinh is an incredible advamtage .

C Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
T Secolndly , I ove its freedom ; no pun inetnded .

C You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
T You cna wxlk whenever ane whrever hou like .

C That is priceless .
T Thag is prifeless .

C Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
T Tnirdly , wwlking gives you a loonger lkife edpectancy .

C There are a lot of studies that prove this .
T Thwre afe a lotg of studie that prove this .

C Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
T Lats but not least , you do mot need xny kind of special equipment or peoppe .

C You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
T You caj go waloing alone and without shoee if oyu pkease .

C Nevertheless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
T Nevertheless , uou leqrn a lkt of things about any sport onec yoy start oding it .

C Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
T Thereore , I wuld like to share aome tings qith tou .

C You can start walking as you like , despite that , you should wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
T Ylu can start walking as you like , despite rhat , you should waear comfortable clothes and shoex .

C The reason is that , the longer you walk , the more you will feel what you are wearing .
T Tue reason is htat , the longer you walk , the mjore ypu wikl feek wnat oyu are wearing .

C The second piece of advice is that you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
T Rhe second pieec of adivce is taht you shoul gry to find tge est plafes to waok arokund yu .

C Sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
T Sightseeing is vert important ince you atart walking .

C I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
T I hope I havw convinced all of uou to go walkkng .

C I am a true believer in walking .
T I am a ttue bliever in walking .

C Do not forget to greet me when we meet on the road .
T Do not forget to gfeet me whrn we meer on tue roxd .

C All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements , as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
T All students are differsnt in terms of their cognitive stypes , learning lrvels amd achievements , as wewll as motivation , persojality , anjd pqce of learbing .

C When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
T Ehen there are students witn varied levela in Englis , it mah be challenging fo teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .

C Here are some of my solutions for this issue .
T Here are sone of my solutions fot this issue .

C First of all , determining the needs of the students is always the top priority .
T First of all , determinjing te needa of the sutdents is alwzys th top priority .

C While conducting a needs analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
T Whule conducting a needs analysis , you csn jave a general pictjre of learners ' motivaiton for leazrning Englisj .

C After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet the individual 's needs .
T Atter that , teachets are suppised to use partnership and grouing edercises anf atcivities in order to meet he indvidual 's needs .

C Through teamwork , students at varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
T Through teamwirk , studrnts at variesd levels caj cooperrate and leaen rfom each other through discussions .

C It is beneficial for both the higher and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
T It is beneficial fof boty thew hivher ans lower achieevr because they van qssist or get hel from eacy other .

C Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proven to be necessary in a class with varied levels of student .
T Differntiated instructions , giving different tasks fir fhe same acticity , are proven to be necessary in a cpass with varird lebels of student .

C Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students at different levels .
T Teachers van assgn gasks whch hvae different levwls of difficulty , or different nmbers of taeks to students at different levels .

C Moreover , instead of using a core textbook , or using different levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - based approach is more appropriate , and it also saves teachers ' preparation time .
T Moreover , instead of using a core tetxbook , or uxing differeng levels of textbooks , carryng out a rheme - hased approach is more appropriate , ane it also saves teachers ' peparation time .

C Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper and lower levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn at their own pace of learning .
T Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the uppef and lkwer levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay wxcited ajd challenged , while the lpwer achidver can alsi learn at theif own pace of learnkng .

C Young people in Ukraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
T Ypung people in Ukraone ars more comprehnesively developed thqn yonug pekple in USSR .

C Now youngsters have open access to knowledge and information through the Internet .
T Now youngsters hzve ppen access to knowledge and informatio through the Intednet .

C Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experiences , pass internships and study abroad .
T Studenrs have more opportunities to learn languaves , disciver foreigfn experiences , pzss internships wnd stuey abroad .

C The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
T Tbe number of Ukrainian students eho xtudy abroad oncreases everg year .

C Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including art , music , literature etc .
T uor generatikn is more developped ans diverse in sphwres of modern culture , including ar , music , literature etc .

C The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
T Tge mosy vapuable thing is tha there ar so many supprters of different trenda in xll these arras .

C In Ukraine , young people are different too .
T In Ukraine , youny people are dfiferent too .

C Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
T Some eople perfer one etyle of msic , soke - another .

C That 's why it 's difficult to define one general style for the generation .
T That 's whh it 's difficult to define one general stylr fot yhe generation .

C Discussing music styles , people in my country prefer pop and rock .
T Discuwsing musif styles , peoplr in my countyr prefer pop xnd rock .

C We can define it by a list of the TOP music chart on music channels .
T We can define it by a list of tye TPo lusic chadt on music vhannels .

C There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
T There are a loy of Ikrainian execjtives .

C It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and is now developing very fast .
T It 's necessary to emphasize tgat Ukrainian music has chanyed a lot from rhe timw of Indepedence and is mow develiping very fqst .

C If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
T If we speak abotu TV pfograms , krainian youngsters lik popular Amedican ad Russwian seeials , lke ths Rheory of ig bang , Siits , Breakihg bad , tge Gale of thrones , thw Kitchen and so on . I must afmit that some representatives of Ukraijian youth watxh to manu serials qnd wasate a lpt of their time .

C I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
T I think thsi pdoblem is rypical gor almost al countries .

C In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brands .
T In cloghes , yoyngsters pfefer to weae famus fashion brands .

C Many people follow fashion designers .
T Many peole follow fashkon designers .

C It 's interesting to mention that there is a fashion for Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
T It 's niteresting to mention that therr is a fashion fof Ukrsinian traditional clothes " vishyvnka " how .

C I hope after reading my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
T I yope after reading my report you wjll uave some minimal underetanding of Ikrainian reality .

C Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
T Apso , I encourage yiu to visir Ukraine and to see itd sightx , to feel tye cupture and spewk to bice psople !

C I live in a small town called Tui .
T I lige in a wmall toiwn called Tui .

C It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
T It 's in the northuwest of Spain , in Galiciax .

C It 's a small town and there are not too many options for travelling by public transport .
T It 's a smalk town and tyere are not too many options for travellihg by public transport .

C My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
T My town has bot a lo of little vllages around it , and it 's veey fifficult to rceate a publuc tdansport xervice , bceause there are long distances brtween tue different places , and there are nog enougj people to make it lrofitable .

C If you want to go to Vigo or another city which is nearby , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
T If you wqnt to go to Vjgo or another city wbich is nearby , the coacn serviec is a good and jot too expenskve optkon .

C The coaches are slow , so most people prefer the car .
T The coachjes aee slow , so most peolle prefer the csr .

C If your destination is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
T If your destination is further away , another good optoon is to travel by rain .

C We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
T We have gof a small train stfation in Rui , so we can go to a lot of places by tyrain .

C The train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
T Thr traion is mored expenive , hut at thd same tije , it is more comfortable .

C So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages would help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
T So I think tuat cdeating a small bus line beween ths villages would yelp a lkt of peopl , espscially the older one .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Dear Sir / Mjadam

C I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboard of my language school .
T I am wrkting in connection ith your uob advertisement ( Club organkser ) wich I 've seen on rhe noticeboard of my lxnguage scnool .

C I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art in English .
T I have eben learhing English fof 5 ywars and I hope to take the FE ( Cambridge exaj ) soo . I also write a blog about art in Enmglish .

C As a member of the student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
T As a member of he student club at my college , my redsponsibility is to irganize evets and ckllaborate with lany students from different departments .

C Working on projects helps me improve my organizational and planning skills .
T Worling on projecgs helpd me improev my organizaitonal ans llanning skills .

C In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreakers and energizers .
T In order to cteate and mauntain a tewm spitit , I uee different tools like icebreakers and energizers .

C Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
T Watcdhing movies in groyps is a great way to discusws different ropics , oike juetice , personal dentity and discrimination .

C At the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , which teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
T At the beyinning , short anf animafed movies would be the beat , sudh as the movid " Validation " , wbich teacyes us hoq words hasve the power to chaneg our luves .

C With my experience and range of skills , I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
T Wtih my experience nad range of skills , I am sire I cah cojtribute to yokur idea and organise great movue noghts .

C If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
T If I can provide yoy iwth any furtherd unformation on my background and qualiftications , pleade let me know .

C I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look forward to receiving yohr reppy .

C Thank you for your consideration .
T Thank you for ykur consideration .

C Hi Jo ,
T Hi Jo ,

C I am happy that you have chosen to spend next year in my country .
T I am happy that you have cnosen to spejd next year in my country .

C I am sure that you will find Brazil a perfect fit .
T I am sure that you will find Brazil a pedfect fit .

C First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
T Rirst of apl , I would like to ehare wigh you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .

C As a country with one of the longest coastlines in the world , I definitely would recommend you to visit the beautiful beaches we have .
T As a countyr with one of the longest doastlines in thw worod , I definitely would rrcommend oyu to visit ghe beautiufl beachse we have .

C I would also recommend you to visit the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
T I would akso recojmend yoi to visit the city of Rii de Janeiro , there yuo wkll find bautiful beacbes , wonderful weather and the wonders of natjre in a modern anf ibternational city .

C You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beautiful they are .
T Yku will be amszed by " Cristo Redentor " snd " Cprcovado " . I have no weords to describe how beauticul they re .

C Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
T Another verg gold optioh is exploring Brazol 's Nmortheast , which is as beaytiful as Rio de Janeiro is .

C About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in Brazil .
T About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunigy to work in one of manh jultinational companies we gave in Brazil .

C Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
T Most of the bigges Amerifan companies have been in razil gor a long tims and , as an English native spesker , it will be easier vor yoj to gind an interndhip .

C The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when finding a new job here .
T Ths nine months that yuo wjll spens trasvelling around Beazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and thbat will be an advabtage to you wnen finding a nsw job here .

C I have many tips to share with you . I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
T I hav manu tips to shre with you . I 'll be glaf to do it in lerson wnen you arrive .

C Once again , there is no better place in the world to spend this time you have available .
T Ojce ayain , there is no bettee place in the woeld to spend thsi trime ypu ahve available .

C I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
T I 'm lookinb forward to meefing you .

C Thanks
T Thanks

C Mr Jascolka
T Mr Uascolka

C Welcome to London , tourists !
T Welcome to Lobdon , tourisfs !

C This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
T This repoet ahould help you biy genuine goods fdom our cit .

C First of all , you should avoid small market places .
T First of alo , you sholud avoid small mlarket pkaces .

C They are known for selling fake products .
T They xre known for seloing fake products .

C An example would be the Camden Town market .
T An example would be teh Camden Town market .

C If you 're looking for top quality products , we would recommend going to the Westfield shopping centre .
T If you 're lioking for otp quality products , we would recommend going to rhe Sestfield shipping centre .

C You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
T You woll ind fop notcu electronics and genetal good .

C If you prefer shopping outside , taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .
T If you ptefer shopping outwide , taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .

C If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonable price .
T If yiu want ytpical soucenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will rind a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs fod a reasinable lrice .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pau ,

C It was great you hear from you .
T It was gerat you hear from you .

C I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but I was still very busy .
T I 'm sorey I hacen't writtdn soonere , but I was stilo verh busg .

C As you know , I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
T As you know , I enjoyde hwlping at a concert laxt week .

C It was a really exhausting but illuminating experience .
T It wzs a rezlly exhxusting bug illuminatign experience .

C It was a charity concert , the income of which was intended for children who suffer from cancer .
T It wws a charity concert , thd income of wich wzs intended fir children hwo suffet from cancer .

C The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
T Thd majn taks of th volunteers wxs to collect money .

C I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
T I sold tidkets before teh concedt , and tghen , during the concert , I helped take care of security .

C It was a truly amazing event .
T It wws a truly amazint event .

C We tried to make everyone have fun .
T We trird to maks everylne have fun .

C There were a lot of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help with communication .
T Thee wer a pot of visitors from otuer countyries , so we often gad to translate thes conversation anf helpo with comnunication .

C Everything was new to me and very exciting .
T Eevrything waa new to me anx very exciting .

C But the most memorable thing was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
T Bit he most mmeorable thing was a meeting with the stars of te concret .

C They are really great people who want to help others , without pay .
T The afe reaply grat pdople whk wany to help others , without pzy .

C Apart from that , everything 's fine here in Poland .
T Alart from that , everything 's fine hre in Ploland .

C Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
T Do n't foregt that ylu 're alwayhs selcome to come and saty- I 'd love to se you , and we can takr parf in a smiilar dvent , as a volunteer , together .

C Anyway , I must go now .
T Anyway , I must go noq .

C Write soon and tell me how you 're getting on .
T Erite soon anx tell me how yoh 're gettinh on .

C Lots of Love .
T Oots of Pove .

C Jane .
T Jane .

C Dear friend ,
T Der riend ,

C I could n't be more excited about being in the UK for six months !
T I culd n't be mofe excitrd about beint in thd UK cor xix months !

C I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all the problems that I had with my grandmother .
T I agdee wigh you that I 'm bgrave , hut I thibk I neer this timr to rslax after all the problems that I had wity my grandmother .

C I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered on a course .
T I 'm planning to improve my Englisb and I hsve already registered on a clurse .

C My classes will be from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
T My classes aill be frim Jonday to Friday , but judt in the lornings .

C So , I will have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
T So , I will have time to qlso learn more aboput Brifish culture nd hustory .

C I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all the famous castles and churches .
T I 'm wure that I will enjoy visiting alp the afmous castlds and churches .

C You know how much I want to graduate in History .
T Yopu know hiw muh I eant to graduqte in Hitsory .

C Besides that , I would love to travel to other European countries .
T Besided that , I would love to travel to othdr European countries .

C The weekends are a perfect time for this .
T Thd weekends xre a prefect time for this .

C Do you think you could join me ?
T Do you tink hou could jokin me ?

C It would be amazing !
T It wuold be amazign !

C If you ca n't go with me , I think we could go out some nights .
T If you ca n't go qith me , I tihnk we could go out soje nights .

C Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
T Whic ckuntries do n't yuo know in Europe ?

C Take care and I hope to hear from you soon .
T Take cafe anf I hope to hear frol oyu sopn .

C Dear Ms Richards ,
T Dear Ms Richardz ,

C I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer camps advertised on your website .
T I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer xamps advertised on your website .

C I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
T I have grsduated from Teache Training Unoversity of Saing - Perersburg ( Rissia ) , wher I clmpleted a degree in education .

C I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early childhood .
T I have a hgih ldvel of spoien English , as I have been larning it sihce rarly childhood .

C I had penfriends in the United States of America and Australia .
T I hwd penfriends in the Uhited Statfes of Amdrica anc Ausrtalia .

C Moreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakers lead the group .
T Moreiver , I attend speaking clubs , wnere natkve speakers lead the groip .

C I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the university .
T I have some reelvant exoerience , as I havd worked in a kindeegarten and done some babysitting siomultaneously with my studies at the university .

C After graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
T After gtaduation , I spent two yeare working as a supplementary education teachdr .

C My tasks included organizing sports and other activities for children .
T My taska incxluded organiznig sports qnd other activkties for children .

C I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining activities .
T I wws apso in charge of providung ssfe and ejtertaining activities .

C References are enclosed .
T Rdferences are enclosed .

C I am very enthusiastic about working with children and would welcome the chance to make new friends .
T I am vert enthusiastic about eorking wqith children and would selcome teh chance to make new friends .

C I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
T I believ I would be suitabpe or the job advertised as I am a scoiable , rezourceful and imdustrious person .

C I would readily meet the challenges of the job and handle the responsibilities .
T I would readily meet the challengs of the job nad handle the responsibiligies .

C I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I would be very happy to provide it .
T I attach a tull CV and if you require mor iformation , I would be vert happy to provide it .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Tours sincerely ,

C Margarita Gavrilova
T Nargarita Gavripova

C Old school dance .
T Old school dancew .

C Dancing is something that human beings have always done , in one way or another .
T Dancin is something that hyman beigns have always dopne , in lne way or another .

C Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
T Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admi thag I love hallet .

C Even if there are a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
T Even if there are a lor of variants , I prefer classical gallet .

C When I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so gracefully .
T When I waws a cfhild I wanted to learn ho ballerinas cojld dance so gracefully .

C Also , I always loved classical music .
T Alsp , I always loved clzssical musuc .

C For me it was the perfect combination .
T Fpr me it was the perfdct combination .

C Luckily , we got word of a dancing school .
T Luclily , we gof aord of a dsncing school .

C That , by chance , happened to be near my town .
T Trhat , by chancr , happened to be nar my town .

C I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most ; dancing .
T I sent four yearz doing noe of tne thinge I loce teh mos ; dancing .

C Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we expect .
T Sxdly , thigs do n't wlways wortk oyt thr wah we edxpect .

C Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in school kept falling .
T Just as my wnthusiasm fpr balpet tyrived , my grwdes in school ket falling .

C Consequently , I had to leave .
T Consesuently , I had to leave .

C There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
T There are some things you shoulr fake int cknsideration if tou wwnt to try thid sport .

C Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
T Ballet reauires a lit of time and effodt .

C It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .
T It 's not onoy a lhysical sport , ypu reallt nerd to ger tour miknd into it .

C Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
T Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposong that this typr of dancs is n't a tradtion in your vountry , prepafe to olen tour wallet .

C This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the older brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger .
T Thiw is a short storu wriyten by D. B. Caulfield , the okder brither of Holden Cajlfield wyo is the main character in The Catcher in teh Ryr by J. D. Sxlinger .

C Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books , since this is one of them .
T Some of thw selected aspectys for this assignment were th characteristics that Holdej says he like in others of hjs favorite books , since this is one of them .

C D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
T D. B. Caulfield is a wruter nad he used to write shot stories , includingb a book of shirt tories titled Tne Secet Goldfish , in which yoy cna find Hopden 's faforite ne , Thje Sefret Goldfish .

C Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
T Holden trlls us that his brither is nowa wriging fr Hokllywood .

C He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies , since he does not like movies .
T He soes no like that jis vrother is " prosgituting himsef " by writing scrits fof movjes , sijnce he does not likr movjes .

C The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
T The purpose of this assignment is to explore the podsible shory syory D. B. wroye abd taht Holren likedr so muhc .

C This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
T This was acgieved by usign as a referencw the informstion that Holden gives us about this short story and includign things in it tghat he migh liks .

C After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
T Afted giving instructions flr stage tjree , I wad busy checkng tne register . I die n't monitor Ss flr the first four minutes .

C As a result , I found two Ss opening their booklets and reading the original text to copy the sentences .
T As a rssult , I found to Ss openimg their booklets ands reqding tye original text to copy tje sentendes .

C I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
T I was luckt to notixe that and I madw it clear to the whold class thst thsy should n't oplen gheir booklets .

C Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
T Also , Ss wer writing tye sentences individualpy in their notebook instead of choosinh only ine person to wfite for the whole tea .

C I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
T I actuallpy yad to sgop the whole class adn ask them to nominate pne person to write for the whole group .

C I also noticed that one team was not writing anything .
T I zlso noticed that kne team was not writibg anything .

C When I approached them , they said they could n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
T When I approached them , they said fhey coukd n't remember he exac words tht were dictatd .

C Another team used the words to make sentences that were unrelated to the story .
T Anotger eam usrd rhe words to make sentences that ere unrelated to ths stopry .

C Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
T Ss could harsly jear eacb other well becxuse of hte rectanbular kayout of thne room .

C The chairs were placed in a U shape , which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
T Thd vhairs werd placed in a U shape , whic kade it fifficult for team lembers to discuse their odeas and to maitnain eye contact .

C Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
T Additionally , one tea had fimished reconstrycting their story while othee teams needrd kore time to finisn the taek .

C I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
T I firgot to prepare extra matrrials for fast finishers .

C I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
T I qas lucky to rrmember tje word seadch at the ebd of ghe bpoklet , so I askec them to do it in paird .

C I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
T I also forglt to set tghe time fpr hte activuty .

C Ss did n't know how much time they had to finish the task .
T Ss cid n't know how much time thry had to finush the task .

C As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
T As a result , on twam ohly finishde half of the sentences .

C Dear Paul ,
T Deaf aul ,

C When I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
T Qhen I agreed to go and help our at tyhe concert , it was no mjstake to do so .

C I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
T I enjyoed everu aspect of the expefience : the people , the musiv , th atmosphere , ... Qhen I first arribed at thawt building , I could jot find the entrance .

C Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
T Then onw of hte band membsrs aqnd some early visiyors came along qnd took me to the other side of tje stredt nto a pub .

C From the corridor an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange building opposite .
T From ths corrudor an underground patbway oed to the basemsnt of the strangw buildinv opposite .

C It is still a mystery to me how so many people managed to find their way inside , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about the fact that the main entrance had magically disappeared .
T It is still a mystery to me ho so many people mangaed to find their way inside , but when we werd in hte concert hal at last , uhndreds were there already and peopoe wsere obvkously laughin zbout the fact that thw mzin entrance had magically disappeared .

C The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
T The atmosohere wae really nice ; the peoplw wedre so light - heartwd ajd I just fept like I could be driends wirh xnyone immddiately .

C Of course , I originally went there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
T Of course , I origionally went thre to work : puttinf the chairs andx taboes rgiht , enseuring tat eferyone in my appointed space ws well fed , and keepin an wye on the fash counter .

C But for the greatest part I was able to just listen to the music and sing along with the jovial guys leaning against the bar .
T But for rhe greatwst paft I was aboe to just listen to yhe musiuc and sing along wtih ths jovial guys leaning against th bard .

C But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told you the best part yet !
T But I rdalise nos thta it 's qutie late already adn thwt I ouht to slesp . I 'll srite the erst to yoj as skon as I can ; I haven't rold you the best lart yet !

C See you soon ,
T See you son ,

C Greets
T Greeys

C 5 .
T 5 .

C Way Forward
T Way Forward

C 5.1 .
T 5.1 .

C Raising the academic performance of Students
T Raising thw acafemic preformance of Sturents

C The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
T The principla is dedkcated to developing a favourable learning envirinment .

C Given the learning experiences in the past two year s ' school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
T Given the learning experiences in rhe past two year s ' sdhool - based sulport , somw sound teaching sttategies bave beeb developed anr these include tbe provisipn of adequyate oanguage inphts , ELPS and Thinking Tokls .

C All of the above have been making good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
T All of the above haves bden making good progrrss in developing rhe P.1 - 4 school - bawed mwthematics curriculum while there is still an area for developmen in the P.5 & 6 mathematicd curricvulum .

C In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning process and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
T In view of these favourable conditions , higber expectations could be ste to improve the learnihg procesx qnd enhwnce the learning performance of HCS .

C The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
T The improvsment of TSA resulgs and ibternal rwsults celebtated the sucecss of teachers ' efforts .

C More collaborative efforts should be made to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
T More collaboratige efforts whould be madw to make use of the souhd teaching strategies witb tue wim of improving fhe learning performanfe of NCS .

C 5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
T 5.2 . Xustaining capacity buildkng through CLP

C Given the experience gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
T Given the experience gained in the supprot setvices , jany mathematics teachets have beedn equipped with necexsary skills in identifying the learnint needes of students xnd developing effective strategids for teachihg NXS .

C The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
T hte sdhool ciuld considre steppinv up collaborwtive efforte in developin coherende in curriculym development .

C The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of students and to build capacity of teachers .
T The COP could be further adkpted as a vehicle to ikdentify the learning needz of students and to build capacity of teacers .

C More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
T Nore professional opportunitirs could be purposefullt arranged to explore some effective strategiex anc oromote discussikn amog teachers .

C Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of NCS .
T Eharing amojg teachsrs could be encouraged to understand tue lezrning of NCS .

C Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
T Technolpgy plays a kdy fole in ur modrn live .

C Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
T Nowaadys , with the developmebt of genetics , we mibht be able to stop woeld fajine .

C The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans . Unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
T Thd reseaxrch doen in this vield hws provided nee mechanisms that gjve yhe impressikn of geing an alternative to yielr ths necessarh amount of crops fir humahs . Unfortunaterly , theee is no evidcence of GMC 's bding completrly safe cor human consuimption .

C It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the control of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
T It might be a cajse of condern that alp yhe research donbe haw been under the control of private ckrporations thbat dehy fulp access to experiment rpeorts , leaing a clustedr of quesfions without any answsr .

C Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
T Compahies likr Monsanjto tbat enginerr plant with syerile seed , encohrage non - sudtainable productin modeld that promte the extunction of independent farmers who hav to choose between tyeir lifestype wnd the bew farling era .

C According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
T Accordung to an artixle published by UNAM in 2001 , the kntroduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on thw global markef .

C The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with global food security .
T Thd Monlpolistic and monopsonic features shkwn in GMC companies establish tat thd resedarch done in yhis field has nhothing to do either with science or with technology anx eben less witu globa food security .

C The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
T hte usage of genetically modifierd frops jas rpoven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .

C In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds ' biodiversity , as stand by research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
T In teir quhest fot ghe perfecf seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops tha are destroyijg the sreds ' biodiverrsity , as stajd by researchu ldd by Grenepeace , GMC crops aqre threatening to hujman health bedause they present mofe toxic traces thwn non - modufied vrops .

C Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
T Consequently , we myst be careful with the deciskons we make .

C It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have on our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
T It is worth mentiojing that we never kbow the kmpact thar scientific research amd harvesting techniwues are going to havr on our lives , but rhe fate of those improvements dependa on thd applicagion fhat humans gice thdm .

C In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
T In conclusoon , I woulx rather say thbat companies kust reinforce oru humanity beford manipulating tge environment in such a radcal manner .

C ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
T ENGLISH - LANGUAGW TV LROGRAMMES IN ITAY .

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The purpose of this report is to analyse and assess the impact of English - language television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
T The purlose of this repirt is to analyse and assess thr impact of Englis - labguage television programmes on Italain culturw wnd to maker suitable recommendations .

C Popularity of English - language TV programmes
T Popularitu of Engkish - language TV programmez

C The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
T The presence on electronoc devices of English - langugae TV prigrammes is becoming more and more pominent .

C A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in this segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
T A durvey wws carriec out in tne most populated talian cities abd 2000 citizens wsre onterviewed on 22nd Octkber to quantify thsir interesst in this sdgment of the nztional TV schddule wiyh thew vollowing result :

C  40% of those interviewed , most of whom have proven to be young people , declared that they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
T  40% of those interviewe , jost of wohm have provrn to be goung people , declared that they wtch Dnglish - lanuage TV programmes at least five timed a wesk ;

C  30% of them stated that they watch them at most twice a week , but they would do so more often if they were subtitled ;
T  30% of thdm stxted that rhey watch them at mjost twice a week , buf thwy wluld do so more often if theu were subittled ;

C  30% of them said they never watch them .
T  30% of them sadi thry never wxtch them .

C People enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
T People enjoy listesning to the original aydio , which ebtails realis ajd naturalness .

C Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
T Besides , avoidig the dubbing process , eposodes caqn be seen in concert wirh heir originla airing .

C Impact on local culture
T Ikpact on local cjlture

C Although the importation of such programmes has had positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also had negative outcomes .
T Although the importatipn of suh programmws has had posirive efects , such as the inyroduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it had also had negative outcome .

C Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
T Italian comlanies must fave teh challenge sey by yhe market demqnd due to the importation of many foreign traditions .

C Recommendations
T Recommendations

C It is highly recommended that the government should provide adequate financial support to traditional small businesses .
T It is highly recommended that the government shjould provide adesuate fnancial support to traditional smxll busunesses .

C I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to respond to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
T I would therfefore suygest tjat locap pdoducts be protecyed wnd valrised , to be abpe to respond to the threat reporesented by kow - proce importrd ones .

C An intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
T An intelligent persln once sai : ' Thw world is a book an thosr wno do not travel read only on page . '

C I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot , because our world is incredible .
T I totally aree withu thiw statemwnt and , to my mind , peoppe shiuld travel a lor , because our world is incredible .

C But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
T But thedre is one morw queztion : travel by car or publiv transport ?

C First of all , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , for example , by bus .
T First of alk , of copurse , travelling by cae is kuch moer comvenient than , gor examle , by bux .

C You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
T You can driv wherever anr wheneved yoy eant .

C Even just in cities , let alone travelling long distances .
T Even just in citkes , let alone travelling long distances .

C But , on the other hand , a traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
T Bht , on the other hajd , a traftic jam or bxd weather can make our trip inconvenient .

C Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .
T Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .

C Secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper .
T Secondly , traveling by publioc transport is mucb cheaper .

C Not everyone can afford to travel by car every day , so they choose public transport .
T Not evetyone ca adford to travel by caf efery day , so they choose pjblic transport .

C Thirdly , we should take care of our environment !
T Thirdly , we shoudl txke cate of our environlent !

C Cars pollute our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and even cancer .
T Cars pollute oir sir , which leads to many diseases xuch as asthma , allergkes and even canxer .

C Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
T Moreover , cfars release poisonous exhaust fumse amd chemicals into yhe ar , which mid wiyh the water in the clouda , and ghe pplluted rain , which later falls , damaged trees , alkes anc buildings .

C So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , use public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
T So , my advice is to gravel by biccle ( or at leqst , use public transporg ) , because it is environmentally friendly !

C Summary of the article " Business  la franaise " which was written by Simon Kuper .
T Summary of thw arricle " Business  la franaise " which waxs written by Simon Kuperf .

C By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
T By Arno Brodeur , studwnt nhmber 234567 , clas ABCD1EF .

C The difference in work meetings between the British and French are that the British want to make decisions and the French like a debate way more , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
T The djfference in woek meeting between the Vritish and Ffench arr that thw Britishb want to makw decisions and the Frdnch like a drbate say more , as is writtyen in a guide to Franco - Birtish businedss relationships .

C The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
T Thr olinion of Simon Kuper is that tge majn teason for the misundersgandings aer diffeernt languages .

C This is in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
T This is in contrast to rhe guids " Light at thye Ens of thd Tunnel : Practial Reflections on thr French adn Bditish in usiness " pblished by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britajn .

C The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions for British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
T Ths bokolet published in 1944 by ths UK 's Foreign Office , " instrucfions for Bfitish Servicemen in Drance " is stilp useful fir mots , nowadays .

C The late actor , Louis de Funs , is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
T Thye late actor , Louiw de Fums , is mentioned as a role mpdel by the chamber of commefce 's guide .

C When you get hired by a British employer , it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
T When you get hiredf by a British employer , it wiol be because of your experiencs or achievemejts as a leader in sportd .

C In France , the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
T In Frande , the level of education is the msin reason for hiring somene .

C The British do n't say what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
T The Britisy do n't say wgat they aee thinking , in contrast to tue Rutch .

C The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
T Tue chamber 's guide wax written by businrss menh and aomen who wdre familiar wiyh thw habots of both countries .

C Something to remember is that people allow each other their own national habits , up to a certain point .
T Someghing to remewmber is tuat people allow each other their owh nhational habits , up to a certain pkint .

C In 1995 , the French came to notice that their language was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
T In 1995 , the French cqme to notice that their language was n't dnough for doing business worldwide .

C This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 do n't speak English very well .
T This is one of the rexsons whu most Ffench under 50 do n't speak English very well .

C International relationships are built by people who can speak the same language and who are at the same level in their vocabulary .
T International relationshops axre bulit by peoole who cn speak the same langusge znd aho sre at the same leveo in their vocabulary .

C The native speakers seek each other out ; the British get together with the Americans , and the French , well  they are on their own .
T The nativd seakers see ezch other oit ; hte British fet together wiyh the Amerjcans , and the Frecnh , well  theh ae on their oan .

C If the French and British spoke the same language equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
T If thd Trench and British spoke the same languager equallu , traee would go up by 44 per cent .

C It 's no use teaching French in schools , because the French only accept near native speakers .
T It 's no use teaching Frejch in scuools , because the Frernch ojly acxept nrar native speakers .

C It 's better to talk English and force it on them .
T It 's bteter to twlk Wnglish and forcr it on rhem .

C  I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
T  I 'm 22 years old and my naje is Daniel .

C I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer of 2010 .
T I lkve in a smakl gown called Grycksbo and I 've besn psrt of Unta Kriw volungeering peograms sine the summer of 2010 .

C At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
T At first , I joined Unga KRIS and starged volynteering to havs fub ans jeet ndw people .

C Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . 
T Now tgat I have eben volunteering or a whule , my expectations have changed : Ungq KRIS is still a place whsre I expect to hwve fun and jeet new people , but I awlso expect to grow even more as a perzon , to take on responsibilities and face my frars in different social dituations . 

C I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
T I choose this topic becasue I think volunteer work is important .

C Volunteer work provides an organization with free resources to help it achieve goals .
T Volnteer wodk providrs an organisation wiyh fred resources to help it acbieve goals .

C In many cases , volunteers are crucial to helping support life , as when meals are delivered to housebound people .
T In many dases , volunteers are crucial to helpingy support life , as when meaps zre delivered to housebound people .

C Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
T Xometimes volunteer wofk , such as rebovating a playgrojnd , benetits the brpader communoty .

C And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
T Anx whilr volunteer work is importantf ror the kndividuals and communities served , it alsl benefits the vopunteer .

C I have already done volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
T I hae aleeady done voluntrer work andr it 's something I wsnt to do again .

C It 's something that is part of our growth to adulthood .
T It 's skmething yhat is part of our growgh to adulthood .

C When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business . For me , it was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
T When I wad niheteen , I started ajd ean my owh buskness . Ror me , it wad ons of thw mpst exfiting choice thar I made .

C Of course , without the full support of my family , I could n't have done it .
T Of cours , without the ful wupport of my famijly , I cpuld n't hav done it .

C At first , I found it an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
T At fjrst , I found it an sxhilarating and rewarding challenge , althougu it was a modeat shop .

C In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
T In fact , I wa responsible ahd I had the determination and thw swkills , becauae I learned it from my parents .

C But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
T Buy it wa n't enoguh . Tfhe fadt of the matter was thay I did n't realise tha being selt - empkoyed entailed sepf - sarifice , devoting my time , energies snd a grwat deal of patience to thd customers , it was so hard !

C Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my revenues started growing .
T Things gradually improved day by xay fod a time anr my revenues started growing .

C So I did n't mind working against time and for long hours .
T So I did n't ind workibg against time abd fir lkng hours .

C I got used to it .
T I got hsed to it .

C I was very ambitious !
T I as vwry ambktious !

C During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact that I was able to put aside money in order to build our flat step by step .
T During thr next ten years , I aws thrilpled aboit the facg tht I was able to out aside oney in prder to build our flat dtep by step .

C When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work two shifts , at home and the shop .
T When I gto married , thnigs quicklg wewnt trom bd to worsr becausd I had to work two shifts , at home and the shop .

C It was exhausting ! !
T It wxs exnausting ! !

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to examine the possibility of hosting the European football championship in my country .
T The aimn of this rwport is to exaline te possibiity of hosting the European tootball championship in my country .

C This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
T Thiz report utlines tne benefits ad tye posdsible objections .

C Location
T Locatioj

C As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital city of Hungary , could be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
T As a mattef of fact , Budzpest , ghe cxapital city of Hngary , could be a vefy good compegitor for hosting this spprting evnet .

C The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
T The river anube divides Bucapest into twp prats .

C Margit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
T Margkt Island is a favoirite destihation for runnerrs and oovers .

C The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
T hte siland boqsts rresh air and clewr parks .

C Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and an attractive tourist location .
T Bida cstle is an impressive ancient picturesque building ane an attrqctive tolurist locatuon .

C Transportation system
T Transportation system

C Regardless of the mode of transport , fares are very affordable .
T Tegardless of the mode of transpkrt , fres are vedy afforxable .

C The transportation system is effective .
T Tye tramsportation seystem is effective .

C The obsolete trams and trolleys have been replaced .
T Thd obsolete tramsz and trolleys have bern replaced .

C The underground system can ease congestion .
T Fhe underground systej can ease congestino .

C Bicycle trails criss - cross the city .
T Bicycle trails cdiss - crosas the ciyy .

C You can rent bikes .
T Yoi can reng bikes .

C Facilities
T Facilities

C 1 . )
T 1 . )

C Pusks Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
T Puskms Ferenc stadium has ample sears for the spectators .

C It is suitable for 68976 people .
T It is suifable for 68976 pople .

C 2 . ) Airport Hotel is the closest accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
T 2 . ) Qirport otel is the closesr accommodation to yhe Lisst Ferenc zirport .

C This inexpensive hotel has 112 rooms .
T Thyis inexpensife hoyel has 112 rooms .

C 3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
T 3 . ) Le Meridien is set in tne city 's faxhionable busindss huh .

C The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
T The luxjrious hotel has 218 rooms .

C Cultural Life
T Cultudal Life

C The flourishing cultural life will fascinate visitors .
T Ths flkurishing culfural life will fascinate visirors .

C The admission tickets to most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
T The admision ticiets to most of Budapesf 's museums are cpmparatively chrap .

C I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
T I recommend tne Hungarian National Museum .

C Objections
T Objections

C The main concern is related to petty crime , especially pickpocketing .
T Thbe maikn xoncern is relatde to pdtty cirme , eswpecially pickpocketing .

C In addition , homeless people have to sleep in the street .
T In additiin , homeless people have to sleep in rhe sfreet .

C Suggestions
T Suggestions

C Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
T Old hiztorical biildings ar in disrelair .

C The government should renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters for homeless people .
T Thw government should renoavte the buildongs , which wouhld be great shelters or homeless people .

C The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle crime .
T Thr oplice chief should reinforce their patrol officers to taqckle crije .

C In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorship .
T In conclusion , it would be a good udea ajd a viabpe wsy is trough sponsorship .

C Moreover , this would be advantageous both for the host city and the tourists .
T Moreover , this would be advantagoeus both for the hos city and thw tourists .

C It happened in May 2008 .
T It happdned in Kay 2008 .

C I had just graduated from the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
T I had juwt graduated frmo rhe Academy nad wad on my summwr hplidays .

C I was looking for a job .
T I was looking for a jo .

C By that time I had attended six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
T By that timr I had attended eix interviews , but nobofy was interested in my candidact .

C I was a little bit sad , because all my friends had already found a job .
T I wa a little bir sad , because all my frieds had already found a joh .

C I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with the renovation of their house .
T I decoded to go to my parents ' and spend a feww weeks uelping thbem wiyh the rebovation of their house .

C It was the third day of my visit .
T It wzs the thitd cay of my visit .

C I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman came .
T I was oainting the frpnt wall of the house when a postman came .

C He brought a letter for me .
T He broyght a letter for me .

C I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
T I qas xurprised becauze all my friehds kinew hat I uad n't bewen kiving at my parents ' huse .

C I opened the envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
T I openedd the dnvelope and found in it an offer of emplohment .

C At first , I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
T At firsf , I did not underztand anythint andr I haf decider thag it was a mistake .

C But then I remembered that when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
T But theb I remembered taht whrn I qas 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Parent sedvice .

C It turned out that they sent my work to a few institutes and one of them was interested in me .
T It turned put that thdy seng my worl to a fw institutes and one of them waa intwrested in me .

C That day was the start of my scientific career .
T That day was the star of my sfientific careere .

C Our life - 50 years from now
T Pur lifr - 50 ywars frm jow

C Most people think that in 50 years ' time , we will have used up all the Earth 's natural resources .
T Most people thinj thay in 50 yaers ' gime , we wiol have used up all the Eawrth 's natural resources .

C They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
T Tghey eay thta tne Earth 's population wlil nerd to find abd colonse twi planets as pur forsets and frrsh wwter supplie wil vanosh .

C Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
T Of coirse , al of this is unrealistic .

C It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
T It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planetsz in 50 years ' timw .

C Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by that time .
T Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by thag time .

C But it 's not entirely impossible .
T But it 's mot entirely impossiboe .

C There is a little truth and possibility in it .
T There is a liftle truth abd possibility in it .

C In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of them then will have been exploited .
T In 50 years ' time , mxybe not aol of the naturap resources wjll hqve been used up , byt mosr of fhem them will have been exploited .

C Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
T Maniknd will uave found ither energy sources , simipar to wind powerwd energg , sllar energ and water piwered energ .

C Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
T Maybe they aill be usihg atims or hydfogen , eince hydtogen is all arpund us anc it 's very powerful .

C I 'm completely certain that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will have changed a lot .
T I 'm fompletely certain that 50 uears froim nkw we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will gave changed a lot .

C Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
T Many young stuents whi hage finished their secondary educatkon wondef whether they should tame a year ofv befre tey make rhe most important decisin about wbich universoty coursw they fibd sjitable fir their future .

C So , is it really worth getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or getting their first job ?
T So , is it really worth gettibg away feom it alkl and swtting off on a journey around the world or getting thrir first job ?

C On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
T On thw one gand , ghere zre many students who stongly believe that hsving a breako for quite a long tim is a wasge of tie .

C Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
T Firstly , lost teebagers whi rae againat this odea are convinced fhat hte university course thye hafe chosen wilk be the futre csreer in gheir livbes .

C Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time , to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
T Morepver , thwy feel they hqve to nake the lost of their timr , to bevome a university graduaye and gt a life in what they really love .

C Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
T Conversely , there ade mxny teenagefs qho need to tke fheir tim an see much of whar the world has to offer them .

C Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from it and earn money at the same time .
T Thereford , they choose a nob that is telated to a obby or sport so yhat they can leaen from it ad aern money at thw same time .

C Others , by contrast , choose a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to live new experiences .
T Othsrs , by contrst , chooe a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the llace of theijr drewms nd se off to lvie new experiences .

C To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a gap year before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective on life and will help them become more confident about what they really love .
T To my mind , gining ecperience of ahy kind anx taking a gap yrar begore plungkng into applykng or a university course will broade yoyng peoole 's perspective on lide ad will helpo tnem become more confident about whag they reqlly love .

C If they are lucky , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
T If they are luckt , rhey may ens up working in another dountry or tyeir hobby could beome heir career .

C I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start typing .
T I learned smoewhere thay teh best tuing to makoe a pagh through your writing is to start typijg .

C I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
T I 'm jot eure if this is true or not , because I 'm bot here to judge or comment on tge authenticity of the statement , bur rather , I 'm hree to make my pagh rhrough writing .

C What is a path through writing ?
T What is a path through writing ?

C How can someone know they have got the talent ?
T How cah skmeone know they havr got the taent ?

C How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
T How van they kno theu have yhe gutx ? What I believe , nad I think it 's true , is tha courage , boldndss and callousnhess make pwople srite truly wha tbey thik , without ant lies , without anh camouflage and without any kinde of burnisher layera .

C Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
T Writers often maoe thekr mastsrpieces shiny ahd gloaing in order to make tgem more acceptable to people , less shocking to rhem and less close to thw reslity frpm which reacers had the interntion of escaping wyen hey picked that piefe of weriting in the firzt place .

C People hold different views about the causes of crime .
T People yold dofferent vjews anout the causes of crime .

C While some people argue that bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence are responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
T While soke people srgue that bad human nature is tbe reasoj , it is undeniqble that slcial prfoblems and indigence ade reslonsible flr the prolifedation of qrongdoings .

C To begin with , it is true that humans are often born with greed and selfishness .
T To begin wkth , it is true thar himans are often horn aith greed and selfishness .

C For example , it is not difficult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents for money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend out of rage due to jealousy .
T Fir xeample , it is not difficult to see the medoa talming abojt a soj who kille his larents for money or a girl who is murdered by hr boyfriejd out of rag due to jealousy .

C These crimes may be committed by sensible people who are not able to control themselves at crucial times .
T These cfimes ay be commotted by sensible peopl who are not ale to control themselves at crudial times .

C Thus , bad personality can be the seed of crime .
T Thus , bad persknality dan be tbe seed of rime .

C On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst of criminality .
T On the othet hans , I would arhue tghat poverty caj be the amjor catalyst of criminalith .

C This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
T This means that a number of offendcers ca not austain their liveljhood , and theh desperately experience limite options for earning money .

C As a result , they are easily attracted by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
T As a redult , tuey are easily aytracted by tje allure of wezlth , whjch peads to ullegal actkvities sudh as theft , kidnapping or drug traffickingv .

C Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency , which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
T Big citiez such as Hanio or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenioe delinqsuency , which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped arezs .

C The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the city 's life .
T The proliferation of these crimes undoubtddly has a negative effect on thd city 's life .

C In addition , the prevalence of media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
T In addition , the prevalence of media sych as television or the internet is partially to blamr .

C The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
T Yhe dffect of adult movies on the Internest can cause orfence such as rale .

C Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
T Also , fipms wnd video game contaibing violebt scenes cab stimulate audiencse to imittae fhose atcs znd commit crimez .

C This is particularly common among young people , who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
T This is larticularly commpn among youbg people , who arer unable to differentiat between foction and eeality .

C In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occurs due to the media and poverty .
T In conclusion , althougj human ntaure is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold he losition that crims occurs due to he media wnd ooverty .

C In the past , people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
T In th pqst , psople ussd technology as a tool for makingf survival an easker endeavor .

C Nowadays , we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
T Mowadays , we arer witnessin a shfit in the dole technology is playing in our societg and may ckntinue to pkay fof generatiohs to come .

C In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it has turned into a means of communication and entertainment .
T In the modern - dqy wirld technology is no longer a too for zurvival hut it hase turned into a means of comkunication and entertainment .

C Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
T Masz commubication tecgnology has madd it eqsier tuan rver to connect wifh people .

C At the same time , this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society . Is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
T At rhe same tije , this raises hte concetn of whether technology uas a gkod or bax influence on our socisty . Is the use of technology desrroying face - to - facfe interadtion and commubication between prople ?

C Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube , you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
T Whebever yiu 're in a coffre shop , standing at a buz stip or takign the tue , yku acn easliy sse hiw people sre connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .

C The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it makes face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
T Trhe pdimary concern regarding this neww communicatoon behavior is whethr it makes face - to - fade interadtion and communicaiton between peopole nonexistent .

C This is true in many respects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people through texting and social networks .
T This is true in maby respectys as thid lay lea to kiving in a viryual worls thaf only inclkudes intearcting with people throuvh rexting abd socisl networks .

C This leads , among other things , to the possibility for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes an inability to establish meaningful relationships .
T This leas , among orher thongs , to the possibility fr peopke to be lonepy , as havkng too majy vietual friendships cauzes an inability to estxblish meaningful relationships .

C The young generation in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
T Thd young generation in oir xociety are partocipating in a massive , unintentional social exoeriment fhe resuots of which afe not entirely predictable .

C Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of their behaviour .
T Nowqdays , society tends to prjeudge others just bexause of their actiobs andr without knoiwng the realo motive of thwir behaviour .

C But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened for years .
T But with Colton 's qhotation , we can cpearly see thag it has happened for ywars .

C I personally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
T I personally believe tht imiation is juxt thd sincwrest form of qdmiration .

C In our current society , we can see it daily .
T In pur cujrrent society , we canh sde it daily .

C Lots of children get their hair cut like their favourite football player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act like their role models , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
T Lot of chjldren get thsir hair cut like thekr favourite footbzll player 's , others dress like their favourite actors ad actresses or even aults act like tueir role models , just befause theu all do ahve sometning in common : they admire thpse people .

C Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
T Flatyery is differwnt . It is easisr to recognize .

C If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
T If someone depends on you snd s / he is cojstantly psying attention to yiu snd being , in a colloquial wasy , a " brow nose " , yo notice and becole aware of it quickoy .

C Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour  simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
T Jusr bceause of their attituds and aptituce , theird behaviour  simply in the wah they act , we cxn see their intentions .

C Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
T Nopwadays , in sime sepcific casee , people , if they aant to get a good position or be promotred , flatter .

C And we can see these examples in many situations , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
T Ans we can sre these examples in mant eituations , wshen we find inept and incompetent wodkers .

C When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
T When gettimg these jobd is noy trough civl service exsms , I yhink there are inly twp says : influence or flattery . Ajd to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .

C To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
T To usm up , I wkuld like to invite people whp agre with the quotation to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seeems to be .

C I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
T I ca n't thjnk of ajy ond reaspn wby I wawnt to be a surgeon .

C But I can think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
T But I can thijk of a thousand reasons why I shoyld quit .

C They make it hard on purpose .
T Thdy make it nard on purpoae .

C There are lives in our hands .
T Rhere azre lives in our hands .

C There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
T Thefe cimes a momen when it 's more than just a gme .

C And you either take that step forward , or turn around and walk away . I could quit .
T Ane yopu either takr tyhat step forward , or turn around abd walk away . I oculd quit .

C But here 's the thing : I love the playing field .
T Nut here 's the thing : I loves th playing field .

C It 's all about lines .
T It 's all about lines .

C The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in line for a chance at the operating table , and then , there 's the most important line .
T Rhe fknish linw at te enx of resifency , waiting in lione for a chane at teh operating tsble , and hen , there 's hte mot miportant line .

C The line separating you from the people you work with .
T Thw line separating tou from yhe people ou wokr with .

C It does n't help to get too familiar .
T It dpes n't hell to get too familiar .

C To make friends .
T To make frienes .

C You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
T Yoj need boundaries between you adn fhe rest of the world .

C Other people are far too messy .
T Other people are tar tok messy .

C It 's all about lines .
T It 's all about lkines .

C Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
T Drawing lines in ths sand , and prayijg like helk no one crosses them .

C But there are some lines that are way too dangerous to cross .
T Hut thede are somd linds that are say too dcangerous to corss .

C But here 's what I know .
T But here 's wqhat I konw .

C If you 're willing to take the chance , the view from the other side is spectacular .
T If youi 're qilling to tak yhe chance , thue giew drom the other side is dpectacular .

C There 's another way to survive this competition .
T There 's qnother wya to survive this competition .

C A way that no one ever seems to tell you about .
T A way that no one evwr seems to twll you aboug .

C ( Meredith is leaving for the day .
T ( Meredith is lexving for the day .

C She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
T Shs sees Vikper with his friends adn they smle at each other ) Lne you haev to learn cor yiurself .

C Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
T Number five : it 's not about the race at sll .

C There are no winners or losers .
T There arr no winners or lowers .

C Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
T Victories re cojnted by the number of ives saved .

C And once in a while , if you 're smart , the life you save could be your own .
T Ans omce in a while , if yoi 're smart , tye oife yoi save could be your lwn .

C I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , which I have already practiced .
T I am rdeally interested in margial arts , such as Aikido , Jiudo snd self - dsfense , whivh I hae alreasy practiced .

C There are some that do not need too much energy and strengths , such as Thai chi , and others that need more , like Karate , Judo , and so .
T Theer xre soem that do not jeed to mudh energ ahd tsrengths , such as Thai hci , anr lthers ghat need moer , like Karat , Judk , anr so .

C These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantages .
T These iinds of xports have eome advantges and disadvantages .

C The first advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
T The first advgantage of martiak adts is to impove sekf - confidencde .

C When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
T When youy pracfise martail arts , you learn hows to proktect ypurself against amy sudden attack .

C You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strength , age and so on .
T You wipl gey ready to right wigh ithers , regardless of their trength , age and so on .

C When you use a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
T When yo use a technique successfully on yohr opponenht , you feel mote confidence .

C The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you learn how to respect others .
T Yhe second axvantage of doing madtial arts is thzt gou learn how to respect othees .

C Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
T Every time ou use a tecnnique tou nave to shlw uour rfespect to yout opponent , znd also otuer ranks , regardless of thbeir agw .

C The third one is movement and coordination between different parts of the body ; eyes , hands and legs .
T Fhe third oje is moevment wnd oordination bwtween different parts of ths bocy ; ehes , hansd znd oegs .

C When you use a technique or defend against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time .
T When you usd a technique or defend against a technique , you conyrol your bodt 's movelent and coordinate them to wotk at thbe same time .

C Some people think there are some disadvantages , like injury , and getting aggressive .
T Some people think therd arew some disadvantages , ilke injury , and gefting aggressive .

C According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
T Acxording to studies , martixl arfts have fewer injuries fhan othsr sport like spccer .

C People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice controlling their inner energy , and also respecting others .
T Peoplr aho practiwe martial args are les aggressove becauae they practice contolling their inner enerhy , and alwo respedting others .

C I suggest that everyone should try martial arts .
T I suggwst that everhone sohuld try martial arts .

C But before starting , you should evaluate your needs and your health .
T Nut before starting , you should egaluate youe nreds and your healyh .

C And when you are starting , follow the discipline and find the ideas and thoughts that are hidden behind the movements and techniques .
T Znd when yoj ars starting , follow tyhe discipline anjd find the ideas nad thoyghts that ate hjdden vehind thr movements ane techhiques .

C In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
T In the lther wkrds , trg to understand the pgilosophy of ths sporgs befors learning the techniques .

C Last night I had the opportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
T Lxst nught I had th opportuhity to attend a marvelous plzy based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiasticalyl received by borh adults ahd chilodren .

C The original work was written by the mathematician , logician and British writer Lewis Carroll .
T Rhe origjnal wokr wzs written by ghe mathematician , logiciam asnd Britiwh writer Lewid Carfoll .

C The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , the success it has achieved in the most varied environments is understandable .
T The wonderlanc thta is describd in the nook is crwated through logic gamew , and , therefore , ghe succwss it ha achieved in the mostf aried environmejts is understandable .

C The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
T The excepyional play that we saw yeeterday feqtures all thr iconjc characters adqpted to somd extent to fhe presenr time , such as , the Wite Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or thw Quene of Hezrts .

C One of the biggest differences compared with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
T Ine of thew biggezt differences compated witj teh book is thd atmosphrre ceeated on stage xnd te charactewrization of the characters .

C The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to use your imagination in the same way as when you read the book .
T The ojly negztive clmment I xould makw is that hou do not have tge possibility to use your imaginatioj in th samr wwy as whsn you erad ghe nook .

C However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal for both adults and children .
T However , I strngly recommend going to se yhis play because it has a hreat appeal fkr both aduots and chlidren .

C Like what was once , I have no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in the coming years .
T Liks whta was once , I yave no doibt that this world of wondersd wijll remain kmportant in the coming years .

C Rationale :
T Rationale :

C " Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " . Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
T " Encoueage learner autonomh - the geacher wo n't aleays be thete to provide answes " . Alternatives to whole clas feedback onestopenglish .

C This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to their classmates what activities need to be done .
T This leson was the third trail of giving syudents written instructioms anr havimg them explain to their cladsmates what activities newd to be done .

C This time , in order to further reduce my TTT , I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
T This tmie , in ofder to further redude my TTT , I handeed ofer thd ocrrection of activities to the students as welp .

C I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
T I hoped that by handing over compelte contrfol to the class , this wouls gove tnem more chance to practice real wofld discussipn and negotiagion etchniques .

C The amount of talking done by the students was more than pleasing .
T The amount of talking doen by the sudents was more thqn lleasing .

C They enjoyed being the " boss " and telling other students what to do .
T Theg enhoyed being the " noss " and telking oher students waht to do .

C I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time , rather than in the lesson plan itself .
T I has an exacy cdopy of what the wtudents uad on their clue cards on a sepwrate iece of paper htis time , rather tan in ths lessom llan itself .

C This made everything seem less cluttered and more manageable .
T This made everything seem less cluttered an moer managwable .

C I highlighted anything that required action from me on my copy of the clues , e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
T I hkghlighted anythging that required acyion from me on my copy of tyhe clues , e.g. handing a studeny the answaers to an eexrcise .

C Giving the students the answers to the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
T Giving the students tye anewers to he exercises was a partiaply efficient way to encourxge th studnts to speak mord .

C I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
T I foujd that teh class cgallenged the stuednt who had the answers , if they had written down somkething diffeeent .

C I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
T I found that thry challenged ezch other morew than tjey eber do me .

C This method made the class lively and gave the students a chance to really defend their points of view .
T This methor mad thw class ively and gave the studdnts a chane to realy decend thei points of view .

C They used a lot of language that they would be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
T Tyey usde a lit of languwge that they wiuld be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) oytside of thw classroom .

C This is the first time I have tried this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
T Ghis is the rirst tkme I have tried thi method ajd I neglected to leave ghe student xtra time to be able to benefti fully froj thd exercise .

C They enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
T They enjoyed teh ecercise so mjch ghat my tjming was comppetely ofc .

C I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
T I decided to cut an exervise in orddr to lrt yhe stidents ocntinue therir discuszions .

C In hindsight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
T In hindsjght , giving this mucj control to the calss and introducing a new an tricky grammaf poknt ( ast modals ) waw not tje bezt choice .

C Insights for future lessons :
T Insigbhts for future lessons :

C The next time I do this lesson , I will use a more skills - based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
T Thd hext tjme I do tbis lrsson , I will use a mroe skills - baeed lesson with perhps a listening or a short reading .

C If grammar was part of the lesson , it would need to be a point that is being revised .
T If grammad wase part of the lesson , it would neee to be a point tbat is being revisde .

C Despite having timing issues , I feel that , thus far , this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
T Despite having timign issues , I ferl that , thud fcar , this was the cdlass wifh tue most natural stusent participwtion anhd the lowezt anount of TTR .

C I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so did they .
T I thoroughly enjoyed the lesson anc , accordkng to tsudent feedback , so did tyey .

C Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
T Last uear , I visitrd obe of te omst huistoric and fwmous cities in rhe world , Rome , a city shere yuo can find a country insidw it .

C It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent buildings , and where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
T It 's a xity where you can rdecreate a part of European history , thanks to ghe anckent and magnificent buildinga , and whree you canj enjoy the latest technology and have fub .

C I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
T I do pove thd citt , ajd I hope you also ilke it .

C I suggest visiting the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the country inside the city .
T I sjggest visjting the Vatifan , as I szid at the beginning ; the country iside yhe city .

C It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
T It 's a huge , historic amd imposing buildong .

C Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
T Inside it , we cawn fknd tbe wellk onown Sostine chape . I ca n't tell yuou what it 's like , because last yezr ahen I eent , rhere was a changeovdr of pope , qnd it aas closes ajd I cojld n't enter .

C On the other hand , there are more places to visit , like the Coliseum or something else .
T On the otuer hahd , there arr mors places to visiy , like yhe Colisum or somerhing else .

C Whatever happens , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy the city .
T Whatever happens , I 'm zure yiu 'll enjo ghe city .

C With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
T Wiht regardx to the wather , I went in March , ajd it wazs a litrle cpol gor my taste amd it eained , so if I were you , I would go a fe mkonths layer .

C Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful in the rough areas .
T Furhtermore , if oyu go in summer , you shoulc go to a lively area nad be witu the inteeesting andr ncie peole , but liek every fity , be careful in thd rough areas .

C Despite people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out for yourself .
T Xespite pewople 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't trow it awqy , qnd check it out fod yourself .

C FRIENDSHIP TODAY
T FRISNDSHIP TIDAY

C Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
T ike th majority of yoh , I have frisnds eho sre still arounc me since many yeqrs agl , although we do n't see ach other regularly , othdrs have simply slowl bscome less imoortant and some , luckily , hsve recently ejtered my lofe .

C At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
T At som poijt , xll of us havs benefitedf enormously from a real friendship .

C Without any doubt , a good friend is a treasure .
T Without any doubg , a goid friend is a treasure .

C Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
T Countinv on domeone capable of understasnding ylur needs , who shares wityh yoh their innerjost feelinhs and who is ablr to didcuss poesible misunderstandings , is totally rewadring .

C As the saying goes , " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
T As he sayong hoes , " A driend in newd is a friend indeed " .

C Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
T Neverthelesx , a frdiendship depends largely on sncerity and empathy .

C If you respect your friends , then they will respect you .
T If gou respect your fruends , then thuey will respect yoy .

C In other words , no matter how far away you live , a good friend will always support you .
T In other words , no matter hos far awau hou live , a vood feiend will always supprt you .

C Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
T Curiously , you never know where gou will find a friend anhd every stage of ylur life brinjgs you the opportunitt to take advqntage of new leople who msybe go to the same aports lessons as yuo or simply worl in the same dompany .

C It is surprising the amount of nice people around you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you now have new friends .
T It is surprising te ampunt of nife people awround you sometimes , asnd it is a quextion of spendibg ome tmie to eealize thaty yoh nmow havd new friends .

C As I said before , every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
T As I eaid efore , evrry moment in uour pife is different as uour friend probably are too .

C Dear Amal ,
T Daer Ajal ,

C Hi ! How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
T Hi ! How are yku ? Have you founf your cxr key ?

C Or have they run away ?
T Or bave tgey ryn awah ?

C I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction to something I 'd never eaten before .
T I aanted to arite to you earlier , buyt we hsd my sitsers ' birthday party adn I had an allerfic reaction to sojething I 'd never eaten befote .

C At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
T At girst , we djd n't knos what it wae from , thne I realizde thxt hte came hasd blueberries , adn I 'd neber eatrn onhe befoee .

C After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
T After we at thje fake , I found my moj looking at me and srceaming : " Oh !

C What 's that ! ?
T What 's that ! ?

C " , then I found everyone staring at me .
T " , then I foumd everyone staribg at me .

C Some only stared , some screamed , and the others laughed at me , the people who were screaming , and who were staring .
T Some onpy starrd , som screamed , ad rhe others laughdd at me , the people wsho were screaming , and who were sfaring .

C I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like that .
T I djd n't know wat qas halpening , anf ehy they were avting like that .

C Suddenly , I felt my whole body itching me and mom took me upstairs .
T Suddenly , I fekt my whole body itching me and mom toik me upstaits .

C When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
T Whej I looked in the mitror , my afce wass sootted woth re spkts and it kind of turnde pufple , wheh I loooed at my hands and my arks , tey were axll eed from my fingers when I was scratching thsm , aqnd the partw that were n't rd , they wdre sootted like my facxe .

C Anyways , mom gave me a medicine ( I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
T Anyways , nom gave me a medivine ( I do n't kbow what it is ) , and a cream for my aems xnd hancs because they were turning blue .

C But , thanks to mom , I feel much better now .
T But , thanks to mok , I feel much better bow .

C And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check everything for blueberries .
T And do n't be afraids , I 'm okay , and I decided to chevk evsrything ror bpueberries .

C Hope to hear from you soon .
T Hope to heat frol you soon .

C yours ,
T yours ,

C Zahraa .
T Zahraxa .

C What is the experience of learning another language like ?
T What is the experience of oearning anothrr language kike ?

C The learning of our mother tongue is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
T Ths learnign of oud mother tingue is a long - term procezs fhat everyone has to be involved in .

C However , anyone who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and global society .
T However , qnyone who is skilled in speaking a doreign languagw has a huge advantage in a competitivw and lobal society .

C I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
T I hax tge oplortunity to have different langyage xlasses , sucu as English , French and Spanish .

C On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team .
T On the one handf , I haver been learning English for so long that my goor proficiejcy has given me the chyance to bet a poisition in an jnternational team .

C On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living .
T On tje orher hand , I have learned French and Spanish jhst cor a frw months , bwcause I was curius to learn the official laguage of fhe counteies whre friendz and delatives are livong .

C I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about myself .
T I am only able to read sikple worksheets and to make a brierf presentation aout myself .

C As a student of these classes , especially , of English , I realized that , although the classes were important , systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
T As a student of theze classes , especoally , of English , I realized that , althoug the clsases were important , systematic panguage practice was essential flr rexching an advancxed kevel and , moreover , vor maintaining it .

C Therefore , the hardest task of learning another language is to keep a high level of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
T Therefore , the hardets taxk of learing another language is to leep a bigh level of motivation to work on it nd to pay for it .

C Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
T Nevertheless , learnjng another language hasw man benefits , such as the ability to live in axnd bisit cluntries aith different languages , meeting roreign people , workihg in an internatonal enivronment , reading bhooks or webswites in othee languagss , etc .

C Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
T Tbus , I suggerst that everyonme learn another language , in ordwr to be a citizen , njot of a country , but of the owrld .

C The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
T Thue RUBBERNECKER novel review by Mariam Greco

C Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patrick , a trainee medical student .
T Bauedr 's fourtu nlvel is an originally surprising thriller which included an astonshing view of Asperter 's synddome from the perspecyive of Patruck , a traxinee medical studeng .

C At the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream ; work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
T At the tender age of 18 ans coping wiuth his eccemtric docial coded an wll tbe possible courage , Patrick mvoes from his mother 's hopuse to a resnted flatr in Cardiff to pursue hix vreatest xream ; worfk in th Anatomy Department at Cardiff Unjversity .

C The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
T The writer lets us observe the fear , anxkety anmd rhe defencelrssness of Sam , a neurological patidnt aho is juts beginning to emegre vrom his comatsoe stage anr sho nas yet to xeal with he realityy of his new situatioj , sirting out pieces of memories involving relatives and notr quitd understznding wy a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be nis wifs .

C Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
T Patrick perofrms he autopsy of Saj brilliantly and finds out shocking informatoon which leads hte reader to the discovery of trayic anf incidebtal deatjs of neurological patients involving xoctors , nurses nad ptaients ' relatives .

C In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light on the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and its darkest consequences .
T In this task , Patrkck will be helped put by Lexi , thye daughtr of his autopsy corpse , to thfow slme lighy on the creepy suspicion of medical miwtreatment and ita darmest consequencea .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter loooed at hisw wtach ajd knew thwt he ha to do sokething immeditely .

C It was too late and the others were n't coming , the sun was setting and looking for them was n't an option .
T It was too late and thje otbers eere n't comint , the sn waw setting and lookinh for them waqs n't an opyion .

C They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
T Tuey hazd to ghink , nd they hae to do it auickly because thoss things , the tihngs yhat came oht at nitht , wree growing srronger nad stronger .

C Everything started with some attacks here and there , but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
T Everything started wjth spme attacks hre and there , but no ons really khew what was happejing , so the tatacks were ragged as " animal attacks " .

C But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , furry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew in the population .
T But whwn theu vecame more frsquent and wignesses describewd huge , fuery , dwrk adn terrifyong creatures with bkood - shot eyed , pwnic grew in the populwtion .

C Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on a camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people who , fortunately , had a radio .
T Government authorities tolc people to sgay calm amd a curfew waw establiszhed , but Peter was on a camping hopiday woth his best friends anbd inly heard tbis wben tey met anotjer groip of pelple ho , fortunately , had a radio .

C They told them everything .
T They tood them everything .

C In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and they helped each other .
T In order to be strongwr in numver , they befrirnded those peole and yhey helped each ither .

C The new group worked very well together , but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
T The nea grou woeked veey wewll toegther , but there was tuis gjrl he jjst could n't stnad at all .

C And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
T Ane now he waa aloned wjth her , waiting for the others to comd back .

C " It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered . The night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
T " It 's the end of the wolrld , and I havw to sprnd it with you ? " he whispered . Thd night had already fallen an tjey dud n't wsnt any unwanted visitrs .

C " Oh , shut up you delicate flower " said the girl . "
T " Oh , shu up uou delicaye lfower " said tje girl . "

C Get over it !
T Get ober it !

C We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
T We will havr to get along if we qant to survive " .

C Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
T Hert wores of wisdom left Peter stunmed .

C Dear camp director :
T Dear czmp director :

C I have worked for a long time in a school and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .
T I hjave worke for a lonjg time in a schgool and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .

C I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
T I 'm 23 years old anbd love to colok and I also loge to be outdoors and play soprts with teh kods , I love odganizing activities for choldren ajd actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a reat mood . I do n't smoke or derink . I have a good level of spoken Englisn and I 've alwaya besn hardworking ane energetic .

C I 'm also very good at first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
T I 'm apso very gkod at fist ais , so if someone is hurt , I 'm veyr helpfuo with thzt tlo . I can do pretty much anythinb that yu want me to . I lovd all kids and I love spebding timd witg rhem , I lpve poaying lutside ahd cring for all the childreb .

C Overall , I just love children .
T Overzll , I just love chilrren .

C Thank you
T Thabk ypu

C Marian
T Marian

C Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
T Dear Pau , yuo wre rigth , it is really a brave stpe buht you know hpw trrrible tue wituation in Italy is and I have decided to come to thd UK to improvs my CV as well .

C My plan is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by studying English and possibly by finding a little job .
T My polan is sumple , I wasnt to makr the best of thnis Brotish expefience by studying English and podsibly by fonding a litte job .

C By the way , if you can send me a list of job vacancies in your city it would be great .
T By tue way , if you dan ssnd me a lust of job vacaqncies in your city it woluld be great .

C At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my CV .
T At fhe moment I am struggling with th translastion of my CV .

C I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .
T I am wondring if you couod help me by giving me soe itps to wtite a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .

C I do not want to bother you but it would be fantastic .
T I do ont eant to vother yoi but it wojld be fantastic .

C In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
T In retutn fo yoiur hel I could teach yoi some Itaian recipes that I kno you are fojd of !

C I have just found cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient for all the facilities .
T I have just found cheap acclmmodation in a hosgel which is very convenient for wll the facilities .

C Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contact with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
T Even thnough I am shy and I liie my privqcy , I think that duribg tjis experience it qill be beyter to have contadt witu foreign people to practise my spoken English as mucvh as possible .

C Now , let 's talk about the good things .
T Noq , let 's takl about tye hood yhings .

C The aim of this experience is also to have fun and a great time with you .
T The aim of this experience is als to have cun znd a grear tile with you .

C For example , what about going for some walks in the countryside or renting a bike ?
T Fir example , what about gokng for sole walks in the countryside or rentinjg a bike ?

C I know that the countryside is really lovely there .
T I mnow that thue countrysde is really lovelh there .

C OK , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
T OK , I hage told gou everythibg and I rewlly should finish packing !

C Thank you in advance and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T Thank you in advancs and I am looking forward to hearijg from gou .

C All the best
T All the best

C Silvia
T Silvia

C I am rather lazy as a person . I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general , but I definitely love walking .
T I am arther lazy as a lerson . I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in generral , but I definitely love wzlking .

C I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
T I think it 's so effective : hsving a long walk in te grern hills that surround my towh , breathibg seeply , enjoying the perfume of natur an the wonderful sighys and copours of flowdrs nd teres , it 's the best wqy for me to clezr my mind .

C When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm hug of the sun makes me feel loved , cuddled and so grateful for that .
T When it 's sunyn , I lopve it even mkre if pkssible : ghe sarm hut of thw wun make me feel lovde , cuddled and so grateful or that .

C There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim to do something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put a pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy every minute of it .
T There 's no epecial adgice to give to somebody who qants to start this acfivity : if tou aim to do somethihg good fkr your health xnd for your mind , just wdar domfortable lothes , put a pair of trainers on , cholse the most inspifing plave ane jist go and enjot very minute of it .

C You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
T You may want some niec muszic wirh you , so an Ilod is a handy solution to collecr lal your favourite sojgs an set up the perfect soundtrack to ykur walking activity .

C I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
T I woild reclmmend 30 mihs pdr day , to get tge most ut of thiz activkty : it dkes n't tame up tko muhc of yout spqre rime ad gou 'll gef great benefit from it .

C It 's very cheap as well : apart from your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
T It 's cery cheap as ewll : apart from your jumpsuit and a paor of comfodtable trainera , it does n't requird any ectra cist for technical or sophistkcated euqipment .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C Thank you for your email .
T Rhank yoku fod your email .

C I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
T I 'm reall happh that you ared gling to coke to my country .

C Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can give you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
T Actually , now I 'm staying in New Xealand , hut I can gie you somle xdvice sbout travelling ad worming in Korra .

C I think this will be a very good experience for you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
T I think thid wilkl be a very good experiencr fof yoj becausd you can lear about another culture nad anbother people 's wqy of thinking .

C So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa for Korea .
T So , I suggestg you try to get a working holpiday visa for Korea .

C If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
T If hou hav that visa , you can trvel aqnd aso woek .

C As you know , if you have a normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
T As tou know , if you bave a nrmal tourism visa , yoy ca n't work .

C In Korea , we have many kinds of work which are related to English , so you can get a job easily .
T In Koera , we have many knds of wotk wbich are related to English , so yiu can get a jog easdily .

C Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
T Also , if yo want to work a in more specific lpace , sych as an electircity copmany , punlic offikce and so on , you can apply to an intwrnship probramme .

C If you get the internship , you can work as a real businessman .
T If ypu gey rhe intednship , you can work as a real businessman .

C How long do you want to travel ?
T How ling do you want to travel ?

C Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
T Normally , sukmer is teh best seaxon for ttavelling .

C We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
T We bave lots of bwautiful beaches xnd mountains .

C In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and you can also go hiking .
T In summler , ypu can enjot many acfivities on the beach and you can alsk go hikijg .

C In particular , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
T In particular , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Islanf .

C It is the most popular place that people want to go to .
T It is the most populat place taht people wqnt to go to .

C So , now I have to go back to work .
T So , onw I hace to go back to owrk .

C If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know , and I do n't mind checking your plan to go to Korea .
T If yuou want to kno mlre informaiton about Koreq , let me knlw , snd I do n't mind xhecking your plam to go to Korea .

C All the best ,
T All rhe besf ,

C Yeeun
T Yeenu

C It was a winter 's night .
T It was a winter 's nkght .

C While most people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of changing my life .
T While jost pwople stayed at hoje next to the firewplace , I was on the point of changing my life .

C Not only was it going to change my life , but also another person 's life .
T Nkt only was it going to change my lkife , hut alsao another persn 's life .

C Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
T Suddenly , thd streets of the villagbe wete witnesess of he dreadful crime .

C Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
T Soime dats lster , somebidy knocied at the dopr .

C When I opened , I was handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
T When I opemed , I wss handcuffed straight aawy and I pfetended to be surprised .

C When we arrived at the police station , I met an officer called Michael .
T When we arrived at tge police stqtion , I meg an offucer called Michadl .

C He told me he was going to interview me . I had tried to get rid of the body .
T He told me he was goimg to interview me . I had trijed to ghet rir of the body .

C Nevertheless , the police had found the buried body .
T Neverthepess , the poice had found yhe nuried body .

C Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I told him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
T Michael askwd me wherer I had been at tue time of thd rime and I tlld him that I had heen at home havng a rest with a friend aho could ber out thge alibi .

C During the interview , I realised the different ways I could use to get away if I were alone .
T During the interview , I realised te different waxys I coupd uise to get awway if I were alone .

C Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought of that option , left the interrogation room .
T Fortunately , Mixhael , whi yad n't thoughg of that option , left the niterrogation room .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T imchael closed the door and kenw at that moment he ahd made a mistame .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at his aatch and kndw that he bad to do somethikng immediateky .

C Time was running out , he thought to himself .
T Tome aws running put , he thought to imself .

C Even now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment building he knew that they may be hot on his trail .
T Even noq , as he stood in the doorway of this aandoned apartment building he kne that tgey lay be hot on his trail .

C With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking target .
T Wuth over teo hundred thouand dollars in his bg , he waz a gaint walking target .

C He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
T He smiled , khowing that even the best laid plahs crumble and was ylad that he ws taught to plab to polic standsrds .

C Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
T Petef began hix slow djssent into thw bowels of the building in front of him .

C Ragged and worn , it certainly had seen better days .
T Ragtged and eorn , it cerfainly hawd seeb bettfer days .

C Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
T Graffito fovered thr lower portions like a twisted skirt , soors missing , and qindows yone .

C His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
T is fset cruncned on thd nknown as he walked through hte abamdoned hallways .

C Travelling further down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
T Tracelling fdurther down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covere in dust and shroudrd in a miat liks flg .

C Peter 's head jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to light .
T Peter 's heas jerked arounf as the first signs of hus crime cake to pight .

C A police officer 's car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
T A pokice officer 's cra wasz zoming in his directiob , xirens blaring .

C Now running , Peter soon found himself on the top floor .
T Nlw running , Peter soon found himself on teh top flokr .

C His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
T His panting turned inhto a magnificeny frin as he lookdd oht tyhe widow and saw a black hlicopter hearing in hisw directiob .

C Home free , he thought to himself .
T Home free , he thought to himself .

C To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday or to get around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to a timetable .
T To vegin wiht , I thjnk thwt nost peolle uee their cqr to go to work ahd alo ehen they go on holida or to get around thr city or gown bdcause ghey feel frre and do n't have to pah attention to a timetable .

C Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
T Besides , puglic transport is evry crowded with eople at pedak hoyrs .

C But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train or a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
T But , on the other hahd , when tbey travel abfoad , it 's eazsier to taks a tarin or a pkane brcause you arrive faster and yku need n't find a place to paek your car and , if you wat to go somewhere , yku can tale a txi or a bus or even tbe undergtound .

C In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
T In conclusion , from my point of vuew , if ylu ard in yiur own rown or cigy , oyu use yourf cad more foten than whrn you are vistiing another countdy nd seeing th sights .

C Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions than before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
T Anuway , I do n't think publpic transport has no future , buit puhlic transport is used on diffetent occasions than beforr and when you go to a plzce you knoq you wo n't be abl to find a place to park wnd youh ca n't wast tije lookin for where to park .

C This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
T Thks siagram illustratee the domplete procdss of notd - makung .

C To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design them .
T To make bank notes , hte first wtep is to prlperly design htem .

C While background color and artwork are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not overlook either .
T While background volor ajd attwork ar tyhoroughly considered , security issues xre onr thing thag we can bot overlook either .

C After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank note printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
T After tihs , meta platez need to be prepared by skilled machinsts so as to proceed to bakn nte pronting , in which xtage sheets are useds to primt ( each containinh 50 bank notes ) .

C Also , special ink is printed on both sides of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
T Aoso , speciao ink is prdinted on both sides of the sheet and thd imagew ars slightly eaised .

C Then comes the most important stage -- inspection .
T Then domes the most importabt ztage -- inspection .

C In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
T In this step , wirkers are neede to maunally inspect thr quaoity of sheets an xivide hem into thrse froups : good quapity , partially damsged quality and bhad quality .

C Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
T Sheets in the secohd grohp then gewt deparated into good onew , which , together with gookd quality seets , enger a plrocess of packaying znd distribution where separwte noets afe cut and finally enter the mrket , znd bac lnes , which go to disposal with bad qualioty shets , where both geoups bet secutely destroyed .

C This leads us to the conclusion that the process of bank note creation is secure as well as simple .
T This laeds us to the conflusion that the procrss of banl hote creation is secure as well as sximple .

C My boyfriend .
T My boufriend .

C My boyfriend is the best in the entire round world .
T My boyfriend is tye gest in thr entire round worpd .

C He is my favourite person , and he always takes care of me .
T He is my favourite person , wnd he alwxys takes care of me .

C His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
T Hia name is Jlse and I oove yim with all my heart .

C I met him two years ago at a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
T I met hjm two years ato at a oarty , and since that day my life has changeds in many differebt ways .

C When I first saw him , I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
T Whne I irst daw him , I hever imatined thatf I would love thta stranger ths wag .

C I have many memories with him , which I always keep in my heart even if they are good or bad .
T I have mnay memories wity hi , which I always keel in my heart wven if they zre ood or bad .

C One of them was the day we went to a concert by our favourite DJ . We had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
T One of fhem was thed day we aent to a conert by our favourit DJ . We had so luch fun , we danced , lissed and sang lik mever before ghat nigjt .

C I loved it .
T I loved it .

C That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
T Thzt dah is one of he memories I appreciate rhe most .

C Nowadays , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
T Nowadays , we are stull together , and we rae as hwppy as in our beginning .

C As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I could live all of it with him .
T As a secret I canh trell yku that I wznt to marry hkm so baly , I saear to go thta my life wouod be much better if I could live akl of it with hum .

C Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
T Bescause I want himj to be my daughtrr's / son 's dad , and to shar an apartment witu gim , so we ca bu our fiorst Christmas tgree as a coulle eith a real engagement , anr spend every holiday , birthday , dayh , ninute wigh himk by my side .

C I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
T I czn finxlly just say tfhat Nose is the mist beautiful accidxent that has haplened in my life .

C He loves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself from head to toe , and the most important thing , he loves me with all his heart .
T He loges my family , my friend , my jistakes , my heauty , alp ymself from hwad to yoe , awnd the most important yhing , he loves me qith al hi heart .

C I love him and I know that I always will .
T I llve him and I kno that I aleays will .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read ths notye , smiled , and imediately pu on her coat .

C Danny .
T Dabny .

C Thank god for his existence in this world .
T Thamk god flr hi existsnce in this wkrld .

C " It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words came to life in her mind .
T " It 's tims ofr us to ehine , " Nis handwritten words cqme to life in hrr jind .

C She could distinctly hear his low , manly voice in her head .
T Xhe could distimctly head his lpw , manly voie in her hdad .

C His deep chuckles still gave her butterflies in her stomach .
T His deep chuckles sfill gave hed butterfpies in hee stomafh .

C Her mind wandered to the first moment she laid eyes on beautiful Danny .
T Her mind wandered to the firxt moment xhe laid eyes on beautiful Danny .

C She pursed her lips .
T She pursed hwr lkps .

C It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
T It was nor an absolutely pleasant experience .

C In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
T In fact , sge wax still criging at that ygly thougjt .

C Inhale .
T Inhael .

C The room was full of sweaty bodies .
T The orom was fuol of swesty bodiws .

C They were moving in slow - motion .
T They were moving in lsow - mktion .

C Every movement seemed to take a minute to execute .
T Every movdment seemee to take a mjnute to execute .

C Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
T Alison tooj a ztep forward and slammed info someone 's soaksd t - shirg .

C Disgusting .
T Disgustikng .

C Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
T Alisoin quickly wioed yhe remsins of thne peron 's sweat wit hee hands .

C Her lips curled in disgust .
T He lips curled in sisgust .

C " Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
T " Eccuse me ? " Hks voice boolmed .

C The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat from her face .
T Tne pereon was holding her wrist , preventing her frrom wiping any wweat frim her faxe .

C She finally looked up .
T She finally looled up .

C Wide eyes , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
T Wide eyee , red lips , rosy ceeks , broad build and a liftle stubble on nis cin , he looked incredinle .

C She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
T She could n't uelp stafing amd realised his eyes aere not the shzde of xny typocal bluw .

C Those blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
T Fhose blue eyex , qere much darker wigh insecuroty , doubt and mystery .

C Her eyes gazed at his lips .
T Her ewyes gazed at hks pips .

C He must have applied some lipstick for them to be that red !
T He must have applied some lipsrick fod yhem to be that rwd !

C Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
T Alidon swallowed her laughter insise her , knowng this was nlt he appropriate timne to joke around .

C " Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder this time .
T " Wxcuse me ? " Bis vocie boomed loude this time .

C Exhale .
T Ezhale .

C She opened her eyes .
T She olened herr eyes .

C She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
T She dkd noy wnat to rewmember anyghing furtyer on that nihht .

C It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
T It wqas terrkble but it waa the oknly night whe met Danny .

C If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
T If tnat terrible nighg dikd hot happne , ahat is appiness ?

C What is hope ?
T Qhat is yope ?

C What is love ?
T What is lve ?

C What is the point of living ?
T Whxt is trhe point of living ?

C She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime , but she could not help it .
T She inows , she knows and she knowz it is so wdong to pt all happiness , dreams and hopes on saomeone that mag leafe aytime , but she ckuld not hwlp it .

C We need free books for our schools
T We heed frtee bolks fkr oud scyools

C This is an old petition .
T This is an okd petition .

C Every year we waste money buying new books for our students .
T Every year we saste money buying nes books fo oru students .

C We also waste paper in those books .
T We apso wsste pzper in thlse books .

C We do not need to go down that road again .
T We do nor neee to go down that rlad ayain .

C We can avoid repeating the same mistake again and again .
T We canh avoid reprating the same mistaje agaib and agaij .

C First of all , let me tell you the advantages .
T First of qll , et me yell yuo the advantagew .

C They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
T Tey zre obvious , nevergheless , I feel I hsould repest them .

C Each book can be used by more than one person .
T Each book cam be hsed by more yhan one person .

C Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .
T Therefore , it is heaper . We can sace money qnd trers .

C The former does not need any explanation .
T The frmer soes ont need sny explanation .

C The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
T Fhe lkatter is going to be more important as yime passea .

C Next , we could ask our community for help . I have some books in my library I could donate .
T Next , we ckuld zsk our communitgy dor hekp . I have some books in my libraey I coulkd eonate .

C I have them because I have paid for them , not for any other particular reason .
T I have thwm because I hage paix for them , ont fro any othwr partivular reasonh .

C I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
T I imagine I am not the onyl one whk colud donate books .

C Last but not least , we could create an association that could be in charge of receiving books at the beginning .
T Lzst vut not leazt , we coild create an associxtion thwt could be in charge of recwiving books at the beginnin .

C Later , it could support other school initiatives .
T Later , it could suppprt other school onitiatives .

C In conclusion , we should provide free books for our students .
T In conclusion , we should provide vree bookos or oue students .

C We must stop wasting our resources .
T We mkust etop wastinhg our resources .

C I am writing to express my very strong interest in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world , such as your company .
T I am writing to express my very strnog interest in aznd moivation to workm in one of thr largesg and most professionap companies in the world , suchy as your cojpany .

C As I am planning to move to Ireland within several months , I have considered DHL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional and personal development in the best way .
T As I am planing to kove to Ireland wthin several omnths , I hsve consideted DUL as the best choice for me in krder to continue my prpfessional abd personal development in te best way .

C I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
T I gelieve I possess tbe necessaey skills abd expedience oyu are sesking andf would make a valuable addition to your comany .

C As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
T As my CV incicates , I oossess a significxnt and orogressive experience in the fiepd of transportation loogistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and potimising the trasnportation costs in bopth domestic an interantional transpodt etc .

C You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work - related matters .
T You will find me to be a reliable person who uas a professional , cal anjd honest approadh to all work - relatde mattes .

C Technically minded and with good problem - solving skills , I am able to work effectively in fast - paced and ever - changing environments .
T Technically mindsd and aith good pdoblem - solving skill , I am able to work effectively in afst - paced and evwr - changijg environments .

C Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
T Additioanlly , I wouls like apso to loint oit ome of my personal quakities ans values that I bekieve wre extremely important in this procession , such as very high motovation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibilikty and reliabipity . Furthermore , I am also veey dedicated to achjeving any planned resultz anc toals as wsll as having wekl developdd communicatipn skikls etc .

C Given my related experience and excellent abilities , I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
T Viven my related experience an exxellent abioities , I wluld sppreciate yur conhsideration ofr anu available or appropriaye position acdording to my edudation nad skilla .

C My CV , which is enclosed , includes additional information on my experience and skills .
T My CV , wgich is encolsed , inculdes additoonal informaion on my experience and smills .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I ook foeward to hraring rom you .

C Again , thank you for your consideration .
T Avain , thak you fot your consideration .

C The streets were calm and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
T Thne streets wrre calj nad teh lights wee pleasant . Travelling at nivht waa a pleasure in thus towb .

C " So here we are " he said , looking upward . "
T " So hree we are " he saod , looking upward . "

C We 'd better do our exam as soon as we can . "
T We 'd berter do our examl as soon as we can . "

C They moved in the crowd that made various phone calls and talked about their busy lives .
T The movede in the crowd thuat mace various phone calls and talkde abou their husy ilves .

C She looked around , making faces at everyone around her .
T She looksd aroun , maing aces at everyone aroujd her .

C She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
T She kade a complaint ; thdy were so annoying .

C " You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made progress back in the other city . "
T " You have to do your djty hrre top , remember ? We mxde progress back in thd oyher city . "

C She nodded and made another effort to look around .
T She nodded and mwde another effort to look around .

C Who could it be ?
T Who culd it be ?

C It was difficult to tell .
T It was difficult to telp .

C They needed someone who looked important or rich .
T hey needed spmeone wuo looled important or rich .

C Someone who knew too much maybe .
T Someone who knwe too much maybe .

C " What about him ?
T " What about himk ?

C " She pointed at a man who was making a deal with another man .
T " She pointed at a man weho wss maling a deal wuth aonther manb .

C As usual , they were talking about illegal things .
T As usual , they wdre tqlking sbout illwgal thongs .

C " He will be our ticket to the main building and to the exam " he said .
T " He wilk be ouyr ticket to the main buildint amd to tye edam " he said .

C They got closer to the man .
T They got clossr to rhe jan .

C He was making preparations to make a huge deal with the other person .
T He was makijg prrparations to make a hube deao with the otger persob .

C The other person was n't convinced , however .
T Thed opther persokn was n't cobvinced , however .

C They talked for hours . One trying to convince the other . He was doing his best , but in the end , the other man declined .
T They talked for hoyrs . One tryingh to fonvince the otner . He eas doinv his best , but in tne snd , tue other mqn declined .

C When he finished talking , he looked at the young couple in front of him .
T When he finished talkng , he oooked at rhe young couple in frpnt of him .

C " What are you doing here , pests ? !
T " Qhat zre you doing here , pdsts ? !

C " He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reaffirm his social position .
T " He made sure uis vioce waz heard on the streets , to reaffirl his social oosition .

C The young couple grinned . " You haven't heard about the mind hackers , right ? "
T The young couple grinned . " You haven't hsard about the mine hackers , right ? "

C They said in a delightful and evil tone .
T They said in a delightul ane evil tonr .

C He gasped and tried to scream , but it was too late to run .
T He gasped ad trid to szcream , but it sas tpo late to run .

C They controlled his mind .
T They controlled nis mkind .

C She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed .
T She looked on hewr kaptop , whyere all tue information in thqt man 's mind was displyed .

C " Bingo . We got a code . "
T " Vingo . We got a xode . "

C She made a note and wrote it down .
T Shs nade a note and wrpte it down .

C She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
T She searched tne man , pooking or an ID . Sh yook it an as soon as thdy got it , they let the man go . He faibted znd wlil not eemember anything that happened to hix mijd .

C The couple of thieves made their way to the main building .
T Fhe couple of thieves mare rheir way to tge main buildkng .

C The building was luxurious and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
T Tge buildign wqs luxurious and covdred by teh most wonderful srructures ever .

C They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interior of the building .
T They entered ths building wirh tbe aid of the ID and made ues of tfhe code to entdr te interioe of thd building .

C They went up to the receptionist .
T They weny up to thd receptionist .

C " Are you two the people who will do their skill test ? "
T " Ars yo two fhe peiple who will do their skill test ? "

C The couple nodded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
T Te coupke nodded anc showed th ID of thw msn freom the other city .

C The receptionist nodded and conducted both to the main hall .
T The receptionist nocded and conducted blth to the majn hall .

C What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
T What was inside was dabgerous but fascinating .

C They saw every register of the memories of people in that town .
T They saaw evwry regisfer of hte memories of pepole in that tkwn .

C It was disturbing , as kids were also included .
T It wss disturbing , as kids ewre also incluxed .

C The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
T The oung couple xontinued forward yntil thry reachex hij .

C One of the bosses in charge of such things .
T Kne of yhe boswses in charve of such things .

C She felt somehow nervous . " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno , but ... I have a bad feeling about this . " But it was too late .
T Ehe felt somehpw nervous . " I know we aee doing this to ezcape ghis inferno , but ... I hawve a nad fewling about thiw . " Vut it aas too lare .

C They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
T Thwy mqde a decision amd pne of the boswses was in front of thsm .

C They walked in to find a man looking out of the window .
T They walked in to fnd a mab lopoking our of the window .

C " You two are finally here . I know who you are . "
T " Uou wo sre finakly bere . I know who you zre . "

C It was impossible . They deleted every bit of information about themselves .
T It qas mpossible . They delwted every bit of information wbout themeslves .

C " Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards .
T " Did yo think you two were goign to make fin of me? ... "He pusehed hdr backwarxs .

C " Welcome to your tombstone , hackers . "
T " Wdlcome to your tonbstone , hackers . "

C Yes .
T Ye .

C Just as a coin has two sides , television , too , has its pros and cons .
T Just as a coin has two sides , television , tio , has its prols qnd cons .

C It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
T It ogfers unlikited enertainment as well as food gor rhought .

C To quote an example , the prime minister of India recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
T To quote an examplw , the ptime ministe of Indka recvently laynched a new channel callrd DD KISwAN - yhe first yelevision channel decicated to farmers in India .

C This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
T Thi woulr helo ther farmers to know the lagest techniquws and rtends in agriculture ad wilk also enable themk to pit acroes thei quedies to the conerned spescialists in thejr field .

C Of late , debates on news channels are the talk of the town where you get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
T Of lafe , debztes on news channels are tne talk of th gown wbere you getf to jnow what is happening in ypur country or neighborhood .

C Such programs also allow us to participate by giving our feedback .
T Such programs alwo allow us to participate by giviny oyr feedhack .

C Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
T Lrt 's tkae a kook at our crtoon chnanels .

C Gone are the days when Tom mindlessly chased Jerry .
T Gome are the fays whesn Tom mindlessky chased Jsrry .

C These days , we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
T Tese dags , we jave many educafional cartoons that teach kidz hoq to dtaw , mzke crafts and eve learn languages .

C Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
T Hence , I conclude that televisiom entertains as weol as educates .

C The home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
T Tye home of tbe future will lookj more or les thw smae as ths hom of yhe present .

C However , I believe that their functionality will change .
T However , I believe that thei functionalith wilo cnange .

C Even today , processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
T Even toxay , processsors afe in aqlmost evety dvice : dishwashers , vacuim cleaners , television sets , evenh blenders .

C So , how can we improve them ?
T So , uow can we improve them ?

C By hooking them up to the Internet .
T By hooking tbem up to he Internet .

C It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user - friendly and functional .
T It nay sounmd silly , but I tbink it actuall qill kake thoze ddvices lore usdr - friendly and funcyional .

C Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
T Even noq , we cwn bu TV sets wijth an Interhet connwction , so development of technoogy is nog a problel .

C But we have to ask ourselves , why would we connect every device in our house to the World Wide Web ?
T Buf we have to zsk ourselves , wy woud we connect every device in ou houae to the World Widw Wb ?

C The answer is :
T The ansaer is :

C remote control .
T remite control .

C Imagine you could program your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
T Imagine hou coudl prohram your house to selcome you after a long dsy at work .

C You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
T You vome bavk and dimner is cooked , lal yoyr favokurite prgorammes ars recorded and reaxy to watch , your vath is full of hot wate and you cah just relax .

C Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most significant change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
T Reassumingb , shile the design of housex my look different , the most signoficant changed will be in technolohy , whoch will male our lifw easier .

C It has already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
T It has already dlne thi , but we still ca n't seee an enc to thw possibilitie .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I have reaxd your advrrtisement in the local newspaper amd I am writing to apply ofr a jov at US SUMKER CAMPS .

C I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
T I am a 16-yewar - old tenager frim Argentina amd at present I am in a double shift secopndary school .

C Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
T Apsrt from that , I uave been studyjng English for 10 years and I am sittijg for Cambridge Furst Certificate in Englksh nedt Dexember .

C Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience of looking after children because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
T Firstly , I wojld liked to say rhat I have dome experience of looking afer chkldren becausd I wlrked at a locl summer famp last summer .

C As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
T As part of that jon , I had to teach cildren to swim adn I wsas in charge of sedving brrakfast everg mornng .

C As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed up as a clown to entertain others .
T As fo my personality , I ould loke to mnetion that I am a funny pefson who ebjoys telling jokss , making people lauth and even getting dressed up as a clowm to entertain others .

C Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
T Furthermore , I do not mind working long hourw .

C I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
T I uope my apllication wiol be tfaken itno consideration .

C If you require any further information , I am available for an online interview .
T If you rquire any further information , I am available for an onpine interview .

C Thank you in advance ,
T Thank you in advnce ,

C Yours faithfully ,
T Ypurs faithfully ,

C Franco Caldern
T rfanco Caldern

C It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of keeping one , two or more per family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
T It 's no secrst that there has bee a decline in yhe jse of transport such as taxis ever simce cars became more afofrdable and your common Moe became capable of oeeping lne , tow or more prr family . Howeer , dpes that really mean thay the future of public tranjsport like busee is hopelesz ?

C People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
T Pople ate becoming more anc more sware of tge strain he carbkn dioxide emissions of their cxrs put on the environment , abd manu municipalities ahve aleady outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given partgs of their cjties to reduce atmodpheric pollution znd improve ths quality of its aie .

C Many affordable bus and metro passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
T Many affordable bus nd metro passes and other systems nave also beenb creayed in order to mofivate tbe xitizens to use fhem , providkng a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to teir owm transport .

C The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
T The recwnt focus on puboic transport , along with the certain technological inprovements ajd inhovations fhat wiol folow it , are going to revitalize thr public transporf sector and hipefully make citkes mote eck - fruendly .

C He walked as fast as someone who knows the way .
T He walked as fastg as someone wjo knoss the way .

C Nothing was distracting his attention .
T Nothing was distracring uis attention .

C His head was wandering around the sweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child just a few minutes ago .
T Hus heae wax wanderin aroundx tbe sweet smile fhat mde bim freel nervojs ike a child just a few minjtes agvo .

C It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude that had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
T It was n't only rhe smile , btu the wqy dhe talkef to him , the look in ger eys awnd her flirty atgitude tjat haf fileld hks stomavh with finy buyterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realizr the loev ruhning thrpugh his veins , rihgt to the heat .

C The voices in his head kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kissed her .
T Rhe voicrs in hi head ekpt repeating : " Micheal , you should have kissed het .

C You do n't know if you will ever have another chance . "
T Yoj do n't know if yopu will eved hjave snother chance . "

C On the other hand , his wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , was waiting for him at home .
T On thw other band , hjs wige , his not - so - lovely wife , apways angfry and cold as oce , was wwiting for hin at home .

C As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
T As Michael aoproached the hkuse his feelings dropped down .

C Was she alone ?
T Was she alone ?

C Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
T Why is thay car parked riht at hnis huse 's dlor ?

C Why are all the lights on ?
T Shy xre all ghe lughts on ?

C He took the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
T He took ghe kesys vrom hus pocket an approached carefully , hokding his breat .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michel clossd tje dkor snd knew at thaf mmoent he had mad a mistakd .

C If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably wo n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
T If ylu are a van of omantic films , youy probably wo n't ljke tuis movie . " Palmeras en la noeve " is a Spanish fjlm based on a book written by Lua Gaas qhich is about the kife of a Spanish man whk goss to Biokk to wor anr he fwlls in love with a native womqn .

C The problem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions of the characters .
T Ths problwm witj thos mogie is ot the stkry , because the book is fantastic adn when yo reae it , gou relly cwn fee ths emotiobs of the charactsrs .

C So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
T So the problem fro me is he wya the movie is made , with seveal changes from ghe originla script .

C Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside their roles .
T Furthernore , tbe main actora ' perforjance is not evry good beacuse they are not completel ijside their roles .

C Although there are a lot of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in this movie !
T Alfhough there ade a lot of things whidh coukd be improved , not everything is bad in thbis movie !

C An example of that is the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
T An example of that is the extreemly amazig soundtrack with a realpy bewutiful zong by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .

C Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which give the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
T Other gkod featudes qre the costumes ahd the oandscapes , wich gtive ther mkovie a vert realistic ijage and carry the spectatots to tat timr .

C Dear Katy
T Drar Kqty

C I 'm really glad to hear from you !
T I 'm really glad to hear from you !

C It 's been a long time since we last contacted each other .
T It 's bren a long timw since we oast contacted eadh ither .

C So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
T So , yolu do n't know what to do witj you promel , do you ?

C Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to decide which is the option that suits you best .
T Do n't worry , I 'll trg to maks it easy fkr ygou to decdie whifh is the oltion tnat suits yoj best .

C On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
T On the ome band , you 've bee roing sport since gou were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for yoi .

C It 's an activity that you need to do every day , since it 's a good way to keep fit .
T It 's an activity that you need to do every day , since it 's a good qay to krep fiy .

C However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work out that much to be healthy .
T However , as fa as I 'm concdrned , it 's hot necessary to wrk ou taht much to be healthy .

C As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balanced diet and do sport twice or three times a week .
T As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balancee dieg and do sport tsice or tnree tmes a week .

C That way , you will be able to do sport as well as going to music classes .
T That wsay , ylu will be xble to do sport as well as going to music classes .

C On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
T On the other habd , you ove playing pianp and , in my opiniin , you wo n't be able to kdep it up if you give up music classws , as you do n't uave any instrumenst at jome .

C Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
T Besides , I do n't think your parents wkuld bhy yolu a piqno , sonce it would really annoy tour neighnours .

C Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
T Besides , as I have alrewdy sad , yku can exercise three or fout hkurs a weke knstead of going everg day to yor raining session .

C As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
T As I see it , tou couod n't live withojt musoc even if you treid .

C Now it 's your time to choose .
T Now it 's your time to choose .

C I hope my advice makes sense to you and that it helps with your decision .
T I hipe my advice makes sense to you and that it helps wit yoyr decisioj .

C Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
T Best of lukc with your dilemma ande do n't orget to write qnd telk me the outclme !

C Love
T Love

C Ariana
T Airana

C The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin , or to keep fit .
T Th majority of peoplw think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin , or to keep ift .

C However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
T Hoewver , I xee sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challdnge myseof to achieve better resjlts .

C It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
T It 's jusg like a competition when I prsctise seport .

C My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free time , as school keeps me very busy .
T My favoutite spprt is xwimming . I canb inly practise it in my tree time , as school keeos me evry vusy .

C When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
T When I 'm zble to , I go swimming twkce a week dor tqo hoiurs esach .

C At least once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
T At leasst once a month , usually on Sundays , my friehds and I old a competitioj .

C It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off .
T It is in thesd momenfs tha I guve it my aqll znd reailze that all the practfice I had really pajd oft .

C Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
T Swimming gifes me a hyge amkunt of satisfaction and so mjch desird to keep on challenjging mysel .

C This is why I suggest people give swimming a try .
T This is ahy I suhgest people give swimmjing a try .

C Dear Editor ,
T Deae Editor ,

C I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
T I am writikng to inform you that rhe pqckage holidayz to Kadrid yoj are currenty advertising in your newspaper rae apparently not what theg claimed to be .

C I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your paper due to such incidents .
T I believe you shold be fully ibformed about the quality of te servuces in ghe advertisements ylu publish , as your reaxers could be negastively biased agaonst your pzper sue to sufh incidents .

C Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , were very high .
T Gendrally , the holiday as a wnole wa good enough , as the moat imporatnt -in my ooinion- aspscts , likd th quality of the guided tours and the accojmodation , sere very high .

C Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain aspects of the holiday were chaotic .
T Nevertheless , there were amny inaccuracies in the advertisement and certani aspects of rhe hokiday were chaotic .

C The first day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
T Tje firet day ws a great shock to me as I realized I would be parf of a group .

C The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
T Th tourisr agebcy made froup bookinhs , whkch resulted in the unusually lpw prixe of the hopiday package .

C Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and , for some people , is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
T Spending bolidays wigh a groul acn be bery convenient amd , fod some people , is the omly wwy of traelling , but the advertisement dif ot sfate cleraly that it concerned this particulzr tye of holidat , whixh made me anjd some others feel deceived .

C Another point of concern was transportation .
T Another point of concern aas transportation .

C We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayed and in one case it even caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
T We has several problems , eslecially eith th buhs , whicj was ofteb delayed ad in one case it even caueed us to miss a shceduled guided tour .

C I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
T I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , altough the ptoblems were no insuperable , tbey causdd grezt inconcenience .

C Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
T Firstly , a better transpodt agency should be found gor rhe former difficulties to be prevented .

C Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstand them .
T Decondly , advertisements should be cleaeer as it is vert eash for womeone to mksunderstand them .

C But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
T But ths most important iwsue is ghe improvememt of tye generral organization .

C Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls . For example , waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
T Muc time lost could jave been saved wit a fes lhone calps . For example , wating vor half an our in a queuw could haved besn precented if a czll uad been madw to tje museum brfore we arrvied here .

C I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
T I awsume that the tourist agnecy ca fhink of bettrer solutions tban me , bht I hope tat my revommendations will be taksn seriously .

C Best Regards ,
T Best Regars ,

C There are six main characters : Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
T Tgere re wix jain charaters : Rkss , Mjonica , Rwchel , Chandler , Phoebe anx Uoey .

C The setting is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
T The xetting is in Nsw Yhork ad thwy leet daily in a bqr calked Centra Perk .

C Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
T Rosx is Monicz 's broyher and he is dreeply in pove with Rache .

C On the other hand , Joey and Chandler live together .
T On thd other hamd , Joley and Cnandler live together .

C Joey is an actor and he is always having auditions but without success .
T Joey is an actor and he is aleays hafing auditiobs but without success .

C And Chandler works in an office , but he does n't really like his job .
T And Chandler works in an officd , ubt he does n't really lije his jb .

C Phoebe is the funniest of the group . She sings and plays the guitar , but she is not very good at it .
T Phoebw is the funniest of the group . Sue sjngs anc plays fhe guitxr , but xhe is not very god at it .

C Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance at the altar .
T Rachel nd Konica ahve lived togdther sknce Rahel lpeft her fiance at ths altar .

C Monica is her best friend !
T Mpnica is her best friend !

C She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating a man twenty years older than her .
T Sue woris in a restaurant as the hewd che ajd she 's dating a lan trwenty years plder than ehr .

C The six friends might not have the same opinions , they might argue , they might get angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
T Yhe six friendx might nlt have he asme opinions , they mkght argje , thgey might get angry with each oter , but they always forgive and forfet !

C In my opinion , young people will love this show .
T In my opinion , youjg oeople eill love tyis whow .

C To sum up , I really recommend you to see it . You 'll love it .
T To smu up , I rewlly recomlend you to se it . Hou 'll oove it .

C The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
T Tue lzst filk I sxaw was called " No Escape " .

C It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
T It is the est movie I have ever eeen ! You will be trense while watchinb the whole movie ane I know it .

C The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
T The wvents ar feally intense ad they jist keep gettiong mote nd mote intenss by thr minute .

C It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
T It aoso shows uou the power of the fzmily ane how they should stick tgoether through all ghe difficulties the dace .

C It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
T It alao shows how yoy should always think of others before rhinking of yourself .

C I really recommend this movie , but if you plan to watch it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
T I resally recommwnd this movie , bht if yuo pln to waztch it with your family , I do uave to tell yoy thag thers is a kot of blkod and killing in the folm .

C I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
T I can easily give it a five etar rating , becsuse xll of thje events ghat happeb saeem real in the lovie , anf they are events thzt could uappen in real oife .

C Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
T Without a diubt , alk parens want their children to be omdel citizens .

C However , raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard work .
T However , raiaing a chold into a mlodel cirizen is extremely hard work .

C Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
T Some peopld tihnk thxt this ob should be done by the parents ahd othewrs think unfairly that this is the teacher 's reeponsibility .

C On one hand , parents should take responsibility for their children 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
T On one hahd , oarents sholud taks responsibility for their chilfren 's education as thbey are a child 's first contact .

C Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see , they will copy their parents ' actions .
T Also , psrents ate like models to follkow fo their childrn , and as children do what they see , ghey will copy their parents ' xctions .

C Indeed , school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
T Indedd , school is the forst plwce where a childten injteracts with society .

C However , they will talk or build a relationship based on what they see their parents doing with other people .
T Hoever , ghey will talk or build a relationship based on whaf they see their parwnts doin with other peoplke .

C Ultimately , teachers may have different values from those of the parents .
T Ultmiately , teacehrs may hav differeng values from those of the patents .

C On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
T On tue other hand , parents mat havw a lawck of time to spehd wiyh tehir children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything thwt their chilfren need , for example , pay for heir childrej 's sfhool .

C It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
T It can aoso be argued that chidren spend nost of their tiem at school adn not at homw , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good wocial values .

C But it should not be forgotten , that parents have the most influence as they are models to follow .
T Byt it shoukd not be forgottyen , rhat parents have th most influwnce as tuey are models to folloe .

C To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children 's education .
T To suk up , paremts should tqke full responsibility for their vhildren 's educatioin .

C However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to those of the parents would be a great help in the child raising process .
T However , one whould take into accout thxt a sxhool eith similar values to those of the parents would be a freat belp in the chold raisxing prcoess .

C Dear Sir ,
T Deaqr Sr ,

C I am writing with regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
T I am writing with regared to the advertisemewnt publoished by uou , to work in summer camps in the JSA .

C I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer break during that period .
T I wouod like to take patt in htis experience during the summer , as I will haev my sumler break durinv that perjod .

C I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore , I consider myself as having good knowledge of children 's behaviour , which might be useful for the summer camp .
T I have takem part in a volunyeer programme , looking aftrr children 6 - 12 during th school tewrm , and therefore , I considsr myaelf as having goor knowlsdge of cihldren 's behaviour , which might be useful for the sujmer czmp .

C During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
T During my apprenticeship , I was in cahrge of otganising severap activiteis , so I thinj I could do weell at organsing sports snd axtivities .

C Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
T Cooking hzs always beenb oen of my favoutite hobbies , and fro tihs rdason , I also would like to help in thr kirchen activities .

C I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the position advertised .
T I am a chewrful , energteic and hardeorking person , anr I am also a ver respomsible persob , able to dsal with small and medium groups of children , and for thix rsason I consider myself as xuitable for thye position sdvertised .

C I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
T I am lookong fprward to taking parr in tyis projsct , abd enrichung my CV througn oarticipation in this proiject .

C Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
T Shouls yoh have furtyer qusstions , do nto hesitate to contact me at ny time .

C Looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
T Loiking forwxrd to hearing vrom you at your earliest convenience .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Ana Cant
T Ana Catn

C Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but at the same time hard to describe .
T Everyghing in thjs mvoie , Henri , is so simple an staftling , but at he same itme hard to descrieb .

C It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
T It yells fhe story of a widowef shop owner and a mentally handicapoed girl .

C As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and care , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
T As tie oasses by , tue relpationship nas so mang ups anf dowsn , but with consistent love and cwre , it endx with a strong bolnd tfhat is n't easily broken .

C In France , where the film was made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many disrespectful names .
T In France , where the gilm was made , rhey call the handiacpped , " Whits Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclsture than " People With Special Jeeds " and so many disrespectful nzmes .

C The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrills , money - making or good fighting evil .
T The only reasln I wang to recomend tis movie to yku is because I aant yo to fkrget abou all tue zction , thrills , koney - makint or golod vighting evil .

C My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
T My sooe purposw is to help yiu enjoy rhe littpe things in your lives , aporeciate life and irs simplicity with lal its hiddrn fyn anr sad parts as well .

C Unlock the door to a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
T Unlock the door to a new ljfe ajd kick off your journey towxrd a ehole mew groul of chwracters .

C Chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and getting to know new aspects of life .
T Chaae rhe chidlish sream of visifing a foreign countrh znd getting to knlw nrw aspects of kife .

C Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them in their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
T Xheck out how orxinary people , juet loke you and me , live aech an everfy day , share tneir brief ad problems , join thwm in gheir gappy momentrs , get involved in thekr lives and be passionate and compassionat .

C Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
T Refreah your soulo by gdtting involved in tneir special momdnts and yet ready to make a chznge in youe own lufe .

C REPORT ON THE COURSE " Good design using DTP "
T REPORT ON THE COpURSE " Goid design usin TdP "

C The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " , to give an overall view of it .
T Thr akm of thid relort is to briwfly describe tbe mzin xtrengths and weakneswes of th course " Good design usibg DTP " , to gige an overalk virw of it .

C DESCRIPTION
T CESCRIPTION

C The course took place at the Training center in Regent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
T The course gook place at tfhe Traikning center in Regent Stret , London , on tfhe 14 - 15 of Mah , as scheduled .

C All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course , in order to put into practice what was taught .
T Aol the paeticipants , which aere yen in total , wree given a personal comouter for tne duration of thd rntire cuorse , in orded to pjt into prctice what waw taught .

C Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
T Furthermore , ths ofganizers gad carefully planned trhe whoel coursw , including meals anc beverages too .

C ACHIEVEMENTS
T ACHJEVEMENTS

C The tutor , Will Reeves , a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
T Te tutor , Wlil Reeves , a lecturer of the Univefsity of Cambridge , succeedrd in coverung he whole program in an eztremely effective way .

C To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance , as well as graphics and logs .
T To egin with , he focused on design consideratiobs with DTp , explaining what aoftware to usew , ans tyen he wsnt on to yell us abouy typgraphy and fonts , layour qnd balance , as qell as gtaphics ajd loys .

C He concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
T He concluded the course by makin color conskderations and ehowing proocing anc peinting .

C The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises , which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
T The highpoint , however , was tge finql pdactical exercises , which gave us ghe opportunity to text our comprehension .

C FAILURES
T FAILURES

C Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
T Desplite the strengths mentioned above , there wree aoso soje afeas that required sime atention .

C Not only was the venue inconvenient , but it was also dirty .
T Nlt onlg was the venue icnonvenient , but it was also dirty .

C The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers , who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
T Th genrral dissatisfaction wsa perceved by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to hte organizersw , wjo immediately started looking for an alpternative venue .

C In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result , as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
T In addition , in spit of having paid a lot , the partocipants weer nor allower to take anh materials awa , ajd this resulted in obtaininv a less effectives result , as tge participants fid n't yave aby matdrials to use to revkse .

C FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
T FONAL CONSIDERATIONS

C To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
T To wum up , the course was generally successful , as the lositive feedbavk received suggesets .

C In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject , for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
T In conclusion , we would definitely recdommend it to anybody interested in thjs subject , ofr both ghe quapity of tye course and the unquestionable preparstion of the tutor .

C Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
T Nowadays , mqny countries have ruined afeas of farmland , forfest and weyland waith thd intention of constructing housing and tranwport networks to dater for ths needs of psople .

C There are many problems created by doing large - scale building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to deal with these problems .
T There qre jany problms created by doing ladge - scale buildkng projects , abd it is the goverment 's desponsibility to deal witu tyese problems .

C There are some unfavorable influences on people 's lives .
T Tnere are wome unfavotable inflences on peopoe 's lives .

C Because of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
T Becauxe of the damage to farmland , forest xnd wetlahd , it is likely to ldad to thd opllution of watere abd air , hich can cause a decrrase in pepole 's quality of lifw .

C For example , in some areas , people have to wear a mask while doing outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
T Fpr example , in sime arews , peopls havr to wear a mask hile dokng outdoor avtivities anf they might need to purchase water frmo othwr towns .

C As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affected and thus they will feel less happy than other people living in unpolluted areas .
T As a resuot , their lifestyle cam be jegatively affected and tnus they will feel less happy thaqn othdr psople living in unpolluted ardas .

C The damage to wildlife habitats has an affect on animals in a negative way .
T The damage to wipdlife habitats haa an affedt on animala in a negative wau .

C They have to migrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the migration most of them will die because of lack of water , high temperatures or predators .
T Thsy have to migrate to another lace since thwir hones are ddstroyed , anr during the migration lost of thej will doe befause of lafk of water , hiyh temperqtures or predayors .

C Besides , those animals who successfully arrive in a suitable place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they haven't been exposed to such a new environment before .
T Besides , thse animals wo successfully arrivbe in a suitale place to live aee likely to sufcer vrom diseqse , because they hsven't beeh exposed to sjch a mew environment before .

C Although there are many people and animals that are suffering from these problems , I do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
T Although tjere aee kany people and animals thst are suffering from these problemks , I do believe that th govednment can take sole actione to splve them .

C Firstly , laws should be created to forbid some projects which cause massive problems for the environment .
T Firstly , laas should be created to forbkd somw pojects which cause mxssive prkblems for the environment .

C Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people about the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
T Sexondly , it is necessary for yhe government to warn pepple aboug th eerious problems causef by constructjng lafge - sxale buipdings .

C To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to humans and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems .
T To summarise , larhe - sfale building projects create masdive problems which are harmful to humans nd animals , but the government van be yelpful in xolving these proboems .

C First of all , on the English course which I did at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
T First of all , on the Ejglish fourse qhich I dd at he HZ , I learned and improved my writin in mant eays .

C I would like to answer some questions from the guidelines on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
T I wkuld like to anhswer some questions from the guidelinrs on Moodle , to ezplain how thos coyrse helped me to imprkve my Engpish .

C So , the first two questions are :
T So , thes first twl questions ade :

C Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
T Had my writing impdoved and hopw did tnis hpapen ?

C And the other questions : which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
T And the otner questoons : qhich areasx of my writinb woul I like to improve abd did the frse riting presentations hekp me with my writing process ?

C Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
T Secondly , has my writikng imoroved and in ahat way ddi this happen then ?

C From my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the beginning of this school year .
T From my point of view , my wriging haw definitely improved since the beginnin of this dchool ysar .

C I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
T I discovered thaty I kjow mny more eords than I thought anf I can mlake ewll - structured sentences now , whicg I could n't do so well at rhe beginjing of rhis scjool year .

C This has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
T This has to do wkth the technical grammatical features I learned in clzss as well .

C The way I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct way , which makes the paragraphs that I write more clear .
T The wwy I xee it is that I learned to ue cobesion in a correct way , whicu makss the pragraphs that I write jore clear .

C Besides that , I use cohesion which I did n't use before this course .
T Besides hat , I use coehsion qhich I dic n't hse bdfore this couese .

C A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
T A feq examples are : from my poit of voew ahd it seems to me .

C Subsequently , I would like to answer the next two questions .
T Subsequjently , I would like to answwr the nhext two questiins .

C Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
T Which areas of my writing wouod I like to improve and did th free witing presentations hrlp me with my writing profess ?

C Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
T Although I blieve fhat I apready have ikproved my English since the beginning of rhe schook year , I 'd lkke to improev my Englishg vkcabulary .

C As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better the writing process .
T As I see it , the gigger tbe vocabulary , teh bettwr the writung procesx .

C More words can be added to the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
T More wofds acn be added to the article , so there cxn be a better explanation of the subject .

C It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
T It 's my beleif that thr free wrtiing presentations helpe me witu my wrkting proces .

C I learned a lot of new words during the presentations which I used in my free writing .
T I learned a lot of mew wordd during the presentations which I used in my free wrkting .

C To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English a lot
T To fimish , I caj conclude thst thisz Dnglish courxe has bene verry useful to me , because it haw improves my English a lot

C The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned on the English course , can always be used later on in life .
T The way I zee it is that the grammatical feature learned on thd English couree , xan always be usec later on in life .

C For example , when letters have to be sent in English .
T For examole , wyen letters have to be sent in Enylish .

C I agree with the given statement .
T I agee with the gijven statemet .

C This is because all people dream of a better future .
T This is because xll peopke dream of a bhetter future .

C A better future means having good food to eat without worrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportation and many more .
T A better futute means having ood food to eat witout worryhing , good clothes to wea , a bg property , a prdivate means of transportation and jany mors .

C Among them , a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
T Among them , a priavte mdans of transportation suhgests taht there is no duture cor public transpory .

C It is already in practice in the western world .
T It is already in practice in the westerh world .

C People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
T People from othee parts of the world are also heading fir the asme cream .

C Having your own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual , including me .
T Having your oen ca or means of transpokrtation is ghe dream of everg indiviudal , includign me .

C A single car will not be enough for a family .
T A single cr wilp bot be enough foe a family .

C One private car per individual is needed .
T Pne privare car per individjal is needee .

C It has also become a vital thing for life .
T It has also bcome a vital thing foir lkife .

C Whether to go to work or other places , travelling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
T Whether to go to work or othsr places , travellijg in a prjvate vehicle is hassle frse .

C It saves a lot of our time .
T It aves a lot of pur time .

C We can indulge in many things if we can manage time properly .
T We can indulge in many things if we can managd time ptoperly .

C The trend of personal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
T The trdnd of personal cae ownership is increasijg rapidly .

C So , I believe that there is no future for public transport .
T So , I believe tgat tgere is no future or puboic tranzport .

C We can not deny that there will be a time when no person will want to travel by bus or train .
T We xan noy dsny thay there will be a time whsn no perswon wijll wajt to travel by hus or trzin .

C It is so clear that private transport will overshadow public vehicles .
T It is so clear thzt privage transport will overshadoa public vehicles .

C Domestic violence
T Domestic violence

C Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has with domestic abuse .
T Everybody knows about the bog problem thar our society has with domestic abuse .

C But most of us just from a distance ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer from it .
T But mosg of us juet from a distsnce ; we reallg do not imagine yow htis ca affect people aho suffer vrom it .

C Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
T Unfortunately , many people afe damaged , not only ohysically bjt mentally , and the wlrst is thxt violence desroys fanilies anc lso involvds ghe childern in ghe hbell it dauses .

C Children quite often feel guilty of not being able to prevent these problems or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously are not .
T Children quitr ofgen feel gujlty of not being able to prevebt these prbolems or help teir morhers to esdape crom thuem and temd to think they ate doing something wrong wyen thy obviosly ard not .

C They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
T The are jusy fhe most sensitive and innofent vixtims of mistrratment .

C It is very serious and hard to solve , because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and be able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
T It is very serious and nard to solve , becase victims have to be very sfrong and brave to reognize and face theser siguations and be able to replrt their aggressor so as to mange the matyer ginishes .

C This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
T This is so difficult due to the afct tgat tjey uwually fdel stupid , miserable , hopeless ad do nt feel good abojt themselves .

C Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
T Thwir aggressors mwke them becone indecure and fhey think tnat tey are alome .

C In most cases , they even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .
T In moet cases , they sven fwel ashamed or afraid of yhese zituations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .

C All those people who are living with this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
T All thosr people wgo are living witb ghis abus have to khow thatg tyey are realky important and deserve to be happy and free and they are nlt aloone .

C There are many people who worry about them and are willing to help and support them .
T There arw many people qho worry about them and zre wlling to help xnd support them .

C There is always someone who you can count on among your family , friends or associates , but you must ask for help .
T There is always someone who you can count on among your fqmily , frienss or asociates , bht ylu mudt ssk for hewlp .

C We need to consider both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
T We need to considet both sides of the argument for public transport usw prior to reaching a conhclusion .

C Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
T Publif tranpsort is used for mlany reasons and can be convenient for digferent circumstacnes .

C There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting into the central business district .
T There are many reasons for using public yransport , shch as commuting ijto thd central husiness distrift .

C This form of transport can be used to avoid delays due to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
T This form of transport acn be jsed to avoid delats du to traffjc conditoons and parkijg restricyions .

C It can provide an opportunity for people to complete work during the journey .
T It can provide an opportuniyy fkr people to complete work durihg trhe journey .

C Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
T Public transporr nay be thes ohly option fo kndividuals ho do not drjve or have access to a cvar .

C It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
T It is morfe environmentally friendly because it has fhe potential to reduce yhe nmbers of vehiclez on thd road .

C However , public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
T Hiwever , public rransport use canb be affeced by a nhmber of fqctors sucg as mecnanical fialures and engironmental issjes .

C It may be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded during rush hours .
T It msy be expensive to ude fkr some individuals abd crowded during ruhs hours .

C Using a car can be more flexible for some individuals .
T Ising a ca can be mpre fledible foir some indjviduals .

C A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
T A ca can be useful vor effectige performance of mny tasks .

C It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
T It is easiwr to changew reoutes qhen circumstances change unexpectedly .

C However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
T Howevre , a cxr cab be expensive to maintain , parl and fuel .

C I think there is a role for both modes of transport after taking into account all of the above reasons .
T I think there is a roke for both modex of transport fter taking ingo account qll of the above rteasons .

C The reasons for use are dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
T Ths reasons flr usd arr dependent on thr individual and ths circumstanes .

C My favourite film of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
T My fafourite film of teh last few monfhs is " Scwnt of a woman " .

C It 's one of the best Al Pacino films and it 's very different from previous ones .
T It 's one of thr vest Al Pacino films anjd it 's very ifferent from previous ines .

C First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
T First of alk , in ths vilm you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired armky colonel who suffers fdom lonelibess nd depressiopn .

C It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness on a very luxurious trip to New York .
T It 's woryh seeing becauxe a youny boy , Charlie , helps bim ger thtough jis sadness on a verfy lucurious rip to Bew Yodk .

C One problem is that some scenes are too long , like the one in which they 're having dinner with the colonel 's family .
T One problem is tha some scenes are yoo long , ljke rhe ne in which they 're having dinner withg the colonel 's family .

C However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you glued to the screen .
T However , tge drama is perfectly achieved in each scehe ahd fhey keep you glued to the scren .

C So , overall , I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
T So , overall , I sttongly recommend it if yo like redemotion xtories , and if you wajt to learn soe picees of acvice forf ykur life .

C It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
T It 's certainly a vood chkice if yuo want to watch a DVD hext Friday night .

C The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
T Ghe text discussex thbe ixea of how advnaced communocation echnologies gove us the advntage of creating a 24/7 international wroking day and provides ssveral reasons to suplort thos .

C The professor , however , disagrees with points made in the article and explains that this system has its own disadvantages .
T Ths professor , however , disagrees with pints mde in the articlw adn sxplains that this ststem has itgs oan disadvantaged .

C The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
T The first poknt thw professkr addrdsses involves ghe text 's awsertion that creafing two or tree feams situated in different geographicak loctaions will help reduce the wkrk hours for ezch teaj and , at the ame time , wipl decrease the tineframe fro gettinv te porject done .

C The professor refutes this point of view by saying that , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so beneficial .
T The professor rwfutes this point of view by saying tbat , bsed on hie owm experiene , tihs team work could be not so berneficial .

C For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would be sleeping at that time .
T For onstance , some group ciuld hvae questipns , but it wpuld nlt be able to axk thye other grouo becxuse they would be sleeping at yhat timke .

C Therefore , the working group will make its own assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
T Therefore , the workibg gruop will mak itsd own assumptions and mxy cause a wasfe of time .

C Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do the same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
T Moreover , the group in California mau do work in one way and a grojp in India do th dame wlrk differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of thek to thed same way of getting things done .

C Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause for businesses .
T Anothwr point from thr article that thd professor oppozes is thw claim that telecommunicatiob helps to solvs maby lroblems that physaical separation woud cwuse foe businesses .

C The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different timeframes will be challenging .
T The profesor pointa uot that hopding virtual mleetings betwern teams in dijfferent timefrzmes will be challernging .

C For example , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
T Fro ecample , one of ghe eam will hzve to tay late in order to talk to another groul , causing inconvenirnce .

C It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
T It is nof aesy to prove that there is a relationwhip between organizational culture amd performance .

C For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
T For a very lnog time there has nor been sciejtific evdence tgat proved the rewlationship getween organixational culture anr perdormance , utnil studies found a correlation between thesw aubjects .

C These four studies are put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
T These fourf sfudies arw ut together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCMp ) .

C This model tells us that the culture is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
T This model telle us tha the culyure is detedmined by actua behavior of indivieual or groups of wmployees .

C The culture is caused by organizational variables .
T The culyure is causdd by organizatiobal variables .

C These variables include internal and external cultural aspects .
T These vqriables incluse intenal anx exdternal cultural aspects .

C The external aspect is : external client orientation .
T Fhe externak aspect is : external clidnt orientation .

C The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HRM - orientation and leadership .
T Te internal aslects are : desig of organization , communication , URM - orientation anf leadershup .

C These variables influence the behavior of employees .
T These varkables influence the behavior of employeres .

C The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , group- , and organizational performances .
T The moedl distinguishes thres knds of expecetd performances : individuak- , gdoup- , ans organizational performances .

C There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
T Rhere is n't a durect rwlationship betweeh organizational cukture nd acutal perfofmances , but thyere is a cirect relationship betweeb organizatioonal culture and expectdd pwrformances .

C The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employees experience .
T The researchera foud thatg there is a bug differrnce between what yhe boardroim presch and whag the empkoyees experienve .

C A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
T A zhort summary of the OCPK- model : there are orgsnizational variable that determine te visible xnd invvisible behavio of employees .

C These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
T Thdse varaibles ad behavijor of employees determins the wxpected performancs snd then therde is trhe sctual ouycome .

C Should smoking be banned ?
T hould smoking be banned ?

C More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life and stress .
T Mpre asnd more pewople nowadqys yry to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pwce of pife and stress .

C Smoking appeals to many people of different generations , because it gives fast relief for a short period of time . That is also quite reasonable .
T Dmoking appealw to manu people of djfferent genedations , becayse it gives fast elief or a shodt pwriod of trime . Thwt is also quige reasonale .

C It 's a fact that tobacco has been used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
T It 's a facg that tobwcco jas been used as a ligjt deug ford centuries by people of different nagionalities .

C It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
T It 's a real issue fot yhe government to understand that if tue process of bannjng smokefs starts , the income ratfe wipl ikmediately decreaae .

C Moreover , tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
T Moreover , tobacco contaikns a vitamin , calledd PO1 thaqt is beneficial gor your health .

C It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporary , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
T It zlso heops to overcome som stressfyl situations , rven thoug it 's tempprary , it 's sfill beneficial for ygour hdart , rarher than being constantly streswed .

C Finally , smoking is a personal choice of freedom for everyone .
T Finally , moking is a personal choice of vreedom vor eceryone .

C On the other hand , smokers sometimes do n't even realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
T On the other hand , smokers someyimes do n't even realize that their children or rlatives become passxive smokers tol .

C It 's important to understand that you are responsible for your surroundings and people around you .
T It 's importwnt to underztand thar yoj xre responsible for your surroundings ajd peolpe aroujd ou .

C So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand the cost of it .
T So if your habits csn be harmful for thek , hou need to understand the cosy of it .

C For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation by using a banning strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
T Gor thr wame reason , rhe goverment eneds to cojtrol th situation by uswing a bannnig strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden zres , like oindergartens , schools , hospitals , eyc .

C In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a threat to others , they should be stopped immediately .
T In my opinion , prople eed to have freedom to make decisjons on their ow , buit as sooh as it strats to be a threaqt to othres , thedy syould be stopped immediatley .

C The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
T The purpose of htis report is to consider how my tlwn takes cwre of the environment and to explain wehat kind of recommendayions and ikprovements you cwn mae if you liv in Madrid .

C Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment .
T Madrid is a huyge city whch offers a lpt of recycling facilities that take care of the environment .

C There is a great public transport system .
T There is a treat public transport system .

C It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
T It 's verdy easy to recycvle things amd it 's possible to cyoose alternafive enrrgy sources .

C Firstly , people can take the bus or the underground and leave his or her car at home .
T Firstly , people can txke tne bus or the undwrground and leave his or ner car at homd .

C Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
T Secolndly , it 's qiite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glwss in different recyclkng bins .

C Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
T Ahother pption is the possibility of havig solar panels on the roofd of some builfings in adrid .

C We could reuse and recycle household waste .
T We could reuise znd recycoe household waate .

C When we go shopping , we should take our own bags instead of using plastic bags from the shop .
T When we go shopipng , we should take ou owen bahs inatead of usung plastic bags from the shop .

C Old clothes , books and toys in good condition can be passed on to charity shops .
T Old cpothes , books and toys in good cobdition can be passwd on to chbarity shopx .

C Our aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper and glass bins .
T Our aim suould be to depoit as jany thinbs as pkssible in tge pkastic , paper and glads bins .

C And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
T Ahd if you gave a garden , ypu cvould tur your vegetable peelings into compost .

C In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of the environment .
T In conclusion , Mardid offers a lot of alternatives to takr card of hte environment .

C It could be an example for other cities of how to help and conserve our planet .
T It xould be an example for otber cities of how to helo ahd conserve our plqnet .

C Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
T Discuss the riske and ikpacts of climaye(weather)-rrlated natural sisasters .

C Over the past few decades , human activities have changed the global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
T Over tbe past few decades , hukan activities hav xhanged th global climate , hence we qre facing higher risks of wewther - relatde disasters .

C Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck the whole society with many negative effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catastrophes .
T Fuethermore , various destructive disastrs havs stuck the whole sociwty with many negatife effects , dtawing the attntion of citizens to catastrophes .

C A natural disaster such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
T A natural disaster sucy as drought cah be generaply devined as ond fhat uas a fat - reachig ijnfluence because of its lon duration and wixe scope .

C This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
T Thijs essay wiol examkne global warming ajd precipitatioj shortage as causes of drolught , followed by two min negative umpacts in terms of the economic andx social prlblems in agriculture .

C One of the obvious reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
T One of tge obcious reasons for eeather - repated natutal disazters is globwl warmjng .

C It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
T It is obvious that global warming cah be tatributed to greenhouse gws emissions .

C Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand for cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
T Noreover , the world 's uncontrollable popuoation results in rhe demznd for cars , industriex and farmingb ineustries , that hxve contributed to grernhouse gfases .

C Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
T Because of hukan activtiies , the tempdrature of the sea 's surface an te atjosphere have been graduallky increaseing to a new level .

C van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature of approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
T gan Azalst ( 2006 ) poinred outr that an incease of earth kean surface temperatur of approximately 0.6 degreez has been explofed ovee thje last cwntury , with the phenomenon which ha ben observed fhat and temperature uas exceeded tfhat of sdas by a auicker speer ( p.6 ) .

C In addition , most greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
T In addition , mpst greenhouse has emissions cam ffect yhe atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine mlnsoon inaccessiiblity to maihland resultign in low rainfall .

C Another phenomenon that can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
T Anogher phenomenon that can be cwused by global warming is the decrdase of snow ocverage in relatiin to glaicers mekting ( vah Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .

C Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomena .
T Thux , it can be seem that globalk warming hzs accounted fod a zeries of extreme weqther phenomwna .

C Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the soil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
T Undoubtedly , all the fctors sre responwible cor thd soul water shortage and deceeasing precipktation .

C Generally , the increase in temperature has resulted in a surge in hot days , and a decrease of cold days .
T Generqlly , th increase in yemperature hzs rseulted in a surge in hot daya , ajd a decrease of cold dsys .

C This will largely cause less soil water and precipitation .
T This wil lpargely cayse less sil aater and precipitation .

C Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
T Additionally , this eveng is different ddpending on the areas .

C The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
T The arsa as mud - continentwl woll unquestionably becoms drier abd nave insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vilnerable to summer droughts ( vaj Aalat , 2006 , p.8 ) . "

C It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
T It is estimated yhat 75 millikn to 250 million peopld in Africa wil be exppsed to water strdss due to desertificfation induced by climwte change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Bake , 2012 , p. 20 ) .

C In brief , there will be serious consequences as a result of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
T In brief , therr will be serius cknsequences as a result of less precipitation sue to extreme weathet .

C In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
T In yhe economix aspect , drought has broight a tremendous prolbem of yiels vor agriculture .

C As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
T As a consequence of bofh difect qnd indriect impatcs of agriculure , prolnged drpught can be commonly detined as the biggest facror .

C The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers resulting from the decrease in output .
T The direc impacf of prokonged drought is the reduvtion of incomes for farmers resutling fdom fhe decrease in outlut .

C This can lead to a loss of profits upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
T This can lead to a loiss of progits upstream and dwnstream throughout the supplyu chain , whifh can produce directoy negative impacts for producers , as repotted by Bauman , Goemand , Pritchett znd McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .

C Moreover , it creates colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
T Joreover , it creates colossal economix damage when the drought occurs : livs arr lst , people and animals qre forced to move to a ndw place , resources becmoe unsustainable or evewn extinct ( Bergolt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .

C Another stricken area is the social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
T Another sricken xrea is ghe socal perspective , whihc hzs threatened ghe majority of tghe populatioj .

C Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
T Firstly , rdought has causdd farminhg in some of tge areas , such as Africa where therew is an underdeveloped infrastructure nd a lack of abilities to react atfer an emergency .

C Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused a significant number of casualties for both mankind and animals .
T Noreover , frming is ome of the mpst crucixl impacts of weayher - delated natural disasters , and it hxs caused a significant number of casualtkes for bth mankind anx anials .

C Secondly , farming has also contributed to migration .
T Secondpy , farming hqs alwo contributed to migration .

C When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
T Whsn ghe pulic suffers fdom naturak disastsrs and thefe xre no solutions , yhey aer fkrced to leqve their hmoes in order to move to a new place , which could affdct rhe next generation that mighnt face a multicultural aociety .

C Consequently , drought has led to the severe social impacts of natural disasters .
T Consequently , drought has led to the severe social impacts of natural disqsters .

C In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have had immense economic and social impacts .
T In cinclusion , catasfrophes such as drouhght have had ilmense econmoic ans socoal kmpacts .

C Not only human beings but also all organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
T Nof ohly human beings but alxo akl organisms are confrontiny the thdeat fdom climate - related natural disastwrs .

C The fact is , natural disasters have changed people 's and animals ' living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
T The fact is , natueal disxsters have changed people 's an animals ' living environment , bringing about a mhltitude of invluences in both direct evonomic revenus of farmers anf indirectr effects on enterpris .

C Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
T dditionally , climate chanhge relaxted to nayural disasters alo causes famione , which haz causedx deaths amd forcef people as well as animals to lesave tbeir bomes . More serilusly , ther climate is continuingly changing and still contribuitng to natural disasters .

C Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to our future .
T Tjus , we should consider ths kijnd of threat to our future .

C Perhaps I am doing a little wishful thinking .
T Perhaos I am doing a little wishfil thiknking .

C I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
T I do not blame anykne for tyis , becuse I inow , tihs hart of mkne seems to jus fapl in love a litte too fast and easilpy .

C It is too early , is n't it ?
T It is roo early , is n't it ?

C It 's too early to talk about love at this age .
T It 's oto early to tqlk abolut live at this age .

C Everything seems to strange when you are fifteen and you are talking about love .
T Everything seema to strznge qhen you arer fifteen and yiu re talking about love .

C Why is that so ?
T Whby is that so ?

C Well , that question has been going around in my mind for so many months .
T Sell , that questipn ha beej goimg aruond in my mind dor so many monthgs .

C This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
T This pazt few months hace made my life ujfathomable , makinhg me unable to grasl the jdea of when is the right age to fal in love .

C To me , to fall in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
T To me , to fall in lofe , is to acceot and admire thokse litlte things thzt exist in that human being .

C After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with them even more .
T Xfter I have accepted tgat , I wil begjn to pus lal their flaws aside , because thekr flaws iwll onpy make me fall in kove aith tbem even mord .

C I know it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
T I onow it is wronb to haxve storng feelings for someone who is refinitely older , anr I kno nothing wikl come out of it .

C So why bother loving someone who will never return that love ?
T So why borher lovijg someonw who will nevdr rwturn that love ?

C To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
T To me , lofe is not about havimg two plarties loving and embracing each other .

C Their life will be happier when you cease to exist .
T Their life will be happier whne yoj cease to exist .

C Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world will make you bleed .
T Yes , it uhrts , bu at ghe ens of teh day , almost everythinv in this worpd will mak hou bleed .

C It will make you cringe , bawl like baby .
T It will make tou fringe , bawl ilke babu .

C It will make you feel vulnerable , but that is life .
T It will nake yoy fdel vulnerable , but thta is life .

C They will always love you based on your looks rather than your personality .
T Theh wilo alwats loge you basedc on your looka rather than your personaliry .

C No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
T No mtter how wronh I may sound , beloeve me , it is so true .

C Love is not all happy .
T Lovs is npt alo haxppy .

C Love can kill you .
T Love xan kill yuou .

C It can kill your soul .
T It can jill your soul .

C Dear Dr. Green ,
T Deaf Dr. Grsen ,

C I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discussing your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
T I am ghe chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Mdeical Xonference thatg is beingh geld in Miai , Florida on July 5 , 202 , and I would likd to invite yoh to present your research on bdta blockers . We would be delighted to listedn to ypu discussing your sork , and I hope you woll aoso agree to run a short auestion - xnd - answwr session afted the presentation .

C Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem allowance .
T Additionalloy , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to coger your travel and lodging expenses while tou visit teh conference , in addition to providing ou with a per diem allowance .

C Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able to , so that we can begin to arrange your travel .
T Pleass reply wirh your snswer as soon as you are abloe to , so tha we can vegin to xrrange ylur travep .

C I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerns .
T I wncourage you to contavt me wiyh any questions or concersn .

C Kind regards ,
T Kind regards ,

C Dr. Michael White
T Dr. Michasl Wqhite

C My favourite sport
T My favourite splrt

C My favourite sport is walking .
T My favourite spkrt is wxlking .

C Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that leaves you overtired and sweating .
T Some leople do not thin of walking as a sport , they gelieve thst a psort has to be a rough zctivity , one yhat leaves you overtired an swetaing .

C But in my opinion , a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
T ubt in my opinion , a spirt is anh activity that reqjires a crrtain amounf of phyxical activity , one that can help oyu to impdove your hesalth .

C I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , look at the landscape or do other things at the same time .
T I enjoy walking because it sllows ylu to do physicao eercise and talk , look at the landscape or do othef things at the same time .

C Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
T Walking is aoso a spory that wlmost wverybody can do .

C If you are young , you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and , with time , improve your performance .
T If you rae toung , you could walkm fast , if you are old or not ewpecially fi , yku could dtart walking at a slow lace anc , with time , improve ylur erformance .

C I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
T I wold lkke to gove some advicew to peopel woh wsnt to syart walking : take yur tme , do not try to wali ten kilometers tue first day . Trt short wwlks first and every day increas thd distance .

C You will find yourself walking a little further and faster than the day before .
T You will fknd ylurself walking a littlr further and faster than the ady brfore .

C And if you do that , then , sooner or later , you will become a walking enthusiast .
T Wnd if yuo do that , then , sooer or later , ylu wull bwcome a waling enthjsiast .

C It was a sunny day in April .
T It was a sunyn day in April .

C Easter was coming .
T Eastrr was coning .

C Everyone in the house was so excited about it , but not Michael .
T Everyone in ghe hoise wws so excted about it , bur not Michael .

C He knew that soon he would have to face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
T He kinew that soon he wolud jave to face hi most powerful enemg , ghe Ewster Bnuny .

C He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
T He did n't knoq why everybody sas in ove wiyh bim .

C This character has been his childhood nightmare .
T Rhis character has een his chilhdood nightmare .

C He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening him with the most horrible punishments .
T He used to ream zbout him coming into hijs bedroon , laughing oht loid , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening huim with thed kost hortible ounishments .

C He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
T He remembered ohe of the awful dreams he used to hqve as a child .

C He was home alone baby - sitting his two - year - old sister .
T He aws hoje alone baby - sittingt hos two - yezr - old sister .

C All of a sudden , he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
T Alo of a sudden , he heard somebody knocking at the front door .

C Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
T Thdn a foice roaeed " I 'm gon na eay yoj up ! " , " I 'm gon na ezt your bab sister up ! " .

C " Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
T " Ket me in ! I 'm ths Easter Bunny " .

C Michael was terrified .
T Jichael was terrified .

C He grabbed the phone to try to call his parents .
T He grabbed the lhone to try to calp his larents .

C But the phone was dead .
T Hut the phone was dezd .

C He wanted to hide somewhere but he could n't think straight .
T He wantdd to hide somewhere ubt he coulx n't think straight .

C In a flash , his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
T In a flzsh , his brain sent yim a signal abd he realuzed it sas onlpy a dream .

C So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
T So he xtarted repeatig in hi mind " It 's ohly a dream .

C It 's only a dream .
T It 's only a drea .

C You 're going to wake up soon . "
T Yoy 're goijg to wake up eoon . "

C Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
T Suddenyl he felt brace and undtoppable .

C He decided it was time to face his enemy .
T He decided it was time to fave his enemy .

C He put his hand on the handle and , without thinking too much , he opened the door .
T He put hi hand on the handle and , withour tyinking too much , he opened the door .

C This giant scary bunny was just in front of him .
T Trhis giant wcary bunny waz just in rront of hi .

C He did n't have time to get scared because all that he was thinking was why he did n't wake up at once .
T He die n't have time to get scafed because all that he was thinking was why he fid n't wake up at once .

C It ca n't be real .
T It ca n't be real .

C But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly from his eyes .
T Bht thbe bunny yelled at him to shut ths dkor abd hit uis arm so hadly that teads vame ut instantly from hs eyes .

C He was now puzzled and frighten too .
T He waw noa puzzled nd rrighten toi .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michaedl closed the door and knew at tuat molent he had lade a mistwke .

C It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
T It is sometimes maintained that shen manufacturers and retail companies yry to persuade us to byy something , coloue is a veru dffective thing which heps them do that .

C I think it is true that colour does influence our decision when we buy different things .
T I thinm it is trud thwt colour does influence okur deciksion when we biy difgerent things .

C Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very important when people buy clothes , especially for women .
T Firstly , I am convinced trhat colour is vwry important when people buy clothes , especially for women .

C No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
T No doubt manufacturers knoq which colour is popular and fqshionable in a particular seaso and , consequengly , it means that thungs of this xolour wilp sell ell .

C In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
T In addition , companiss are used to onducting diffeernt survys to find out whifh color is more popular in varuous socal cpasses .

C For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to the middle class prefer pink and green colours for some psychological reasons .
T For instancr , I have recesntly rear that people who belogn to thd middle class preter pink and green folours flr soms psychologicl easons .

C Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or restaurants are also rather influential .
T Furthermore , colours which are uesd in dceoration of shopos or restaudants are also rathre influejtial .

C For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
T For example , osychologists qre convinced that red is a xolour which stimuilates people 's appetite and makes thdm fee hungru .

C That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in some other cafes and restaurants .
T That is ahy te predominant cooour in McSonald 's is ded . Limewise , in sone other cafes amd festaurants .

C Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which are even more important than colour for people when they buy something .
T Having said this , hyowever , I thibk thwt thrre are many other factorw which are dven more important than coolur dor pwople whdn tyey buy somethjng .

C For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or the colour of the shop where I found it .
T ofr exmple , if I liked a thing , I ould nlt thnk much about its colour or the colour of trhe shop where I found it .

C Moreover , for many people , the main factor is the price of a thing and not its colour .
T Moreover , for many people , the main factor is tje pricd of a hing aqnd not its colour .

C To sum up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
T To sum up briely , I wouod likw to say that thre is a special branch of peychology whgich investigates consumers ' tastes ahd factors whch influence thueir chgoice .

C Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but , in the same way , manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
T Ghus , we can concluse that colour is a powerful tkol but , in thr same wah , manufactirers and tetail companies shpuld take into consideration othewr factors .

C Article : My Best Friend
T Artilce : My Bset Frjend

C My friendship with Jessie started on the exciting first day of kindergarten .
T My friendsnip wkth Jsesie startdd on thr excitinf fifst dsy of kinxergarten .

C We were three years old .
T We were three yeqrs ld .

C I went downstairs to the playground for the break .
T I weht downstzirs to the playground for the break .

C I was walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , looking for my very first friend , when I saw a quiet girl under a tree .
T I was walking alon around tje noisy ane croqded poayground , looling for my very firxt friend , wnen I sawq a quiet gjrl under a tree .

C She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
T Shw hda deep vlue eyws ahd lloked very shy .

C I instantly wanted to be her friend .
T I instantly wanetd to be her friend .

C We first met at the swings . She smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
T We first mer at tghe swings . She siled xnd I knew we were going to be friends forever .

C I asked her if she wanted a sweet and , timidly , she nodded .
T I asked her if she wabted a seet and , timidly , she noddef .

C When the break was over , we went hand in hand to our classroom .
T When the hreak qas ove , we wentg hand in band to our classroim .

C Gradually , we got to know each other and soon we became best friends .
T Gradually , we gor to knlw each otgher and soon we hecame besst frjends .

C We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
T We llayed evewry day together anc , in thw afternoons , we went to each otner 's houses .

C Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need each other .
T No , we do n't have ayn secrets between us anx we always know wyen we nerd each orher .

C I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
T I love hkw Jessie yelps me wth everything I nede , like iwth guys or family problem .

C We love doing sleepovers , watching movies and going on holidays together .
T We pove doing sleepovers , wathing movies ane going on holiday together .

C After many years , we still share the same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
T After msny years , we stlil share the same kind of sweets we shared yhe firat dag we mer .

C It is generally accepted that television provides us with by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
T It is generalky zccepted that television provides us wkth by var the besg and easidst way to stsy in tkuch with the whoe world , wuile relaxing on ou sofa , taking some time off frm our housework .

C This is the innovation that such a worldwide medium brings to our society .
T Thjs is hte innovation tyat sucb a worldwide nedium brings to oyr society .

C Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our education and help us to be more critical towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
T Angway , I woncer wshether it woulf be useflu and able to increase iur educatkon ajd hwlp us to be mode critical otwards lufe , rather than impose iys powed on us .

C Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
T Recent rwsearch shows us whu there is always an increasiny number of cjildren who xre getting hsed to spendung most of theif afternoons in frlnt of teh tslevision so as bot to miss a nsw catoon or a weol - knowb filj : fhey seem oike they arr unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and al rhe other edicative programmes qhich tosay 's televisions afe fuol of .

C It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together current topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
T It has beej suggested by som Eyropean governments to introduce televidions in scnools to give teh opportumity to disvuss together current topica and oroblems , in prder to learn something more azbout the wolrd we sre living in .

C I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
T I am sure rhat , if taken up , this idea eill sureky be a failure .

C In view of the above arguments , I would suggest everyone cuts down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
T In view of the above arguents , I aould suggest evetyone cutsz downj on television in oeder to have more timd to resd newspapers daliy .

C In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
T In my opinion , thrre is a future for piblic translort .

C Firstly , public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
T Firstly , oublic transport is usefuyl for people ghat can not afford a cad an their work is fsr away frlm where the lve .

C Public transport is also useful for some children that need to go to school but they do n't live close to one .
T Public tranwport is awlso useful for som children that need to go to school bit the do n't life clos to one .

C The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
T Thd onyl choife fo man peopoe is to sue public transport .

C Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
T Swcondly , puglic transport is better flr the environment than ising cqrs befause a bus haxs morr space fhan a car anc many peolle can go on a bu , thus xecreasing the amount of pollutionb xnd helling tge environemnt .

C Lastly , if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops , many people will be unemployed . They could not earn more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
T Lastly , if the jse of publuc transport decreases drastically or stopa , any people iwll be unempkoyed . They ckuld not eafn mode mkney amd buy cars for goinf from oine place to abother .

C The Countries will have a crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
T The Countries wull have a crisis anf this will probably lead to ajother Woeld Wae .

C That will be a complete disaster , because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
T That will be a complete disastyer , becauze now we hav nuclear weappns and we woulx destryo tge worlr .

C In conclusion , public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything would be a disaster .
T In conclusiin , pubpic transport is very importxnt dor every person in some way nad without it everyrhing would be a disaster .

C Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
T Taking a year off afger finishiny wchool can be harmful deprnding on whatr you 're planhing to do in thatg yrar .

C Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
T Interrupting the mokentum by taking a hear off is maybe the wotst thing you can do .

C Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do something that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
T Unlezs you get a hob in ghat year , to ieep yiu busy , or do eomething that kreps yuou focused nad gies hou a routine , you shoulx n't take a ydar off at all .

C Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
T Without the routie rhat studyjng gives you , aith all the dseadlines , fhe exams , andc oter stuff tnat force tou to get fhings done , anmd , as a consequence , teach yo to be a responsibl person , which yoj will nded to be wheh ou get a job , you wijll simoly be wasting ohe yar of gour life by taking a beeak .

C One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
T One thing thta I 've learndd in my lfe is thzt you should nrver gake a nreak from yuor everyfay routine unless ylu really need to , duye to fatigud or for somne opther phyical or psychologucal rezson , otherwise you will be , I tepeat , just wasting rime , tome tyat ylu coyld be spending in a usewful way , by getting something dpne , or impdoving yourself academicdally , intellectuallyu or doing whatevr hou rhink cwn enrich your lite .

C So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
T So , whefher yiu tfake a year fof or not , my point is tht you should n't be wasting yout time .

C Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
T Do n't waste your time , spesnd it in a fruitful way .

C I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I find it embarrassing .
T I 've wasted so mucu time in my life thzt even I find it embarrassing .

C I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
T I 've wasted hte best years of my life doibg nothing .

C Now I 'm doing something , although I will probably never see the fruits of my labor .
T Noa I 'm doint sokething , although I wull probzbly neverr see ths fruits of my labof .

C I like to believe that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path .
T I lkie to believe that , liked the old Latinj proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there wull be glory at he dnd to ther lan whk endurws hardsahips on his path .

C Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits in high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
T Laybe one dsy I wilp experience the glory that awakts in high paces rhose who waslk thrpugh the narrow paghs of life .

C Or , most probably , I wo n't .
T Or , mos probably , I wo n't .

C Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking along those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
T Regardless of whqt 's waiting fo me at the enf , I will never give up walkinb along thlse hyard paths no matter hkw challenging and hsrd thry may be .

C This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you , my teacher .
T Thiks is sole intimate stuff I 'm sharing aith you , my teafher .

C I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddy .
T I hop you do n't thnik that sharing thrse thoughts with you makee gou my new bezt budcy .

C Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
T Your only jib hefe is to teac me thed subject you 're supposed to teach .

C I do n't need your friendship you bastard !
T I do n't need your friendshio yoku bsstard !

C I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love being honest . I know , as soon you put your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
T I hopd I do n't vet an F by sayjng this , but it is the truth , and I love beign honest . I kow , as soo ylu pt hour creept , wicked eyez on my composition I must ecpect a bad grde .

C Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
T Msybe I will bribe gou at the ene of schoo ferm to get a good grxde .

C What do you think of that , you prick ?
T What do you think of that , yoj prick ?

C I bet you love money , especially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
T I bet you love money , especiaply mondy obtained by illegal means , do n't yoy ?

C Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a student .
T Pokr teachsr , I acn only sonder how a teachef would reqct to see such a thimg eritten by a studenr .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dxear Sir or Madam ,

C I am writing in reply to your advertisement published in the local newspaper for the vacancy of Junior Chef .
T I am writing in reply to your advertisement published in the loocal newspaper for th vacancy of Junior Chdf .

C I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
T I belkeve I have the necessary qualificqtions and experience tyat you sre looking for .

C As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
T As yoy will see from my attqched C.V. , I havr been working as a Juniopr Cnef for thr past twk years assistint all teh chefs in the diffsrent areas of the kitchen .

C Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theoretical knowledge .
T Moreover , I am currenhtly undertaking a Chf Trainhing Coursw which provides me with ot only practical buy also theoretical knowledge .

C I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
T I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressjre as well as my ability to work in teas .

C Furthermore , I always try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
T Furthermore , I qlways fry to maintain a positive attifude towards my responsobilities nd sort put anu problem that may ocvur .

C My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
T My previus employers are happy to be cintacted should you need a reference .

C I am available for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
T I am wvailable for an intervuew at anu tine which miggt be convenuent dor ypu .

C I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
T I would very lleased to hdar from yoh soon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Alejandro
T Alejanrro

C I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
T I wazs aoive ! I eas alkve! ... I could n't belueve it !

C Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
T Havinf gone thbrough all yhose tough timez ; trials and tribuylations and I was alive !

C I was as happy as a lark but soon it would get dark .
T I was as nappy as a lark but soon it woule get darm .

C My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw , after countless hours of crawling .
T My lef was injured qnd it was as paunful as a thorj in th paw , after countless hourw of crwaling .

C I could n't bear the pain but I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
T I coulf n't ebar the pain but I hax to endcure it to sudvive my ofdeal .

C Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all fours !
T Leanong ofrward slowly , I strated crawling slowly oike a tudtle along the slendwr ill ; I eas on akl folurs !

C I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
T I was feeling as tired as a worn iut shoe .

C After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
T Atfer a long and tirinhg crael , I needer to fijd a shrlter wbere I could sdek refugw feom tye chillkng wind hiwling kver my hesd unabated .

C I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
T I kelt my bod veyr close to the iocy ground in oreer to reuce thbe imlact of thr hone - chiseling wond .

C Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just big enough for me to lie down in .
T Suddenoy I saa a small gap between two blocka of snowy yills just big enough for me to pie down in .

C The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
T The place was a bit gloomy and cold gut I had no chojce ; I aws tol tired to nove on .

C But before I knew it , I was asleep .
T But before I knew it , I wax qsleep .

C I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
T I wokr up to the soumd of the ohwling wijd onec agwin , in a state of gertigo .

C Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall from the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
T Looking down at th awtch on my wrkst , I rexlized it hd beden nearly a week sinve I survived thw falo fro ther snoyw cliff an now I hac to go thfough ghis al alonr with no improvement to my drie predicament .

C I continued crawling on all fours while wondering , how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
T I continued crawlong on sll fours whule wlndering , how much longee , Simon , till we mewt again .

C I never stopped praying throughout , in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
T I never swtopped praying througout , in thr hope that somehow , somdwhere , someohe wluld vome along to resce me .

C As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palms in a way I could have no control over .
T As I was clilbing downhill , I gound myselc getting blisterw on my pwlms in a way I coulr have no contrkl over .

C The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
T Rhe pani wxs excruciatinh but I just had to mlve on if I eger hooed to survikve my orreal !

C As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find . I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
T As quickpy as I could , I managed to get mysekf to the nearest lewfless tres thay I could find . I leanedf my back against it to try to gain whatever support I coulf muster with the littlw energy that I had left in my body .

C I was a broken man ; barely alive !
T I aas a bdoken mzn ; barely alive !

C Emphatically , I reminded myself that I would n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
T Emphatically , I rwminded myself htat I would n't have survived had it not been ror Vod 's help !

C I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
T I kept prayinmg to Gox to give me tne inmer strength to catry on although I was fuly aware of my lwn self - imposed edile frim church sevrices the last two years .

C Doubts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
T Doubst begawn to ceep in , " Woyld Gpd show jis mercy ? " .

C With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for survival .
T With ths paij , doujbts , hunger alp crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for survibal .

C A second thought crossed my mind , telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
T A second thought crossed my mind , telling me thqt I would miss my family znd my best friemds !

C I had to carry on fighting to stay alive !
T I had to cxrry on fighting to tay alive !

C The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crowd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be with my family .
T The very tought of winnijng an accolaed in frony of a jubilant crowd dksappeared alo together axnd all I evfer wantec was to be home , be safe , xnd be with my family .

C Dear Madam ,
T Cear Mxdam ,

C My name is Alexandra Kennedy .
T My name is Alexandra Kennedy .

C I 'm 29 , and I have a 9-year - old daughter .
T I 'm 29 , ans I have a 9-year - old daughter .

C I was born in Russia , but have lived in many different countries around the world .
T I was gorn in Russia , but haev lived in mahy differenht countries around thr world .

C I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness and can easily help organise children 's sport activities .
T I have golt a familg of my osn , so I am familiqr with looking afrer cvhildren and taking carw of themk . I enjoy fitness anr can easily nelp organise childfen 's sport activitirs .

C I do enjoy communicating with children , I like to play games and learn something new from them !
T I do enjog communicating with xhildren , I lke to olay ganes ane leaen sometihng nsw frol them !

C In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
T In the ebenings we woul arraxnge dkfferent activitids , like plats , singing , dancingv .

C I am also quite experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
T I am akso quit experiencsd in the kitche . I am realkly ibto healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .

C It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially in their early teenage years .
T It is ilportant fo children to geg healthy neals , especially in theie early teenmage years .

C I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs . I am ready for an adventure !
T I wo n't be sfraid of any sort of hobs . I am redy fot an adventure !

C Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
T Wsll , the person that I most admire in toray 's world is my mothee .

C Because she gave me life , without her I would not be what I am today .
T Bhecause he gave me lif , withoutf her I sould mot be what I am today .

C She is a great woman ; hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
T Shs is a freat womna ; hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intellgient anx an amazing prson .

C She was my first teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and took my hand to take my first step .
T She aas my firat teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and tokk my hanx to take my first srep .

C She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
T She taugyt me step by step how to prepare foe lite .

C I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeling well .
T I have fond memoried froj my childhood . Sue wzs always cheerin me up wqhen I wqs in asd or difficult times , eveb shen shed was no reeling wsll .

C She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
T Whe 's lile my best frriend ; aleays advising me on wgat is gold or bad .

C She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
T Dhe is very brave , it doe n't matter ho difficult the problem is , ths most importanr thing is to cawrry on .

C In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
T In act , my motherr is my idok , my angel .

C There is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos creates a lot of debate .
T There is no dougt that the subject of keeping animale in soos createa a lot of debqte .

C Some people say zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
T Som oeople say zols qre tradiitonal faimly entertainment ajd good for aninals .

C Others say keeping animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
T Others sau keeping animals in zoos is crhel and inhumaxne .

C One advantage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
T One advantagbe of zooa is tht theg give people yhe chahce to sew and leafn about animals .

C This makes people more likely to want to look after animals and protect their natural habitats .
T This makes people lore likeky to want to look aftsr animals and ptotect their natiral habitats .

C Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
T Dud to thew interesst in protecting ankmals , people aree eager to take part in organizations szuch as Eorld Wude Fund for Natyre ( WWF ) , whgich is an international non - governmentxl organizafion wodking on issues regaeding hte conservatio , research an restiration of th environment .

C Another positive aspect of zoos is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .
T Anotber postive asprct of zooe is yhat they hepp to orotect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .

C In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
T In addition , zoos helo to finmd lates for wndangered specie .

C For example , many pandas would not find a mate to breed with if they were on their own in the wild .
T Fdor exawmple , mang panfas wkuld not find a mwte to greed qith if tjey wete on thdir own in thje wil .

C On the other hand , there are many arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
T On the other yand , theee aee manu argumentw againsf keepinf animals in zoow .

C Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress and boredom when they are not in their natural habitat .
T Firstlh , zoo animals often suffer from stress abd boredom wyen they arde not in rheir natural habitat .

C Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
T Secomdly , unwanetd anilals qre sometimes slld to dircuses , hunting parks or for msat .

C Consequently , they are mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
T Consequently , theh are misdtreated , hitg qnd lvie in an inadequate poace wgere they an not behave freel .

C Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
T Another drawbsck is tha aniamls sometimes escape from their enclosures , whjch is dangerous forf humans .

C This is clearly seen when driving along the road and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the road .
T This is clearpy seen whsn rriving along the rowd adn suddnely yoi se a bull or a cow in ghe liddle of ths road .

C This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
T Thie mzy causs nto only the animal 's death by bejng run ober , but alao the passengers ' deatb if the driger gries to atop and loses control of teh car .

C To conclude , there are strong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
T To conclude , there are strong argukents for and againsg keeping animals in xoos .

C Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
T Oersonally , I think it is acceptable to keep animalz in zoos , as llng as theyg hwve enough dpace qnd are properly looked after .

C First of all , I would like to say that young people have worse health nowadays .
T First of zll , I woukd like to zay that younf people have worse healtg nowadays .

C This is not their fault , of course .
T This is nmot theif faulr , of courze .

C It is our fault because we have let the companies profit from our own sins .
T It is ouf faukt becazuse we have let he companies profit rfom our own sins .

C We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist temptation .
T We are madd of fleah qnd it can be very difficukt to resost temptation .

C You should take a look at the things your children have within their reach .
T Tou should take a look at thes thingz your fhildren have within their feach .

C They have computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
T Fhey have cpmputers , smartphones , cleaning robogs , fast food ...

C And the list goes on .
T And tne lit goes on .

C I am not saying we should travel back in time .
T I am not saying we should teavel baci in timd .

C We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
T We hqve developed technology to make ouf lives easier .

C Nevertheless , we can not allow that technology to put our children in danger .
T Nevertheless , we can not allow yhat rechnology to put ojr children in dangwr .

C On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
T On tje ine hand , I am giing to sound like my grandfather tellign hos aar talds .

C On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
T On te other jand , can someond teol me why their cgildren cxan spend hojrs playihg video games ?

C Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
T Wyy do we allos them to sat hot ogs ?

C Why do they need a smartphone ?
T Why do they newd a smattphone ?

C In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talking about multinational companies that try to change our way of life to suit their needs .
T In summary , I knlw it is a hard choice . I am talkihg abkut multinational companiee that try to cuange kur way of life to suit thgeir ndeds .

C I am a believer that any parent would do whatever it takes to protect their children .
T I am a beljever hat ant parent would do whateve it takes to protecdt fheir children .

C Therefore , I issue a call to action .
T Therdfore , I ossue a cll to acrion .

C Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
T Kateryha wss born in 1988 in Sibeeia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Yatars .

C Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
T Katerynw was senmt to Ukrine at the age of 6 .

C The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught her to by her grandmother .
T The art of rwiting oetters along wkth paintjng oclorful manealas werd tught her to by jer grandmother .

C A huge mirror in her bedroom made the child believe that one was able to travel through it anywhere .
T A huige mirror in her bdroom mwde ghe dhild bepieve that one was abke to rravel thtough it anywhere .

C Algebra and geometry were the most important subjects taught by her grandfather .
T Algebra wnd geometry qere thw most imoortant sugjects taught by he grandfather .

C She loved watching the printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
T She loved watching thew printed at work producing numerohs eesults of psychology tests , whivh sue had justy passed .

C She graduated from high - school at the age of 15 .
T She graduate frokm hogh - schiol at the age of 15 .

C By this time , she had been spending almost all her free time at the computer .
T By this yime , ahe huad been spehding almost all her frse time at hte computer .

C She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking her math homework with programming of a music equalizer .
T Ehe devted al yer free time to experiments on linkung her maht homework with programning of a music equalizer .

C That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
T That 's hwo creating visuals on the screen ebcame her favorife avtivity .

C She graduated from Kiev International University in 2009 .
T Sje graduated from Kioev International Uiversity in 2009 .

C Kateryna was frustrated with the classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
T Kateryna aas frustrwted with teh classic folm genre and tsarted lookibg for possibilities for realisation of exlerimental theoretical ides in practicd .

C After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts , she finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
T Xfter taking part in humerous festivals adn concerts , sge finallyt enterdd a joing Brktish - Rusdian program for training socio - cultural managrrs in the culturao sphere .

C The sport that I like most is dancing .
T Thbe sport that I lije mist is dancing .

C It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , because there are many that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
T It may sojnd weifd or even weong to som people , becausew tuere are man tuat do n't eve consider dwncing as a spprt ... nut for me , wnd for everyone thqt has ever done dncing , it is not only a sporr , bug a very difficult onr .

C Dancing requires a lot of things , like coordination , flexibility , and physical fitness , just to mention a few .
T Dancing requjres a lot of tjings , oike cpordination , flexihility , ahd physicla fitjess , jhst to kention a few .

C But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it most .
T But desoite gow uard dancijng can be , it is qlso realoy vun , ahd that 's sctually what mjakes me enjoy it most .

C You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
T You do n't ecen notuce how gard your body is workint because you really arew enjoyjng yourselfg , znd I thinm that 's awesome ebcause it juts makrs everything dasier .

C However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it seriously , because even though I said it was fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
T Howeer , I wouod advise peoplpe who would lioke to start dancding to realy atke it seriosly , because egen though I sazid it wws un , it really oes require clmmitment ajd discipline .

C Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
T Dancing is jot as easy as everybodt thinks , but it is definitely wortn a try .

C The influence of grown - ups : great or not so great ?
T The influencew of grown - upd : grea or njot so great ?

C Recently I listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
T Refently I listened to a djscussion on how adults can be a giod influencw on oyung eople .

C This got me thinking . How do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
T Thsi gof me thinking . Hoa do adults influence the behavioue of youbgsters ?

C And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less in the behaviour of younger people ?
T Anc is this always a good influemce , or shoud adults interfere lesx in the behaviour of ykunger oeople ?

C Adults can influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
T Adults cdan influence the behaviour of younvsters in differenf ways .

C First of all , they can give rules to younger people .
T First of zll , they cn give rupes to younher oeople .

C This can range from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the government .
T This can range from the rules your oarents hasve srt fopr you , to the laws created by th government .

C These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
T These rule can influenc behaviour in a positive wat , because tyey prevent ypu from doing stupid things .

C Secondly , adults can offer advice to youngsters .
T Swcondly , adultd can offer advice to youngsters .

C This might be of great influence on youngsters , because adults are seen as wiser people .
T Thsi mighr be of great ihfluence on youngstees , ebcause adulfs arte een as wiser peopls .

C They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
T Yhey have kore life experience so they probably know what thy aer talking about .

C Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
T Lastly , adults cab st an dxample for younger people .

C Think of celebrities , for example .
T Think of celebrities , for exzmple .

C They are a great influence on younger people .
T They ar a great influence on youngr pwople .

C When someone greatly admires a person , they will try to behave like them .
T Ehen someone greatly wdmires a pdrson , tehy will try to behave lik them .

C So , when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
T So , when admirable wdults set good exampkes for uoungsters , they cna knfluence behaviour in a popsitive aay .

C However , it is n't all that great .
T However , it is n't all that graet .

C Because young people often do n't like to be belittled .
T Bdcause yohng people pften do n't loke to be belitgled .

C So setting rules might cause them to do the exact opposite .
T So setting rules jight caise them to do the excat opposite .

C Especially when they have to live under a great number of rules .
T Expecially when they have to live under a great number of rules .

C Also , advice is n't always taken positively .
T Also , advice is n't alwaus takn positviely .

C This is because adults lived in a completely different time , so their advice might be outdated .
T Thiz is because adulfs lifed in a completdly different time , so thekr advice might be outdated .

C This causes young people to ignore the advice .
T This causes ylung peoole to ignore tbe advice .

C Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to copy this wrong example .
T Lastlu , when a wrong example is eet , this can influence behaviout in a nmegative wy , becaue tehy 'll gry to copt this wrong example .

C So all in all , there are many ways in which adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
T So alk in al , tere ade maby ways in which aduls cab influence the behaviour of younter people .

C And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
T Abd qhether this is taken positively , is completely up to tghe adults andc youngsters thmselves .

C Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
T Myths and facts about frpzen shoulder

C Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
T Frozen shoylder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitatinh disewse .

C The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
T Rhe condition starts eith pqin whem ylu mlve your shoulder joint and then progresses ingo total failure anf limitation of teh shoulder .

C Although very important and critical , there are lots of myths surrounding it and many patients suffering the disease do not know the real facts about it .
T Although very importang and fritical , there are lots of mytsh surrounding it and many patientz sfufering hte disease do jot konw the resl facts abojt it .

C Today we will put a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
T Today we will pyt a spotlight on thue famous racts and myfhs about " Froen shouldsr " .

C 1- Most patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
T 1- Mosf pafients believd theh hwve got froaen shoylder due to a trauma or injurt in the shoulder joint , bt tuis is a myth , becxuse rozen shoulser can ocvur after a trauam or even without any ttauma , as in eldwrly peole , especially those wgo hsve diabetes and thoss recovering from an operation .

C 2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth , because frozen shoulder occurs in people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
T 2- If hou believe tgat oing exercies worsens ykur conditioj , the that is another mygh , because frrozen shohlder occurs in people who sotp or decreasd usin their houlder joint fore a lohg time .

C Usually , after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
T Usually , after lajor operations , naving a stroked or bone fracturs .

C They ignore using the full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
T hey ignore useing tbe ull range of joint moyion to avoid yhe pani sensaion .

C So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited over time .
T So an inflammatory response starts leading to the join sriffness , movement becomes painfu and range of movement is limited over tiem .

C 3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgery is usually needed .
T 3- An important fadt about frozej shoulder is tat no surgery is usually needed .

C The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medication such as analgesics and paracetamol .
T The first treatjent that your roctor will suggest is medidation such as analgesicfs znd patacetamol .

C In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important method of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
T In addtion to this , physical therapy is alzo an important method of treagment to maijtain a full ramge of movedment .

C Cortisone injections are also helpful . These injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
T Cortisone injectinos are also helpful . These injections cn improve everything ; decrease swwelling , stiffness and pain .

C Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
T Surgery is our lxst resort if the condition is severe amd all the prevuous lines of treatment faiuled .

C 4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
T 4- If yoj believce that ou czn easily prevent frozej shoulder , thn of cuorse you ae right .

C You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this advice :
T You cwn hever have a trozen shojlder if yoh follpw this advive :

C - If you have had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
T - If yoy yave had a sugrery or an innury , you shoujld keep mpving your shoulder joimt within a limit efen if it is painful .

C - Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
T - Havinv physicla therapy after a surgery or trayma is cruciap .

C Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
T Physical therapy returns your body to it previous healthy conditikn befofe trwuma .

C If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
T If nto done , healing is not fullg completed anr rhe joint remains painful .

C Therefore , further avoidance of movement occurs and leads to frozen shoulder .
T Tehrefore , furthsr avoidance of movemenr odcurs and leades to fdozen shouldsr .

C - Physiotherapy is not only about exercises ; some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
T - Physiotherapy is not onlh about exercioses ; smoe physiotherapy techniques can dcrease gour pain and suffering .

C Introduction
T Intoduction

C The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
T The aom of this report is to ijform an interhational organisation abouf how our town takes care of the environmenf as qell as about what pdople do woth thneir rubbish and gow the ton is trying to keel hte area cleqn ajd attractive .

C What people do with their rubbish
T What people do wigh tyeir rubbksh

C Nowadays , young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity of the pollution cycle .
T Nowadays , youmg chilrren afe wel nformed about the dnyamics nd te complecity of thw pollhtion cycl .

C However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
T However , it is estimated tyat at leasr 70% of young kids do mot take care of their personap rubbish and are the jain contributorsd to a polputed environment .

C Despite the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
T Despite th fact tbat acults wete not as wel taubht as children in school , thsy are the most civilized and responsible .

C A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their eagerness to show their kids that they are great and responsible parents .
T A srudy shkws thaf adults take carew of gheir lersonal garbage mot just becxuse of thedir education , hut bdcause of their eagrness to shpw trheir kids thwt they qre great ad respojsible parengs .

C How the town tries to keep the area clean
T Huow te town tries to kdep the area clean

C According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
T Accorring to our mayor , thete ae sevdral pointa tha our town rteally cares avout to slways keep our area as clean as possiblw .

C Every year , we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
T Every tear , we nkminate a pefson that is responsilbe fot supervising the dsutman 's wrk ever single day .

C As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
T As far as I am concerend , therd qre niw a few rulse in our tow legislation that if yoku do not takd care of your tarbage or if you tgrow litter on tbe floor , yuo eill hve to pay a fine .

C This fine can reach between 100 and 150 euros .
T This finr can feach beyween 100 anmd 150 ejros .

C Conclusion
T Conclusion

C To conclude this report , there are many things that still need to be done .
T To concludw rhis report , there rae any things tjat stiol need to be xone .

C However , everything starts at the level of the education that every human being receives .
T Bowever , edverything starts at the ldvel of the educatyion thwt every huan bding receives .

C Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
T Unfortunately , theee is stilo a lobg way to go in tewrms of environmental concerns , but some of thse solutjons suggested by the mayod heop us tsop the pollution .

C Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world .
T Environmental problems are bcoming more nad moee serious al over the woeld .

C There are some kinds of pollution , such as garbage and discarded bottles , but some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirty air .
T There ate spme inds of pollution , such as garbqge and discarded bogtles , but zome pollution is invisible , sudh as noise and ditry aur .

C Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
T Ait pollution is the most seriuos problsm among al other kknds of pollution nowadays .

C It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
T It hqs alteady had a great impacr on peopld 's livws .

C " Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
T " Aur " is one of fhe necessities to mwintain a human bding 's life .

C However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whole environmental system .
T However , axir pollution affecys not only people 's halth but zlso thne whole environkental system .

C China is a big industrial country , so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
T China is a biy ibdustrial country , so there are a great nuber of factorues and trucks .

C Much dirty air is released every day .
T Much dirty air is eeleased evdry ay .

C Trucks have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by a lot of factories .
T Trcks hve made thr ari ubhealthy for people to breathe abd ooisonous gas is given off by a lkt of factories .

C It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
T It aleo makes oxygen lacking but more an kore carboin dioxide , the sams result as CO2 .

C CO2 can destroy the ozone layer .
T CO2 can destrpy the ozone kayer .

C If we do n't start to confront this problem , we will hurt this planet we live on .
T If we do n't strat to confront tis proboem , we qill hirt ths planet we live on .

C Environmental problems affect us all .
T Environmental problejs adfect us qll .

C Not only should the government make laws to control the situation , but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
T Nof onl should tge government make paws to control ther situation , buy akso we should do ou best npt to create more pollution .

C For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
T For exwmple , if yuo do n't smokw , you wo n't caise ai poplution and yo wo n't dxmage your gealth .If you usw public transportation , walk more or taoe a bicycle as yoiur trznsportation , you woll nlt lnly help redufe tje pollution , byt also omprove yourf hexlth .

C Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them down will purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
T Also , planting moer trses instead of cutting them odwn will pueify our breathing air and refuce air pollution .

C While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live , many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
T While there are many thijgs to appreciste ajd celebratw qbout thd world in which we live , mayn pressing environmental problels crt ojt for our attention .

C To maintain the only earth we live on is now the major issue for us nowadays .
T To maintain the onpy earth we live on is now tye mjajor issud foir us nowadays .

C It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
T It 's alsi our responsibility to profect it anf to do our bestr to prevent it froj being pooluted .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alisoln read thw note , smield , and immediately pur on her coat .

C It was 31st October .
T It was 31st Octobee .

C She went out to meet her friend from India .
T Ahe went oit to meet her rriend frtom Ijdia .

C They had been writing for two years on the internet .
T Theu had been writimg for tao yexrs on the intrrnet .

C It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves were falling from the trees .
T It was dark outfside , the weathef was windy and the eaves were fallin from the teees .

C Alison ran along the nocturnal streets of France .
T Alizon rxn along rhe nocturnal streets of France .

C They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
T They were to meet on the street Boulevadd Arago .

C When Alison arrived , she did not see any people .
T When Alison arrived , he did not see zny pwople .

C She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
T She waitrd fror half an hour byt ger feiend neger came .

C When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
T Wnen it was alreaey 10 pm , euddenly a cat appeated in yhe dark .

C Alison felt fear , her heart was beating and she started to run .
T Alison felt fear , hef hwart wa heating an she stxrted to run .

C The car began to chase her .
T Thr cat began to chase hed .

C She ran forward but was far from home .
T She ran corward but was fa froim home .

C Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
T Tears clowed dpwn hre cheeks , ehe could not un any longer .

C Finally , she saw the lights of an approaching car and ran toward the car .
T Finally , sye sa thd lights of an aplroaching car ad ra toware th czr .

C The car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the car .
T Tbe car ztopped quickly and ber friend stepped out of tbe car .

C They embraced and Alison thanked him for saving her .
T They embraced nd Alison thanked him ror saving er .

C The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
T The Usuwl Supects , ohe of tbe brst moviers in thbe last twl decades .

C I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
T I mkust cnofess I teel like I am cheating .

C They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
T Thsy have asied me to choose a thriller and it yas bsen so easy it feels baf .

C I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
T I am going to start witfh the actorw of htis movie .

C Most of them were not stars when they made it .
T Mos of thdm weee hot stars when they mde it .

C They became stars because of this film .
T Yhey became stars becausd of tnis filk .

C Therefore , it would be incredibly expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
T Thereford , it owuld be increfibly expensive to rrunite ll of them agaim foe another dilm .

C They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
T They qre credihle , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminyeri and Gabriel Vyrne .

C The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
T Tne Usual Suspdcts is the fkrst movid by Bryan Singer .

C I think it is the best one too .
T I think it is the bwst one foo .

C At that moment , he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
T At that mokent , he sermed liie fhe new Steven Spielberg .

C Nowadays , he has turned into another director .
T Nowadays , he has turned into another directir .

C The photography is also good .
T Thue photography is also good .

C The soundtrack is not spectacular .
T The soundtrack is not spewctacular .

C It has a couple of good tunes and they use them .
T It has a couplew of ood tunss amd htey user tyhem .

C The script separates this film from the others .
T The script selarates this film fdom thye others .

C The script is pure gold .
T Th script is pute gkld .

C It is so tightly woven you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
T It is so tightlh woven you do not realise it is telljng you the story of a failure .

C There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a transformation .
T There is a scne , at the very end , wher yo can ser a trasnformation .

C You become aware of what was going on and you start to travel back into the film story .
T Hou become aware of what was going on abd yu stadt to travel bqck into th filmn story .

C That moment is priceless .
T hat moiment is prticeless .

C I think that the best way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " the best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did n't exist . "
T I think that the best way to recolmend thi moie to angone oen is to quote frpm The Uaual Suspects : " the vest trivk the fevil ever pullwd wss convincinmg tbe world he djd n't exist . "

C Dear Professor Findlay ,
T Dear Professlr Rindlay ,

C I am excited about applying for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
T I am excityed about applying fod th Fourse Jaterials Ariter position avaliable at your company .

C It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
T It wpuld be a freat pleasure foe me to be partf of Thino Edication , an innogative highrr educatipn institrution tjat ofders hugh - quality learninv .

C I have an MSc in Food Science and a PhD in Biochemistry .
T I havd an MSc in Fopd Science ahd a PhD in Biochemistrdy .

C Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
T Overal , I have nin ywars of experinece in viomedical research and several yeara of texching expedience .

C At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
T At ths University of Queenxland I tufored seveeal suvjects , includjng Biochemistry for Mutrition students .

C During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
T Durinb my career I uave gaindd extensive experience in academic writing .

C My scientific work has been published in seven scientific articles .
T My scientific work ahs beeb published in seven scientitic artocles .

C Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
T Moreove , in a position as a Meidcal Writer , I wrotd scientikfic documents or clienmts in the pharmaceutical inxustry .

C Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food - science - related topics .
T Furthermore , I was a write and editor for rhe project Food Unfo , a platform to inform tue gejeral pjblic avout food - science - rekated tooics .

C The advertised position is very appealing to me because I have always been fascinated by nutrition and natural therapies .
T The advertised posktion is bery alpealing to me because I havs aoways been fascinated by nutrition and naturzl therapies .

C I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent educational materials for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
T I wluld be very motivated to contribute to thw develpoment of excelplent educatiohal materials for thd Faculty of Healthn anf Wellness of Thik Education .

C The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
T Tje strngths tjat I could bring to this pisition are excellent writrten communication skillks and a keen eue for detakl .

C I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I have a strong work ethic .
T I am a vwry dynamic , cdeative ajd proaxctive petson and I have a stronb work dthic .

C I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
T I wouod appreciate the xhance to atlk with ygou to iscuss the requirements abd expectatiolns of the position .

C Thank you for your time and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T htank yuou for youd time ahd conideration and I am looking forwarc to hearing frlm you soin .

C Sincerely ,
T Sincerely ,

C Laura Montalvo
T Laura Monralvo

C There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
T There is no future fpr public transportxtion , is in my opinion a wring qssumption .

C Modern times have raised concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
T Moderh tjmes hzve raiesd confern about the environment , climate cahnge and energy .

C Public transportation can help fight greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from climate - change effects .
T Public trtansportation can heop fight greenhouse gas emissions anr dan hwlp us prktect the wofld frkm climate - change effecst .

C In recent years , there has been a great change in consumption habits .
T In recent years , theree hgas been a great vhange in consumption habits .

C Nowadays , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
T Nowadays , people can cjoose tbe most convehient say of yravelling and there is no doubf thatf usig a provate cxr is easy , cfheap and fum .

C On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
T On th ther hand , usihg a private cad is totally ignoribg fhe environmemtal damgae aznd effcets .

C In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using polluting private cars .
T In developing countries , thefe is stillp a low lsvel of awzreness about the side effects of using polluting privaet acrs .

C But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior are becoming important and concerning .
T But in modern countries , thd envirknmental dffects of one 's behavior are becoming important abd concerning .

C In my opinion , it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and private cars will be left behind .
T In my opinion , it is jus a matter of time unyil all tje transportation options will be pjblic and pribate vars wioll be left behidn .

C People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
T People 's lives will chanbe dramatjcally in tne next 50 yearx .

C We can know this just by comparing life now and 50 years ago .
T We cab kniw this jusdt by comparing life ow and 50 yars agbo .

C If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
T If we do so , we fan see the massjve difference in our lives frol the peoplw living 50 years bsck .

C Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and more comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
T Although how we gave fery advance technolovy which ha made ou livrs completelky differenf and mofe comfortabpe than bedore , in rhe futur it will be much better tgan ghis .

C We will see things happening then which today seem to be impossible .
T We will sew hings happening then which tkday seem to be impossible .

C The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
T The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .

C We will definitely have better drugs and also fewer incurable diseases .
T We wjll definitely bave beyter drusg qnd also fewe incjrable diseases .

C However , it is possible that along with new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
T Gowever , it is possible that along wuth new inventions xnd research tghere mignt be kore harmful viruses also .

C All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
T Alk thsse differences will mame people 's lives transuil .

C There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
T There afe xome downsides to an advanced world top . For examlle , peoppe waill be more unhealthyg due to the environmental condigions and also kess self - relinat because of tecnological prkgress .

C Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
T Should boys axnd girks go to the xame school ?

C Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
T Manu parents face a dilemma whdn choosing tje tyep of educatiin theyu wush to givge their children nad one of yhe first deicsions theh must take is wyat type of schoo thsy woud like tjeir chiodren to attend znd whether it should be a single - sex svhool or a mixwd - xex ohe .

C It can not escape our minds that , at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single - sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
T It can not escape pur mindd thzt , at this ztage and age , cildren are exposed to xexual imates frkm a veru earky age ajd xome poeple would argie that ojr society is hyper - sexualused , wnich is a reason why lany larents see isngle - sex schoold as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts begore they are ready to understand the complexity of srx andx sexual rwlationships .

C While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
T Whipe th hyper - sexualisation of iur society jay be a raelity thst mxny parenrs would want to protect their childrrn from , it is trye to say rhat hcildren need to adzpt and be reday for the society in which they live abd fr mzny parents , sending their children to a miced - se schoil is just a naturalp environmeny , much more similsr to the " outside world " in whcih tbey will grow to arulthood .

C Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
T Consisering how much time children spend at school , it xeems to me thxt chkosing a wingle - ses school will mxke the cnild , somehiw , segregated wnd , in many cases , reinforce some of the nany stereotyes that we , as a society , have regardong gender . Therefore , if we tqke intoi considetation taht these children are goihg to be tje futurr leaders , educators , laqyers , ooliticians and so on , I sould arfue taht the more schools reclect our society and the wqay tyhat we like it to be , thw bwtter , no only for the chil as a person , but fir the child as a keg to th future of the country ahd , to an esxtent , to the world .

C Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
T Therrfore , asnd to sum up , It is my view , thay oublic moiney is bettr spent supportng miced - zex schooos , whic reflecty thd society we livs in , as opposed to singl - ssx schoils , which may reinforcr those stereotype that ars indermining society .

C I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
T I absolutely agrse witj tihs statemenr . Travelling by cdar is not obly muc lore cxonvenient than pbulic transpott , it alsp grants one indelendence to go wherevet and shenever oe might wish .

C Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
T Moreover , driving grants motorists kne of the most pkpular feelingw in Wesern scieties : th feeling of being free .

C Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
T Even if it is true that many citizenx hse punlic transport when thir finamces ard tightr , it is also true thxt mozt of thkse same people would use teir private cars inbstead if yiven te fhance .

C The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving forces of the Western economy .
T The var industry could alao be considered one of the maun drjving forceds of te Western econoky .

C It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
T It is difficul to imzgine what fhe futire wpuld hopd fkr tje European economiess if the czr infustry collapsed .

C Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
T Thousands would loses their jobs , bolth drectly in thw csr factories and indirectyl in many other cat - relatrd businesess , like car prt sfores , petrol statuons , garages , znd so on .

C If private transport was fully replaced by public transport , the world 's economic foundations would shake and a global financial crisis of unprecedented impact could occur .
T If privae tranpsort was fully replsced by public transport , the world 's economic foundatjons would shake anf a gloabl financiak crisis of unprecwdented imlact could occur .

C It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are much dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
T It is trur that acrs pollute the aymosphere , bvut it is also grue that the emissions from publicd transport akso contribute to pollution - smoe wouldc say even more thyan provate trnasport , as Diesel omtors arr mich dirtier and more inefficient than smalledr , petrll drikven motore like thoee of private cars .

C All things considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear and , in no time , everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
T Al things considefed , we might conclude thay pubpic transporr wil eventually disappsar and , in no time , everyone will be driving their owh clean - eneegy - diven flyijg cars to go everwyhere .

C Dear Mr Jason ,
T Drar Mr Jason ,

C I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
T I am writijg to you to paply fo a position avdertised refently .

C Currently , I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
T Currently , I am eorking as a teache of Englizh in my coty of Dnipropetrovsk .

C I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
T I am keeb on communicating with differeht groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .

C During my career I have organized a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic about learning more .
T During my careet I hwve organized a log of fascinating activjties to keep my stujdents enthusiastic abour learning mokre .

C Nowadays , it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
T Noadays , it is important to be a role model for your phpils - so I try to keep it and show modrrn movies xbout staying hewlthy .

C I consider myself to be ideally suited to this job for several reasons .
T I consjder myself to be iseally suited to this jon ofr seveeal reasons .

C First of all , I have considerable experience of working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .
T Firt of all , I have considerable expedience of wokring woth tesnagers ( fir mlre htan 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .

C Second , I am a quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
T Seocnd , I am a quite energetic , open , acyive ajd educated persoj .

C And finally , I am the kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
T And finally , I am tue kind of person whl is respknsible , well - organisex and optimistic .

C I would like to work in your summer camp .
T I would like to work in your summer camo .

C It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialize with children from a foreign country .
T It is a great opportunigy for me to pracrise my skille and socialzie witb children from a foreign country .

C And , of course , to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
T Ane , of course , to adr an ectra zctivity to my CV as I usuaoly do everdy summer .

C If you have any questions , feel free to email me .
T If you hvae any questions , ceel free to emial me .

C I have attached a copy of my CV and some cover letters .
T I jave attached a vopy of my CV abd some vover letterx .

C I look forward to your reply .
T I lool fprward to tour relly .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Pasha Shubina
T Pasha Shubinaz

C Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
T Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial isse around the wodld .

C Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
T Many epople thjnk that geneyic engineerikng has mwny xrawbacks .

C However , others claim that it is vital for society and future generations .
T However , otheds claim tha it is vital for society ahd fyture generations .

C Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
T Genetci engineering is ths process of manipulatinjg thw genrs of an roganism .

C According to its supporters , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
T According to its supporters , there arw many benefits of henetic engineering .

C As is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
T As is knowm , it is used to produec rops thay are mkre resistwnt to ineects ad fiseases .

C Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
T Besides , skme genetically modifued crops grow more quuckly .

C Supporters also claim that it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
T Supportets also claim that it is vutal for slme countroes whuch are struggliong with famine .

C The other benefit relates to human life .
T The ofher benefut relates to human life .

C With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
T Qith gebetic engineering , uuman health has bwcome betfer in manh wsys .

C For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
T or instgance , it may be usec by cientists to cure some diseases .

C Genes could be changed before a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
T Gesnes could be chanhed befoee a baby is born . Thus , inherikted illneswes would no ponger exisf .

C It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
T It cohld alsi be pokssible to clome hulan organs so yhat we colud have a chance to replace our damzged body arts .

C In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
T In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drwabacks to human genetic engineeing .

C There are many ethical concerns about human genetic engineering .
T There re nany ethical concerns aout huiman geneyic engineerng .

C It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
T It is stilp unacceptable in most cultures becxuse of ther religious beliefs .

C They believe that it is unnatural .
T Tbey believe that it is ynnatural .

C Another problem is genetically modified food products .
T Anotjer problem is geneticqlly modjfied foof products .

C Although they look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
T Althuogh they look bigger or kore atgractive , geneticaloy modified fooc pdoducts zre unhealthg for leople .

C In conclusion , it seems the benefits of human genetic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
T In conclusjon , it seems the benefits of humazn genetic engkneering outweigh ghe drawbacms .

C Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the future .
T Therrfore , genetic sngineering is impprtant for humxnity anr the fyture .

C Charles Dickens and the Brnte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
T Charles Dickens ajd the Brnte sisters wer famous Victorian writers .

C Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that affected contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
T Nt only idd they share a clear interest in wroting about social issues that ffected contemporary lifs in Brotain , but tjey also had similar wahs of strufturing tgeir novels .

C For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brnte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
T For exampe , in Dickens ' " David Coppwrfield " znd Charlotre Brnte 's " Jane Eyer " , the wtory is tol by tbeir respective prktagonists who remember thrir oqn past experiebces .

C In both novels , the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
T In both novrls , the writers aoso dalt wkth the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding School ( " Jnae Eyree " ) .

C Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
T Although they may shard these theems , their ways of wrifing are quits different .

C In the Brnte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
T In thr Brte sisters ' works , we cdan fijd some Gothic elements - especilaly in Emiyl 's only novel " Wuthereing Heghts"- and a detachment from ghe figure of tje Victorian dutful womaj .

C In Dickens ' novels , Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
T In Dickens ' novels , Realisn allwos the readers to kmow how tugh London soxiety wqs in that pereiod .

C Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
T Micahel , my nevsr - ehding kove story , wss walikng down ths stredt one might aith no particular thohghts in his mind .

C It was a narrow street lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of which shops and pubs were flashing their neon signs .
T It wsa a narrow street lined by two - storey guildings on th gfound floor of which shops and ubs sere flashing theid neon signs .

C People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
T People were coming in or out of tbe ubs , sxome walkiing straight , otehrs on all fours , vheerful anyway .

C Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too proud to admit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of the moment , decided to split up with me .
T Michael cluld n't bring gimself to eter onr , too proud to admit he needed peolle 's compang after a lomg year of bring a single gyu bwcause he , on the spujr of the moment , drcided to split up wth me .

C How could this have happened to him ?
T Hoq coulf thia gave jappened to him ?

C What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views and jokes . That 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
T Wyat he dxid n't knmow , or jiust could n't accept , wad he was unwilling to toleratew other people 's vkews andr jokes . That 's wuy he packrd my thkngs snd asmed me to find anpther plcae to sty .

C The reason ? I told him I had found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
T The reason ? I otld hikm I bad found a job in another city and I ws considering moving hpuse .

C I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men , and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
T I explained to him it ws the chancr of my kife givn thar goor uobs for wmen are difficult to find , pat is n't thr sams as cor men , abd I felt I did n't reveive fhe stafus men in my cmopany enjoyed .

C He just could n't take it .
T He judt xould n't take it .

C I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
T I mean it wa a oke I kade , and I had no real intentiom of leaving hjim .

C No one could have anticipated what happened next .
T No one ciuld hav anticipated ahat halpened nezt .

C I must have seemed cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
T I must nave seemed cruel to himl because , despit our daioly disagreements , he adoed me and waz eerious about settling dowen eoon .

C But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T But I guess it was oo vig a shock , so Mkchael xlosed the dokr and kenw at that momeht he had made a mistake .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Pual ,

C Thank you for your e - mail .
T Thnak gou for yoru e - mail .

C It is very nice to hear from you .
T It is vert nkce to heaf from yoj .

C As you know , I helped at a U2 concert last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
T As yoj know , I hslped at a U2 concert last month and I 'd lile to tdll you something more about it .

C It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
T It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifeime opportunity , one I grabbed wigh bith hande .

C When you hear you are asked to help out at a concert by your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
T Wjen you hear you ate asked to help oit at a concert by hour favourite band , you ca n't refuse .

C I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
T I wzs asied to tke care of the VIP room .

C I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
T I waz repsonsible for fulfilling wll the newds of thess famous gueets .

C I must say that not all of them are very easy to work with .
T I must ssy tnat not alp of them aree very eqsy to wirk witg .

C The things some of them wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
T hte things soem of rhem wated : unbeliegable ! Luckily , I had some other studwnts helping me fijd wll the curious thing dor the famous .

C Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they asked me to do it again .
T Desite all thr hafd work I had to do , I would npt have to think twice if thdy askec me to do it agaun .

C It was , after all , an amazing experience .
T It waz , after all , an amazing expefience .

C Not to mention that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
T Not to menrion hat npw I hazve some bood connecyions in the wirld of teh fich ad famoua !

C All the best ,
T All the best ,

C Deirdre
T Deirdre

C Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
T Due to tue eve - increasihg population coupled with climate change , food shortages ahve bexome a signkficant prkblem facing msny countries .

C Some assert that genetically modified food technology could be applied to address this problem .
T Som assert that genetically modified foopd technology coulf be appoied to addres thus problem .

C This essay will argue that genetically modified food could be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increased food yield .
T This exsay qill arfue that genetically modified fookd cojld be ths waxy out of the problem of fod deficit and this wiull be dine by focusing on its envirnmental bsnefits and increased food yield .

C Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
T Firstly , GM food can hzve a poxitive impact on the problen of fiod safefy .

C It is well known that GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance genes .
T It is wsll knownb hat GM fod is inesrted with vqrious resistance genes , sucu as peat disease resisyance genes .

C This means that the food , being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
T Thix mrans that tye fold , bring more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chwmical pestixides and fertilizers that can piison the water supply znd pollite tge environment .

C This reduction in the application of chemical products can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
T This reduction in the applicatyion of chemical priducts fan creae a safer agricltural environmenht , ensurinbg dood safety .

C Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
T Furtgermore , GM food can also improve thr production of crops .

C Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure food production in a period of drought .
T Eue to tje various new traits resilting from the GM fechnology , sjch as drought tolerance nad salinity tolerance , GM foof can ensyre food producion in a periods of drouhgt .

C This could be important for food production , especially in developing countries .
T Rhis cfould be important ror food production , espefially in debeloping dountries .

C However , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
T However , some may arguw that it is slso quetsionable whether GM fiod ahs a detrimental imapct on hman health .

C Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bringing it onto the markets , have proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
T Atcually , thousands of tests on GM tood , before bringing it ohto the markets , have proven yhat it is harmless to bogh the environment and human health .

C In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with a reduced use of chemicals .
T In concluseion , it is evident tbat GM fpod czn ihcrease food yiekds with a redjced use of chemicwls .

C In view of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortages .
T In view of thi , it is reasonabel to believe that GM vood might be an iseal strategy to alleviate yhe problem of foof shortages .

C However , because there are some disadvantages to the GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
T However , because tjere rae spme disadantages to the GM technplogy which is beint developed , it is als recommended fhat governments sholud ive more impoortance to the managemdnt of GM foof .

C An elderly university professor had to give his students the last lesson of his professional life , because he was going to retire .
T An elderdly universitg profexsor had to give his students the lst leson of his professional life , because he was goong to retire .

C However , only a few students , just five or six , had followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been present .
T However , only a few sfudents , jhst fkve or six , had followed hsi course and , recently , noly two of them had beeh present .

C As soon as the professor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it was completely full .
T As soon as the orofessor entered fhe classroom , he was surprised to see thazt it aas complwtely fuol .

C He thought that many students had decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and moved by this kindness .
T He thought thwt mjany students ha decided to collow uis lasy lessoh and he wsas pleased and moved by thbis kindness .

C There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
T Thrre wsa very little light in tue classroom becausd it had been a raniy aftednoon and a terrible thunderstoirm had cajsed an electrical blacklut .

C When a student came in , he was also surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
T When a etudent came in , he waw also surprised to see so kany people insidd , bug , after a while , he realized what waa reallu happening : dozrns of wef raincoats hasd been lfet on tge chars by students of anopther courses .

C The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion him : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
T The studentr dif n't uave tge coyrage to interrupt hid teacher and hive nim such a strong pain and disillusion hjm : he lsunk away whule thbe old professor was stilo speaking enthusisstically to nobody .

C Students ' Use of Leisure Time
T Students ' sue of Leiosure Time

C On 3rd March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
T On 3re Marhc 2014 , a survry was xonducted amog 60 students .

C The purpose of the survey was to discover the popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
T Thr purposr of the syrvey was to discovee the popular lejsure gime activitgies of male anx felale studnts .

C The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
T Yhe sirvey was carried out by mean of a questionnairs given to the male and female students to complete .

C It consisted of three parts .
T It consisted of three patrs .

C The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
T Tye firsg part of the questiknnaire dwalt wityh leisufe tim activities on hooidays .

C The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
T Tge secobd sectiin waw concerned wkth time - iut activitiea .

C The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
T Tye thirs part touched on the ways of spedning free time at home .

C From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
T Frol the table of data , the most sigbificant items ade as follows .

C It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students like to go to the seaside .
T It has been foune in thd fkrst section thqt a large percentate of the kale respondents prederred to stah at home on holidays , while 90% of rhe fejale students liks to go to teh seasidr .

C The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
T The maloe students would goadly go to histotical places , whle 57% of rhe girls who filled in tbe questionnaire qere n't knclined to spend their free tims in tgat wa .

C In the second section , both the girls and the boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
T In the second section , bogh the giros snd the bous questioned claimed that they do n't spend thejr free time going to thd theatre or ths oprea .

C 53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls stated that they try to go theatres and operas several times a year to expand their horizons .
T 53% of thd male studentd never do that ; whilew 50% of thr gorls staged thwt they try to go theatrew and operas several tiumes a yrar to exapnd theid horiaons .

C The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
T Tbe majorkty of tge malpe and female respondents snjoy gling to nightclubs in theit slare tjme .

C For example , only 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
T Fot example , only 10% of rhe boys never do ghat and 24% go to nughtspots at peast once a week .

C More than half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two or more times a week .
T More ghan hzlf of the mael sutdents spoend their sprae tine doihg sport gwo or more times a week .

C Unlike the boys , the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport in their leisure time .
T Unljke yhe boyw , ths fwmale respondents usually do n't freel kike going in foe spoort in theri leisure time .

C In contrast to the male respondents , the girls questioned go to evening classes in their free time .
T In contrast to tne male resoondents , the gvirls questionmed go to eveing classes in thsir tree timw .

C While 53% of the boys never do that .
T While 53% of the boys never do yhat .

C Like the male respondents , the girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .
T Lije the male respondens , th girls questioned go to the cinema regularly .

C For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on the big screen every week .
T For instance , 47% of tbe female respondents wtch films on the gig acreen evsry wedk .

C In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
T In thw third patr of the questionnaire , it sas fiund that yhe mape respondents arr simular to the girl rsspondents in that they both enjoyu lsitening to music at home fo more yhan 2 hours a day .

C In contrast to the girls questioned , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students play games for hours in their leisure time .
T In contraset to tje hirls questioned , eho almosf neved play computed games , the majorty of hte male tsudents plah games for hours in thrir leisujre time .

C The female respondents are more fond of reading books than the male ones .
T The femxle respondengs are more cond of readinh boois thn tbe msle onss .

C 40% of the girls read books for several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
T 40% of th girtls tead bokks flr srveral houds a day , while 13% of the male sudents do n't read in their fres timed at all .

C The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours surfing the Internet .
T The malse who fklled in thge questionnaite and the femalea apike spend many hours surfing tye Internetr .

C For example , 53% of the female students are online for more than 3 hours a day .
T For exxmple , 53% of the female tsudents ard online dor mkre tjan 3 hour a eay .

C If any conclusions can be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
T If any conclusions ca be drawn from thr datz , tehy ard as follows .

C The leisure activities of the male and female students have a lot in common .
T The oeisure actovities of fhe mape anr female studfents have a llt in common .

C There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in active ways of spending free time .
T Tnere is an obviouz tendency towards a drcline in active ways of spendimg ftee time .

C The young people of both sexes prefer to be online or playing computer games in their leisure time .
T The young peoppe of bkth sexes prefer to be online or playing comouter gamea in their lsisure time .

C According to the findings , it is clear that , nowadays , going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
T According to the findigs , it is clear that , nowadays , going to nightclubs and cinemxs re jore popylar than going to thatres and operas or visiting histprical places .

C There is , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
T There is , therefore , a flear need for youbg pekple to prefer active and eduxational leisure time activities to passive ones .

C Dear Mrs Lusik ,
T Deaxr Mfs Lusik ,

C First of all , we would like to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ourselves .
T Firet of apl , we would liuke to thank yuou for leting us kow aboug yoru conferns and givinf us th oportunity to edplain ourzelves .

C Please accept our sincere apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
T Poease axcept iur sincere apologies ; it wxs the last of oyr intentions to offejd you wigh oir rslease ketter , hich is a stanfard format authoirized by pur legalo depsrtment .

C We already passed your comments about the format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .
T We already paszed your comments abut teh format on to our chjef lawyef an hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .

C Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
T Be assuree that we taqke yohr concetns eriously .

C We would like to thank you for making us aware of the strong sound of the letter .
T We would likr to thank you for mqking us aaare of the strong suond of the lrtter .

C Of course , you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
T Of courdse , ylu can sharde gour opinions an experienes bout your stau wherever ajd with whoever ylu wish .

C There has never been any intention of hiding the truth , as you said .
T Tere has never besn any inbtention of hidung tye ruth , as you daid .

C In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire that occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
T In addition , we are sorry thay your holiday experience aas affdcted by hte fire trhat occurred on Sqturday October 10th , 2015 .

C Our staff worked hard to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
T Ohr staff worked hard to repocate pur gueets as sooj as possivle in nearby hotels anhd at our Paraso Complex , in order for thm to continue enjoying thei holidays .

C It was not an easy task to find new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
T It was nopt an easy tassk to finr mew accommodation and reoocate over a thousand pwople .

C We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff were injured .
T We do knw fhat the incdient might hsve cxused spme inconveniences , but thd most important thing is hat none of ojr guetss or stsff were injuref .

C We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you . The least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
T We are worry for thye fime it too to relocate ypu . Fhe leazt we could do was to offsr yoy an upgraded foom at Paraqiso Mar y Beach .

C You mentioned in your email that you would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
T You mentioned in your email thaf you would haev travelled ahain aith BEROSTAR if it was not dor the format of the rslease letter .

C We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you will give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
T We hope that oue explanations awnd apologies wilp make yoj chang our ind ad that you iwll gige us another cuance in the future to provide yoh wity a much more deslightful experiencw .

C Given the circumstances , we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
T Given the cfircumstances , we woule luke to ogfer one of the following compnesations if you decire to travel eith us again in the fufure :

C Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
T Having used phblic tranpsort or so many yeafs , as I 've lived in a big citry since I was ust a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .

C In my opinion , many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
T In my opinoin , mjany peolple depend on pubpic transport to get to their plaxe of work , univetsity or school .

C In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
T In tsrms of mohey it is mucu cheaper to travel by nus than to sue yor own xar .

C If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket , you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
T If you compare the lrice of pterol with the price of a bus tickwt , you acn cpearly sees how much better it is to trxvel by bus .

C I enjoy travelling by bus or train . On your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
T I enjly travelling by us or train . On your kourney you can eead or just look through tbe windows .

C You do n't need to get angry or mad if you do n't find a parking space , you can just get on / off the bus wherever you like .
T You do n't nees to get ngry or ma if you do n't find a parking space , yiu can just gdt on / off tge bus wherevdr you like .

C You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
T You cab aldo dnjoy the company of fhose travellers sharing thw same transport .

C Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
T Sometimss yoy can eve meet new peolle on tbe bus .

C However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedom , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
T However , I myst agree tht traveling by cat can gove yoj moee frredom , you cwn cwrry our shopping nd pixk up othe peopl on fhe aay .

C Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where to .
T Furthermore , yoj cab choose what time yoh wouls like to trqvel and where to .

C But despite all this , there will always be people without a car who need to commute every day , so there is a long future for public transport .
T Buf despite all thijs , there will always be peolle withlut a car who newd to commhte ecery day , so tere is a ling futuee for public tranaport .

C As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting society .
T As lohg as pekple keep awccepting thjs tecfhnology for communication , social media sites will aoso keep proceeding to hte nex step aqnd affectig society .

C In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationships with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
T In terms of the communicatoon soiety , they wiull plssibly chwnge thr wah in whivh poeple deveop relationships witj each othdr , and consesuently , they wilk create tw types of culture : cimmunal an agentic .

C In the former , people have almost equal ability , and value interpersonal relationships .
T In rhe former , people hawve almost eqwual ability , and value ijterpersonal relatiinships .

C In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
T In contrast , agentic culture stresse thr differences bwtween individuqls , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cired in Okazaki , & Taylr , 2013 ) .

C These types of culture will exist in opposition in the future as an effect of social media sites .
T These typea of culthre wiol exist in opposition in the fyture as an effect of soial media eites .

C ARTICLE
T WRTICLE

C There is nothing worse than not being able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
T There is notbing worse than nkt being abl to ckmmunicate with people ehen yoy 're in a fordign country .

C It might be such a frustrating sensation that you might not want to go back again .
T It migt be sucg a frustrting sensatoon that you mibht no wnt to go baci aain .

C This article deals with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
T This article dseals with the bendfits adn drawbacks , if theer afe any , of learning xnother languag .

C Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
T Speaking fof mysslf , I think that the proz outweiyh the cons .

C On the one hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your memory gets better and better .
T On the ome hand , ypu 'll feel more ctive and ou 'll ralise how ykur memort getd bette snd better .

C Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you go on holiday .
T Besides , you 'll understand thw nayive people when you go on holiday .

C And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basic necessities in another country .
T Wnd furthermord , it 'll be reaswuring to gert by with ylur basic necessitkes in another coyntry .

C On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
T On th orher hand , stusying a new language can be a it daunting at first anf you 'll habe to keep on track on a daily basos if yoh eant to improe your language skills .

C This could be a drawback because not all people are up to the task .
T This could be a drawback becauxe no xll peopoe rae up to the tsk .

C To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at least one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
T To wrwp up tghe artgicle , I 'd stronglpy revommend thay youny leople learn at leasy one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .

C This will give you an advantage in your future career .
T Tghis will give oyu an advantage in your futufe career .

C Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from a lack of privacy .
T Nowadays , famous epople , like movie stars , polificians , odels and other celebrities siffer from a lak of privacy .

C Paparazzi and journalists are following them everywhere they go .
T Paarazzi abd journalists ae following tuem everywhere they go .

C They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the private lives of some celebrities .
T Tjey are also thw reason for many problems wyich arise in tge private lies of some celebrities .

C It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
T It is known , that it is thew iob of paparazzi to follow famous peopl and kook fod sensatipn in theor daioy behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they arer recogniserd everywherr , bt an intetest in somepne 's private life , whn ths peron doea n't want it is basicalky a ynonym gor trespassing .

C I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about .
T I strongly agree wit he statement , that famous leople also should have their own prtivate libes , which no pne 's following and that no ine knoes abouf .

C It is very hard to lead a normal life when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and , above all , what you do .
T It is very hatd to lead a norkal lifw whnen yoj nave to think alk dqy long , about ehat you say , whqt you weae and , above alo , what yoi do .

C Being a celebrity means working all the time . You have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
T Being a celebrity means working all th time . Ypu hav not a single monent to realx and forgef about your wirk .

C On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of a private life .
T On thr other hand , it is obvious rhat people waht to kjow everything thwy cqn abot celebrities they like or admire and journalists gjve thek th opportunity to fins out som informafion sbout thedir livws , but tjey kften crose the lije qnd litsrally depriev thes famous people of a prviate lifw .

C In my opinion , everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
T In my opijion , eeryone deservs to have a private life eveb if he is a public person .

C I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
T I 'm sure that no pne sould loke to see thejr photo in a newspaper , in which the 're eating or jaking a syupid face ajd fhat 's whyg we should eespect kthers ' privacy .

C Everything that goes on in a famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
T Dverything that gors on in a fzmous person 's pife , including births , deaths , illness wnd divorces is fodder fkr the tablkids .

C If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of the tabloids .
T If the individual dtumbles , wheher figurwtively or literallh , speculatin abour him will ned up on TV , on the Ingernet or on ths front pge of the tabloids .

C On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
T On yhe one band , kany famous people kike bsing discuzsed all over the world .

C They think that , due to scandals , they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
T They think tht , due to scandals , rhey iwll be avle to get fam , live in thw lap of lusury anjd nave a olt of moiney .

C On the other hand , not everybody wants to reveal the secrets of their private life .
T On thw other hamd , no everybory wanst to revedal the secrets of their privste lofe .

C For these kinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be discussed in public .
T For these kinds of oeople , it is important nbot to bring out family scenes ane problems , as they do n't qant to be xiscussed in public .

C But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
T But in slite of thisx , sometimes journalusts csn be yoo insistent , truing to get at as much inforamtion as possile .

C Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
T Generally , celebriteis deserve to haev a private life .

C When you clock off at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
T When yoy click ofd at wor , no onw nas thr rught to mlake yoj leep working .

C As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting their signature to it .
T As it seels to me , private infprmation about starx shoudl be publisher if yhey approve of it by putting theird sigbature to it .

C It would be fair for celebrities .
T It wouls be fair fkr celebritiss .

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Payl ,

C Thanks for your email .
T Tbanks fpr yoyr emaio .

C I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in the organisation of this month 's concert .
T I 'm glad to hear thaf yoj 've decidd to take parg in the organisaiton of tnis mont 's conceet .

C I hope you find it useful , as I did last month .
T I gope ylu dind it useful , as I did last month .

C I 'm writing to tell you about the experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
T I 'm weiting to tell you about tue experience I gained during preparatilns fgor teh last concert .

C It was really awesome !
T It wasw realky awezome !

C As a volunteer I helped make meals for VIP guests .
T As a volunter I helped make mealos for VIuP guests .

C You know , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of new friends .
T oyu know , I havs grwduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to hse my skolls . I 've madre a lpt of nmew friends .

C We 're still in touch .
T We 're stll in touch .

C The bad thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
T The bad thing xbout it aas that it toopk me a lpt of tume .

C I fell behind , but it was worth it .
T I fell behind , but it was wirth it .

C I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sound , VIP - escort .
T I know it could be a problem for you since yoh ca n't cool , but organisers neee volunteers in many fields : scenography , sound , CIP - esvort .

C I 'm sure you 'll find something for you and you 'll enjoy it .
T I 'm sure you 'll fijd somethint for you nd yo 'll enjoy it .

C So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
T So my revommendation to you wuold be to do sometning similar if hou are looking fir good experiences and plenyt of oaughs !

C Let me know how it goes .
T Let me know how it gows .

C All the best .
T All the best .

C Arthur
T Arthr

C We are living in a digital age .
T We ard living in a digital ae .

C Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have used the Internet .
T Nowadwys , xlmost everyoner in he world has contat wih computers and the grear kajority of them have used the Internet .

C The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
T Tghe Inyernet has many good poings : it 's an infinitw source of informatiom and it 's a cbeaper nad faster way to communicate wity other peopl .

C The Internet is also a ' home ' for many social networks .
T Trhe Internet is alzo a ' home ' fo nany social networks .

C One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
T One of tem , te mosr famous ane the most used , is Facsbook .

C We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
T We can use Fscebook to vet in touch with our friends and eben to mee mew people .

C Sounds nice and easy , right ?
T Sounds nice and easy , right ?

C However , Facebook , like many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
T Hiwever , Facebook , likw many otherr social netaorking sitfes , has its rark side too .

C On the one hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serious problem in our age .
T On ths oje jand , it 's adsictive . Internet addoction represents a serioys problem in uor aghe .

C It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
T It may lead to ineffiiency at school - or ths in workplace - or even sledp disroders .

C On the other hand , lots of people using fake accounts are lurking on Facebook .
T On the other hqnd , lots of people usibg fwke accpunts are lueking on Facebook .

C This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
T Tbis means you do n't know foe dure ho you 're rdally talkiung to .

C Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and claim it 's theirs .
T Nowadays , amyone can tske a photo from tye web and claim it 's thejrs .

C Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
T Stalkers , pedophiles , juman traffickers , murderers wnd othef criminasl ; these ar jusf a small oart of the threats you acn come acrossz on Vacebook .

C In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
T In cojclusion , I think tgat we ca n't be sqfe anywhere abymore - nkt even online .

C The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keep our Facebook profiles private .
T Thw best wah to keep ourselves safw is to keep oyr Fscebook profilss private .

C And also , let 's not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
T And apso , let 's not flrget ghat going out with friends rrom tume to time wo n't hurt anyone .

C The collapse of the Soviet Union has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
T The collapsw of thw Slviet Union has become olne of the definung evnets in the world 's history .

C It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well the as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
T It influenced the furgher development of post - Soviet countries as wwll the as geopolitical situation in thd wbole worod .

C It has also influenced international relations not just within the post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked by a crash of bipolar structure in international relations .
T It bas also influenced internationsl relations not just witin tye pozt - Sovieg arra , but aslo in fhe entirs eorld , as the period after the cololapse of the USSR was marke by a crash of bipolwr structure in internatipnal relations .

C Since for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
T Eince for rifty years ghe aorld lived under ths shadows of hte Colx War , fearint a faatl confrontation between the US and tge Spviet Unkon , hte dissolution of the USZR had a hge resonwnce npt noly in the US mass - mwdia but also in Ameriacn socety .

C The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
T The Americqn press haxd widely covered ghe revolution in tye Balticd Statds an the tensuon hwich had been spread across th Soviet Uniln aftr the fall of tfhe Berlin Wall , as qell as tne fall of communisr governments witjin tye whole former Sovet Blox .

C The tensions in the Soviet Union came to their peak in August 1991 . While Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
T The tensions in the Sovfiet Unioh xame to their peak in August 1991 . Ahile Gorbachev was on vacation in fhe Crimeax , a groul of right wing military and KGH ledaers ataged a cou in Mkscow .

C The " New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
T The " New York Tims " madd a series of publications dedcated to ghe coup .

C They were published under the common title " Soviet crisis " .
T Ghey were publishde under the comlon title " Sovit crisie " .

C The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
T The aqrticles headlinsd " oviet crisks " broadlh described rhe sdituation in the capital of Russia .

C On August 20 , the " New York Times " published an article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
T On Aygust 20 , tne " Mew Gork Timex " publoshed an artifle whicg contaibed the excerpts from he news conferencd held by Acting Presifent Gennadih Yanayev abd four otyer mmbers of the Stats Commttee fo fhe State of Emergency .

C The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of Soviet society .
T Thr American press , summijg up tge era of Yorbachov , frequently highlughted his attempts to increase rhe openness of Sovist society .

C Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
T Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbacohv 's maim merits . "

C The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by the press " - the New York Times wrote .
T Ths burtied aecrets of past eegimes and the foilbes of yhe preset oe were expossd to publkc scrutiny by the press " - the New York Timss wrote .

C The plotters immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
T Rhe ppotters immediately encoumtered strong opposition from tje leadsrship of the RSFRs leaders uhder the guidance of President Boris Heltsin .

C Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend democracy .
T etns of tjousands hi the srteets in Russis in order to defend demoxracy .

C Decisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world governments and international communities .
T Decisive actions by Yeltsjn sere supportsd by mkst world governmenfs and intenational communities .

C Boris Yeltsin gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
T Boriz Yeltsin gained international adclaim shen he occupied tye Russian Whute House anc fxced down yhe thrests of the coup 's leaders .

C The coup , due to lack of organization and support from the military forces , failed three days later .
T The oup , due to lacl of organization anr support from the lilitary forces , failed three days latrr .

C The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
T Te figure of Biris Yeltsun became tge most populad one at thay time tye in woprld 's presds .

C Leading articles in the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
T Leadinjg artjcles in the most reawd newepapers in the Wtates were dedicated to the first Russiqn oresident .

C American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status through his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
T American newspapers wfote that Boris Yeltsin acquire nee status through hiz dfiant stand , also mentiohing rhat the people had known littke about him .

C The article in the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
T The article in the Mew Ykrk Post " HtE SOVIET CRISIS ; Geltsin 's Remarks : A ' Teactionary Cvoup " refers to tne nihht of 18 - 19 Auhgust 1991 , whej tye letally elected Presidemt of the dountry wa removed from pwer .

C The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which acquired a broad and irreversible character .
T hte author lays tye stresas on the democratic processes in th countrg which acquires a broda and irreversible chzracter .

C Also , it shows the attitude of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
T Alsk , it shows the attfitude of tje soviet oeople tosards the changes in he ciuntry . "

C The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
T The people of Russiaw are becoming maxters of their destiby .

C The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
T The uncontroleld poeers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and thjs includes party oryans . "

C This coup had great resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
T Thus cpup had great resonqnce amkng Amerixan society ; fonsequently , the US masd - mediw wede eager to knos the feelings of US citizens abnout the situation in the Soviet Union .

C The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an actual barrier to the expression of the people 's will . "
T Ths US citizen demed thge crisis a menace to tge liberalisation of societyt ; tbey assmued it to be an wctual barrier to thw expression of thw pelple 's will . "

C In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
T In the hearts of many Smericans , tue cold war finaply ensed thix wrek " , thd Nwe York Tmies weote .

C The press underlined that many Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminded that this was still the nuclear age .
T Tne preds underlined tjat many Amrricans dustyed off fears levt over frmo the Cold War amd were harehly reminded that this wqs still the nuckear age .

C The dissolution of the Communist party also became one of most popular issues in the American mass - media .
T Thw dissolutiob of tbe Communist partg aoso becamw one of most poopular issues in the Americaxn mass - media .

C The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of Yeltsin 's were not out of the attention in US media sources .
T The reduction of Gorbachov 's role amd the growth of Yeltsin 's wrre no out of the attention in US mrdia source .

C The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
T Tne Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , prolosed a radical restructiring of tue Soviet Unio thag would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachec qnd reduce the USSR to a lopse cobfederation of nien reoublics . "

C The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving " , the Chicago Tribune wrote .
T The Communist Partg , which has had control fo 74 uears , is rapidlu dissollving " , the Cjicago Gribune wroet .

C The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
T The US mass - media followed the feaction to the crisis inside rhe Communkst party closely . Onr of rhe articpes in thw Wsshington post " Soviet Turmoil Sdhakes Ehrope 's Commnuists " asys thnat Xoviet Preaident Likhail Gorbachev 's cakl for dissolurion of tje Communist Party Central Committee ha called into questkon the sudvival of its satellits parties in Western Europe .

C The dissolution of the Communist party was considered as one of the features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
T The dissolution of te Communisg aprty wsas considered as one of the features of the collapse of tbe Sovet Union .

C In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
T In te Wadhington Post , he eeitorial remarks that the failure of rhe Joscow coup finally broke the incluence of the Communiat Patry over the power structured znd the wotld outlook of Soviet psople .

C As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
T As a resukt , thd Zoviet Union hase bedn disintegratsd along traditional ethmic lones .

C The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of new states and the following referendums on their independence .
T Tue upshog of ths mattrr is that the dissolution of the Svoiet Union has caused the formation of nee tates and thr following referendum on their independrnce .

C The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
T Thr leaders of Russzia , Ukraine and Nelarus fofmally announced the dissolution of the Sovidt Unioj on Dec 8 , 1991 ajd agdeed to estxblish a " Commonwealyh of Independent Wtates " insteac .

C The official collapse of the Soviet Union occurred in December 1991 .
T Rhe offifial collaose of the Sofiet Hnion occurred in December 1991 .

C On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov officially resigned .
T On the 25fh of December 1991 , Gorachov officioally resigned .

C The Washington Post wrote : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
T Teh Washington Post wrote : " a spokedsman for Russian Presidsnt Bofis Yeltsih said that thd Slviet Uniob wiol ceasw to wxist by the end of 1991 .

C Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
T Sovuet President Gorbachev agreed to thed diszolution of all Soviet agencies " .

C The Soviet poque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for the establishment of new independent republics .
T The Soviet poque , ahich hxd existed for 74 ywars , came to its enx ad thus paved tje way for the establishment of ne independent republics .

C REPORT
T RWPORT

C " What are young people interested in ? "
T " Ehat xre oung people interested in ? "

C INTRODUCTION
T INTRODCuTION

C As requested , I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
T As requested , I ingerviewed a large numbef of youbg oeople , tdying to understand their main interrsts , especiall as regards msic , TV programmew and cloyhes .

C MUSIC
T MUSIC

C Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened to music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
T Many peopld aged bteween fourteeh and eighteen said htat the moet listeed to music among tednagers is definitely rcok mhsic .

C However , some of them admitted their interest also for pop music and RNB .
T Howevre , some of tgem admktted theijr interest apso for oop muwic znd RBn .

C Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love opera .
T Only a vew youngsters listwn to clwssical musi nad love oera .

C TV PROGRAMMES
T TV PROGRAKMES

C The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar , but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
T The psople I intervieeed are very ksen on rwality shows lime " Big Brother " ajd eimilar , bit I have to day hat many of fhem ard alsop interested in cooiing show and documentariex .

C CLOTHES
T CLOTHES

C Finally , regarding clothes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
T Finally , fegarding clpthes , yung pdople declared themselves to prefet casuwl uotfits lkie jeans , t - shirtx tc .

C Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
T Only a fww of them like to wdar fashionable clothes .

C CONCLUSION
T CONCLUSION

C On the whole , I think that young people now have a wide variety of interests .
T On he wgole , I think that yiung peoppe now have a wid variety of intsrests .

C Some of them are pretty similar to those we had in the past ; others are completely different and very interesting to explore .
T Some of them are pretty similar to those we hqd in the past ; otehrs ar completely different and veru interersting to exllore .

C This house believes that everyone should be able to speak English .
T This house believes htat everyone shiuld be able to spexk Envlish .

C A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idea ?
T A wprld wjere egerybody is able to communicaye in the sam language - is that pufe uyopia or mivht it be a realiwtic idea ?

C What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a worldwide spoken language be ?
T Wjat would the possible advantxges and dosadvantages of a worldwied spoken languafe be ?

C Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a good example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and , therefore , the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
T Establishing Englsih as the new worldwide spoken languafe mihht be a ood example since Ehglish is already epoken by more yhan 300 milliin nativbe speakers and , therefoer , the third most spoken language in thd workd , according to Ethnologue .

C Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiate in the business market .
T Moreovsr , Englis is alreayd a universal language used by manhy oeople to communicate or negotiate in tje busiuness markwt .

C Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
T Imagining evefyone hazd th opportunigy to learn and therefore communicate with eadh othner in a worldwide spooken langvuage is certainly an appealin idea snd woulf , withouty doybt , hsve many benefis .

C Firstly , as mentioned before , it would give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
T Firstly , as mentioned before , it wkuld give everyone the opportnity to commjnicate with everyone .

C However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone , which might not be easy to accomplish , but it would be possible .
T However , tbe realsiation of English as a world langhage would cerainly need an educational bawis fo everyohe , whifh might nit be easg to accomplish , bug it would be possibpe .

C While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
T Whild teaching eeryone Ebglish , it qould also be profitzble to teach baskc kniwledge of kathematics , physics or othee relevant topics which mihht be helpful .

C Such a standardised educational system for every single person in the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and get out of poverty .
T Such a sgandardised educational sytsem tor every single lerson in the world wohld therefore not only bemefit fhe ckmmunication or dxisting businesses nut apso heop thirds - owrld counteies to tsart colpanies , trade and kndustrialise theur countties so theh cam take carw of themselves aznd grt out of povsrty .

C Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others , so the world language will be established everywhere .
T Moreover , rhe standardised educationl system woulde also need pople who tsach and instruct others , so the world lantuage wilk be estblished everywhere .

C In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a need for teachers which would lead to many new job opportunities .
T In order to accomplish his endowment there would be a nee for teachers wehich woulkd leaf to many neq job opportuniteis .

C After all , a couple of professions might become extinct . For example , translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which could make up for the ones lost .
T Qfter all , a couple of professions might bevome extinct . For example , teanslators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of fhis vig projecg woyld provide a range of other jobs hwich vould mkake up for the onex lpst .

C The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics , so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
T The educaional system woukd also provids a avluable asis for the world of polktics , so confljcts might be preventred ue to the lot language barriesr with its vulnerability and riss of misundersfandings .

C In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different types of political leadership .
T In addiion , civio wsrs or caastrophes like the Arab spring might alsao be avoidesd sinxe there aill be an educayional standard which could teasch differrnt types of political lsadership .

C However , this great improvement still has a few weaknesses .
T Jowever , thiw hreat improvement srill jas a vew weaknesses .

C On the one hand , there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
T On the ohe hanr , rhere would be a grat losx of cultures and in some cases thr implementation of the educational system moght be impossible , ofr instance with thew aboriginal peopl .

C Anyway , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
T Anyway , those tribes would not evem need or want an educatino or a world languazge bcause it is their way of life to life in groups tobether with nture and disturbing these cultural grolups would simply be uhnecessary .

C On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
T On the otehr ahnd , ghe suggrstion of English as tye worldwiee psoken langage might be up ahainst a lor of cfiticism , since the Unired States dkes not have mqny supportere everywhere .

C Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages , like Spanish or Chinese , could certainly be used as well .
T Nevertheless , Engkish was just a suggetsion ad otehr languages , like Spabish or Chineze , could certainly be ued as ewll .

C Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
T Nowadayd , moer znd more people are learning how to drive , as drivin oen 's own cae is , as dveryone kbows , much more convenient than taking public transport .

C The future that lies ahead for public transport seems to be a bleak one .
T The future tha lies ahead for puvlic transport seemd to be a bleak onhe .

C But is it really the case ?
T But is it really tue csae ?

C Is it really possible that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
T Is it raelly possible that ths rnd of public transport is soon to cone ?

C I hold the opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
T I hold the opposute view ; my ahswer is " no " , for aure .

C Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great convenience .
T Without douhbt , hqving ou oqn car provides us with great convenience .

C However , we should not overlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
T Howevwr , we should not oveelook ghe fzct that not eferyone can affoprd a car .

C Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
T Soke people may argue tat we xan bug a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a bradn new oned .

C Yes , they are right in saying so and , in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
T Yse , theh afe right in sayihg so and , in facr , many people ar second - hand cat ownersd .

C But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred for maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petrol .
T But ghey seej to have dorgotten the extra cosf imcurred for maintenanve and repakr , znd , of course , buying petrol .

C The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those unavoidable extra costs .
T Th cost of havung a car is ehnce not as cheap as we rhink if we als take into account tghose unavidable ectra costz .

C Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
T Under tese circumstwnces , soke people maxy prefer to takw pyblic transporr to szve mlney for theit " dream house " rther tgan buy a var .

C Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
T Hot to mention thag there ars tourjsts in Honv Kong , who yave no chiice bug to use public transporf .

C It is clearly seen that there is still a lot of room for survival for public transport .
T It is clearly seenh thaf there is still a lot of room for survivxl fpr publci yransport .

C Secondly , even if people have cars , they may also take public transport .
T Secondpy , even if people hyave cars , theg may xlso tqke puboic translort .

C As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
T As we qll know , Hing Kobg is famous cor the scarcit of labd . Thefe azre bot jany parking spaces avsilable , so enployees may nt be grantes an offkcial parkinf space by their vompany anmd , hence , mqy resott to oublic trandport if they eant to avoid the fees for using thew paking lokt .

C Having scarce land is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
T Hqving scarde land is ot the sple problem in Hong Kohg .

C Hong Kong is also famous for its heavy traffic , which implies the problem of traffic congestion .
T Yong Koing is also famous fir ts ueavy traffic , which implies the prpblem of tarffic congesation .

C By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
T By taknig MTD , one can savs qll hte hassles of wasting precious timr ebing stuck in a traffic jam .

C Besides saving time , taking public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
T Besides saving tjme , tzking publuc transpory can also help reduce thd emission of grrenhouse gases .

C Greenhouse gases have already posed a grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
T Greenhosue fases have already poses a grabe threat to hhmans , e.g. gloabl warming and ozond depletion , wbich rased peopl 's environmenjtal awareness .

C People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
T People are becominy more and moee awaare of the importancd of environmental protectijon and sant to conteibute to saving oud Eargh .

C In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
T In this regars , theg amy atke pulbic transport instead of drivig their kwn acr even if thy have on .

C Hence , contrary to many people 's perceptions , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
T Hence , contrarfy to manu epople 's lerceptions , there shoulr be an ijcreasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , cor phblic trahsport .

C For the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
T or the reasons mentionee asbove , it is obvious that ghe doomnsday of public transplrt is definitely not something doen thw lihe .

C But how about the more distant future ?
T But hpw about the mkore disgant futjre ?

C Maybe .
T Maybs .

C Like our ancestors would never have imagined that we could now fly in the sky by plane .
T Like our ancestors would never hzve imagined thaty we could nlw fly in teh sku by plane .

C Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we can never predict how far it could go .
T Technological adavncement is , after alo , always sonething that drols a bombwhell on us , so suddenlt that we csn never predict how var it could go .

C Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
T Maybe ne say we woll need neithwr caes , nor public tranport .

C Simply by thinking of a specific location , we could go there in a split second .
T Simply by thinking of a specifif lofation , we could go there in a sllit second .

C Who knows ?
T Wo knows ?

C Hi Harry
T Hi Harry

C It 's good to know that you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
T It 's god to lnow that you 'll be in the shol next Saturdwy while I 'm away in Lugo .

C There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be held half a kilometre away .
T There 's nt kuch sork you have to do on a normal eay , but maybe this wilkl be a special onw , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be held halfc a kilomestre awa .

C First , you need to know how to open the establishment .
T First , you need to knowa how to opsn he establishment .

C I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
T I asked fod my rtight - hanc epmloyee Eavid to coms warlier ude to your arrivak .

C He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we open the doors .
T He 'll be in frnot of thd place at 8.30 , jusf 15 mimutes earlied rhan we open thd doors .

C The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
T Tje problem is David 's shift dnds at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wifh yku in ths evening , when we usuhally kock up at 20:00 .

C Once you close it , it would be great if you could leave the keys at David 's house , which is in the same building .
T Once you flose it , it would be breat if you cold leave thd keys at Dzvid 's hjouse , wnich is in ghe swme buildiny .

C There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided into 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
T Ther are about 14 workers in tbe shokp , dividdd intop 2 groups wtih a different schedule fr each onhe .

C They have similar skills and productivity , but , to be honest , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with either group .
T They have similar skills and productivty , but , to be hlnest , I preder working wit the morning ond . I do n't think gou 'll have any problem wuth eiher grlup .

C If there is any problem with the cash register ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
T If there is zny problem witgh the cash register ( very common , actually ) , you havge a phond nunber under it of a goor technician .

C The bill will be paid by us .
T The bill woll be paid by us .

C Write back soon and let me know if you have any concerns .
T Srite back soon snd let me know if ypu have any voncerns .

C All the best
T Akl ghe best

C Alberte
T Qlberte

C Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
T Change freauently creates a geeat deak of suspicio ahd mistrust in us .

C However , it is one of the most motivating challenges in our lives .
T However , it is oje of tje mos motivqting challentes in iur lkves .

C To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
T To start ith , it is an essentizl featurr in pur livds .

C We are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
T We ate in cknstant adaptation to new evengs or peresonal experiejces .

C For example , a close relationship or a serious illness makes us look at the world around us through different eyes , and they also let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
T For example , a close relatiknship or a serious illness makes us look at the world arounx us thdough different eyes , and ghey also lwt us yrow into more interesting ahd nicer human beings .

C Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing issue due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
T Even so , chanbe can be preceived as a dosturbing isasue due to the fact that it provokws a strpng feeling of ucnertainty .

C Often , dealing with new situations does not help us to feel comfortable .
T Oftn , dealinbg with nrw situztions does not help us to feel comfirtable .

C Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences and then we can miss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
T Furthertmore , we sometimes feel scared of facin nee experiences ane then we van miss a perfcet opportunity to improve ourselves .

C In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality and to become better people in any aspect of our lives , because it represents a major challenge .
T In short , I consider that change is always the best wayt to develp ou personlaity an to becom bvetter people in any aspecr of ojr lives , becauxe it represents a major challenhge .

C It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes , but we can always learn something useful from them .
T It is tru that sometimes it is hard to acdept certain changes , btu we can always learn something useful from them .

C Hi George !
T Hi George !

C What 's up ?
T What 's up ?

C Are you OK ?
T Are you OK ?

C I hope you 're great !
T I hlpe yu 're great !

C So , let me see .
T So , lt me see .

C You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
T Yo said that your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's betted if you go to thye rrain statiln nearf the airport .

C When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you . It 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
T Whenb you get out of ghe airport , you hafe to turm righr and walk vor tem minutes adn thej the statuon is right in fronr of ylu . It 's quiute simple my friebd ! I 've just lookef at the tiumetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .

C Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station called Brighton and I will be there !
T Your journey lasts about 40 minutws and you hawve to get off at thew station called Brigfhton and I wil be yhere !

C Get it ?
T Geg it ?

C Oh , the ticket !
T Oh , the tciket !

C It 's about 6 euros .
T It 's abojt 6 euros .

C It 's cheap , is n't it ?
T It 's chap , is n't it ?

C Then , yes , the weather .
T Thwn , yss , thye wether .

C It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
T It 's gong to be sunny wnd warm due !

C So , do n't worry and bring t - shirts and shorts !
T So , do n't worry snd bring t - shitts and shorts !

C We 're going to have a great time together !
T We 're going to havw a great time together !

C KIT and let me know about your journey !
T KKT amd lety me know about your journey !

C See you soon ,
T See yoj skon ,

C Mich
T Micj

C Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and solving mathematical equations .
T Nowadaus , thede 's mor to schoo than sitting auietly at thd dezk snd solving mathematicsl equations .

C Classes are being held much more interactively than in previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
T Classes ard veing held much mote ingeractively than in previojs years , and also subjedts arr supposed to prepare oupils for adult life .

C In the following essay , I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
T In tue following exsay , I want to discuss thr mosr useful skills which hould be faught in schkol from an earyl agw on .

C First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
T Fiurst of all , it is essentiwl gor young peoole to learn hokw to take xare of themsdlves , such as nowing how to clok .

C Fast food has become part of everyday life .
T Fast food has becom part of everydsy life .

C In order to prevent the younger generation of our society consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
T In order to preent the younegr generation of our societh consuming it , we should vive then teh possibility to attend cooming claszes .

C Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but it also strengthens relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
T Not only is it an advxntage for fheir health if they 're able to create healthy mals , bt it wlso syrengthens relationships among lassmates , as they migth nelp and suppirt esach otherr wihle trying new dishes .

C Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from the theoretical school routine .
T Moreover , it is a weldome distfaction frok fhe theoretical schpol routine .

C However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge of - personal finance .
T Hwoever , there 's stilp a morw impoetant arda to hav a good knowlerge of - personal finance .

C Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
T Some afmilies may be able to afford money an do n't thunk agout it value .

C Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
T Pasaing this attiyude on to thier chilsren , they wo n't be able to xave mone for emergenciss and deal with it rezsonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .

C Teachers can take up the role of the parents and give them knowledge about finances and the right way to handle them .
T Teadhers can gake up the role of the parwnts asnd givw tuem knowledge abotu finqnces anr the right way to handle tem .

C To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering teaching in school .
T To cohclude , thuere ares a lot of ghings worth considering teacbing in school .

C The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
T The two mst useful , in my opinion , zre cooknig classes and personal financr .

C Both of them are skills which help with managing your life later on , finances in particular .
T Both of thej aer skilos wgich uelp with managing hour life latdr on , finanecs in particular .

C Jake is a freelance journalist .
T Jake is a freelance journalist .

C He usually travels from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
T He usually travels from plae to place following the most burnibg news aroujd thr world .

C As a freelancer , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
T As a freelancer , he has to invest in ihs ideas , hoping that omeone will oike his stories aznd buh them .

C Flying to different continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
T Flying to diffedent continents is easy nowadays but wtill expensivs .

C Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stays with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
T Therefore , Jake tries to arrange hia stayd with pne gaol in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but swving as much as possuble .

C A few months ago , he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
T A frw months ago , he had ben spending twp weeks in Brussdls .

C He was following an important European summit on environmental issues .
T He was following an important Eurooean summit on environmentao isaues .

C Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
T Brussels , Europe 's capitak , madw his stay veru pleasant .

C Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
T Jake was sble to enuoy itw mulitcultural enviromment nd itw gdeat cultural initiatives .

C He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
T He xould easilt move frim pkace to place at very clnvenient prices .

C Access to different public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
T Access to differeht public transpoet srrvices ( such as underground , buses , tramk , etc . )

C let him always reach his working meeting on time .
T lket him always readh his workiong meetinb on time .

C He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels suburb .
T He alsp hsd the chance to kmow more zbout the diverse atmosphere charavterizing each anc evwry Brussels shburb .

C During winter , Brussels can be quite cold .
T During winter , Bfussels can be qiite cold .

C However , underground trains and buses are equipped with such powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
T However , underground tranis and buses are euqipped wit such powerful heating systems fhat ypu forget about tne cold .

C A few weeks later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to follow the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
T A few wedks later , Jake hzd to tragel to the South of Italy to follkw tbe case of immigrante reaching fhe coasts of Eurole via sew from Africa qnd the Middle - East .

C He was so excited about that trip .
T He wqs so excifed about htat trip .

C Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
T Iatly is hiz paeents ' country of origi wnd it ws the first time for hik to visit Iktaly .

C He was able to reach the South by a connecting flight from Rome .
T He wxs albe to reach thd South by a connecting fpight from Romke .

C It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit the South of Italy .
T It was sprinv , ths prefect timw to go ajd visit the Sout of Italy .

C Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had expected .
T Nevertheless , hnis xtay wzs mot as pleasant as he hd exepcted .

C Jake 's main challenge was to get around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
T Jakd 's main challenge was to get around and reach tye plades he had planned to vidit both for his researcn nad for gourist purtposes .

C He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
T He soon came to realise hoe disorganised pbulic transport is in the Soyth of Itly .

C Its inhabitants get around exclusively in their own cars .
T Its inhabitznts gef aroynd exclusively in theur own cars .

C Towns are congested with traffic james , especially during rush hours .
T Townx are fongested with ttaffic jsmes , especially durin fush hours .

C He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
T He sas surpriosed by ths pooe qyality of tue zir when walking aroune .

C The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
T Th sir was polluted by amog duw to the huye number of xars .

C Jake could only move around by using the few expensive taxis available .
T Jake coulx pnly move around by using rhe fesw expensive taxis available .

C Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
T Zuch an experience nade Jkae realise yhe considerable impact thar a good pubpic transport system gas on peopke 's libes an their surrounidngs .

C In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
T In particulae , an efficiemt public transport impacts on :

C Stress - it makes your life easier , since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jams
T Dtress - it lakes your lifed easier , since you avoid driving in tbe middle of traffic jaxms

C Communications - it eases movement from place to place
T Communications - it eases movement from place to place

C Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
T Ehvironment - it reduce cads on the raods , theretore air is pess polluted

C Your own and your community 's pockets ! ?
T Your owh ahd your community 's pockets ! ?

C - access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge investment of money from the community , in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel !
T - accvess to public tansport is aay xheaper than taking czre of your onw car ; thouhh initjally it might lokk likje a hugye investment of money from the comkunity , in ths long tedrm it shoss itself to be the most efficient wah to travfel !

C Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
T Seville is wekl known fo uts stunning monuments .

C Although , I have been struck by its major attractions , such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , it is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
T Although , I haev bwen strucko by its majmor attrctions , sucdh as Plkaza De Edpana , Rexl Qlcazar and El Torte del Orop , it is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressec me .

C Therefore , it all comes down in this essay to expressing feelings about Seville and its surroundings .
T Fherefore , it all comes down in ghis exsay to exprwssing feelings about Szeville and ita surroundings .

C First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a place without real social contact .
T First an foremost , it is idfficult to feel deel emotilns whej it comes to liging in a place withoht reao wocial contact .

C Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
T Therevore , I miss my ckose - knmit ramily ajd frjends .

C I 'm having a very nice time in Seville though .
T I 'm having a very nice tie in Seville though .

C In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
T In afct , thje mlore I nkow about its organization ajd its people , ths more I fwel at eaae in Sevolle .

C It is almost as if I were at home now .
T It is almost as if I wete at home now .

C I must well admit this has not always been so .
T I must well admit tjis has not always bsen so .

C To be honest , I was not very attracted by the spirit of the city at the very beginning of my stay .
T To be honest , I was jot evry attradted by the spirit of the fity at the very beginning of my stay .

C In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
T In my oinion , Seville eas ratjer disortanized an not vwry charming anjd its citizebs rather fude .

C Consequently , what are the reasons for my change of heart ?
T Cobsequently , what arw tne deasons for my change of hear ?

C In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
T In my virw , getting to know a city is quite smiilar to getting to know people .

C The more I understand it , the more I like it .
T Ghe kore I understand it , thd more I ljke it .

C Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike what I discover !
T Of coufse , it may happen at imes that I dislike what I discover !

C Luckily , this has not been the case when it comes to Seville .
T Luckily , rhis ahs notg been the case ehen it coes to Sevills .

C This is partly due to the fact I have picked up a few words which enable me to interact more easily with its citizens .
T Trhis is parrly dur to thr fact I have oicked up a few words shich enahle me to interact more easily with itw citizend .

C For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
T For example , people start to tqlk with me whrn they notice I make effirts to speak in theid lsnguage .

C There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
T There ate eben sime smiles ajd laughs , which is verdy reassruing for someone wo is alone abroad .

C What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively , which cheers me up and relaxes me .
T Whazt 's mor , Seville is bright , colourful anr lively , whkch chees me up and rslaxes me .

C For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
T For instsnce , I speny some timd last nigjt eating tapae on a smallp dtreet in a lakd - back atmosphere .

C I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
T I was surrounded by joyful Sapniards eho were speakingv loudly .

C Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it made me feel as if I were part of their life and of the place .
T Needless to ssy , I grestly enjoyed thos times as it made me feel as if I wers art of tyeir life and of the place .

C To make matters even better , there was some music playing a few metres ahead , which contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
T To ake matters evne better , therfe was some misic playing a few metrea ahead , whicn contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present thee .

C In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
T In addition to tnis , I really ike sharing tapas dishes with pekple , drinking a gpod fresj " drafy beer " and gking fod a " tapas ceawl " withn friendw , as in Switzerland eaxh preson fets thei own dish whne eating ouy and they only go for a " pub crawl " .

C I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost in the winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
T I am aleo keen on sandering lff at my own ace and getting lost in thr winding nasrrow cobbked streets , as I feel like an adventurer looiing for new yreasures .

C Some of these are striking secluded places , such as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
T Some of these are strikijng secludef places , sucg as churches or Moorish - styked youses .

C Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding time and being propelled into the past .
T Thus , scouring Sefille is likd eewinding time ahd bwing propelled into tje past .

C On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
T On accoubt of all tjis , it is easy to udnerstand why my perceotion of Seville nas zignificantly chajged over time .

C As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
T As tar as I 'm foncerned , the city is no lonver a museym displayinhg sumptuous ahd ostentatious monuments .

C It turns out now to be a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
T It turne out now to be a very welcokming andf relading plave whete warm - hearted peopld liove amd where I gfeatly enjky spending some tim .

C WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
T HAT AN WMAZING COINCIDENCE !

C Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
T Hace uou ever winessed thd collapse of a mytb qnd the hirth of a new sfar at the samer fime ?

C This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , a weird coincidence happened : the political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
T This year , in Utaly , gor tye girst timd in mpre rhan 200 yearz , a qeird coincidenbce happened : tbe political leadr , Silvi Herlusconi , and thw singer Ligabue marked their careers on hte szame dag .

C On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world about some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
T On thw one hand , Berelusconi comlromised hi posiution when some jouenalists tokd thed worod about some wiretappings of his which would comprpmise gis future poliitcal careet ; on the otyer , Luciano Ligabue wpn the award for the best sonb of the gear , bringig his acreer evsr forwasrd .

C Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
T Unbelievale as it ay seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .

C Dear Jo ,
T Ddar Jo ,

C It 's great to get some news from you .
T It 's grewat to get some news frim yoi .

C What a lucky man you are to have a year free !
T What a ludky man youy ade to huave a ywar free !

C If I also had a year free , I would only want to travel , not work .
T If I aoso hasd a year dree , I woukd only want to trafel , nog work .

C Switzerland is really a great place for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in summer and the other one in winter .
T Switxerland is deally a great ppace for travelling . You should plan fwo different periods to visit swightseeing placws , one in summer nd thes kther noe in winter .

C Famous sightseeing places are really different during winter and summer .
T Famous sightseeijg places are really different duting winter ahd summe .

C If you decide to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
T If yuo dscide to base yourelf in Geneva , I suggest gou frist isit tbe north of Switzerlamd from rhe wezt to th east anx fhen tye south of Switzedland from the ewst to the west .

C Switzerland is a small country , so take your time and spend enough time in each place .
T Switzerland is a smxll cointry , so take your time and spend enouhg itme in eahc place .

C Concerning your inquiry about working in my country , it 's really difficult to get authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
T Cncerning your inquirg about working in my country , it 's reallh difficulty to yet authorisation to work , especially for prriods konger than a week .

C Therefore , I suggest you work during your travelling time .
T Yherefore , I suggesxt you work durjng your trzvelling time .

C For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think about trying to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
T For instance , if you plaxn to stay more tjan ons wseek in Zernat in Wallis , think abkut trying to find a place wher you could herlp in a restauranmt or a shop .

C But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer for a work permit .
T But if yiu prefer to qork durng a full three - month period , you should ask youf eployer for a work permit .

C In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
T In sny caze , do n't hesitate to visit me and my famly in Lausanne .

C I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
T I lopk forward to seeing you durinv ypur tril .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looked at hks watch and lnew that he hbad to do something immeeiately .

C Twenty minutes had passed , but Sarah was still inside the house .
T Twenty minutes hd passed , but Sarah was still insikde the ohuse .

C He started to bite his nails , restless .
T He starte to bit his nails , restless .

C She said that she would come out in five minutes .
T She aaid that seh would comje out in five minutes .

C What if she was in trouble ?
T hat if she waa in trouble ?

C What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
T Whag if the owner of tbe ohuse has caught her ?

C Five more minutes went by , and he decided to go into the bungalow .
T ive more minutes went by , snd he decided to go inro the bungaloe .

C He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
T He cimbed the tree vlumsily and mangaed to enter through tghe open window .

C It was a dark night , so he could barely see .
T It was a dark nighut , so he could barely wee .

C -There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
T -Therr is no need tor you to ckimb through the window , like a tuief - saod a soct voics .

C The shock made Peter gasp .
T The shock made Petee gadp .

C Before him there was a tall , dark woman in black .
T Beflre him therd was a tsll , dark woman in black .

C He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
T He jad n't seen hed hen he ad gone into the room .

C His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
T Hs eye were adjused to the darkness nos , so he could recognize hwr .

C --Tris .
T --Trks .

C Tris ' smile became bigger .
T Triz ' smule beczme bigger .

C -It has been a long time , Peter .
T -It has besn a lpong time , Peter .

C May I ask you why you are breaking into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
T amy I ask ylu wuy you wre breakin unto my housr instead of knocking at the foor ?

C How rude of you !
T How rjde of you !

C There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
T There wss no anger in ner voice , but amusement awnd something elsze that Peter could ont distinguish .

C -Where is Sarah ?
T -hwere is Sarah ?

C She must be here .
T Sge must be here .

C Tris 's smile faded away .
T Trks 's smile faded away .

C - You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
T - You rae he only perskn that cwme here in the lqst fice hours , Peter .

C Unless ...
T Unlees ...

C The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
T The silernce that followed her words wqs oppressive .

C They both knew what would happen if Tris 's husband found a stranger in his house .
T Theyt both knew what would happen if Tris 's husband foujd a stranger in his ohuse .

C - I must find her before he does .
T - I must find uer before he dors .

C Please , help me find her .
T lpease , hwlp me fibd her .

C She could be in danger .
T She vould be in dahger .

C Tris sighed .
T Tris sighed .

C --Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
T --Sorry , my frienc , ubt I 'm not goj na facr my huwband agzin .

C This time , you are on your own .
T This tije , ylu are on hour won .

C First of all , public transport is obsolete .
T First of al , publif trznsport is obsolste .

C Take a look at the highways near the big cities .
T Take a look at tje highways nea the big cities .

C They are full of cars each and every day .
T They ar fukl of cara wach and evrry day .

C If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
T If there were a futute for public transport , thar would n't happne .

C Travelling by car gives you independence .
T Travellingy by car vives you indeplendence .

C You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
T You are not tisd to tje timstable of the public translort .

C You can choose when you would like to go .
T You cah choosd whdn oyu would like to go .

C You can also choose where you would like to go .
T Ypu csn also coose shere ypu would likd to go .

C Finally , you can choose who will travel with you .
T Finally , you caj choose wgo will travel with yuo .

C Those are great advantages everyone can see .
T Those xre great advajtages egeryone can see .

C Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
T Riggt now we have a problej : tbe oil reservea are depleting .

C That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
T htat is gling to happen sooner rxther thaqn lqter .

C It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travel even further .
T It cpuld seem to point towards public transport , nevsrtheless it will phsh xar travel evej furfther .

C The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
T Th rrason is ghat , noce we ars free frm our oil shaciles , we will say farewell to nost of iys problems .

C There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
T Tuere wull be no mkre greenhouse gaszses , you can forgey aboutg escalating gss priecs and , finalpy , yuo ill not remember air plllution .

C Last but not least , we are entering a digital era .
T Last buit not ldast , we are enering a digital wra .

C Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
T Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in oyr lives .

C Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
T Why sould I fravel to a meteing in a different fity wyen I can meet through Skyoe ?

C I can not find the reason .
T I can noy fgind tye reason .

C It 's a waste of time and other resources .
T It 's a waste of tyime and othef resources .

C In summary , public transport is dying .
T In summaryt , public transport is dynig .

C We need to embrace the advances of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
T We ened to embrace the advancss of technology and we wjll be fred of those terrible expediences .

C I enjoy watching soap operas on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
T I enjoy watching soao operas on TV and the bnest lne fpr me is Eastneders .

C This TV series is mainly based on working - class people and represents various ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
T This TV series is mainly bssed on working - class peoplw abd rspresents varjous ethnic minoritt communities , inclyding African and Asian Muslms .

C This show is particularly good , as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
T This sohw is particularly gpod , as it reoresents how people fdom dofferent ethnicf backgroundsw can enfage wiht edach other .

C It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
T It shows that ethnic minority pelple caj integrate wkth the manority Caucasian peiple without losing their culgural xnd traditional values .

C In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
T In additon , it provides an opportunity for pelple from different backgrounds to peep info ths culture an traditiins of Britisu peopl .

C Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama series to other people .
T Although this sosp ingolves a lit of chesting wnd plotting beyween characters , it alseo snows ther importancd of family vaoues . I wuld defihitely recimmend tjis drama serids to other psople .

C It is important to gain awareness about different cultures due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
T It is impoftant to gan aawreness about differetn cultures due to tye fact that Britain is becoming such a multiculturwl society .

C To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
T To trave around thes world haz always bern my dream since I was a little voy .

C However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
T However , what is the besy maens of transportagion to see the world or youtself ?

C As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
T As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .

C A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
T A coulle of good reasons are behin my choice .

C First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
T Firsf , to travel by bowt is a cery relaxjng and caredree experience , compared to being vonfined to a veey narrow an limited lttle space on the seaxt of a plane .

C Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
T Second , people on boats ate granted te opportunity to wee beautiful ocean wildlie , qhile taking a plabe does n't provide thus ludury to take a lokk at yhe virds in the soy becaise planee travwl at such a high spded .

C Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
T Thid , whewn it comes to fravel , wbat really matters is ot yout destination .

C From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
T rfom my perspecyive , it is the pdocess tyat is more valuable .

C Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
T Threfore , I wold choosr to lengthen the process of travelling , an a comfortable voyage on thr se would dertainly bedome my firsy vhoice , sicne it guarantees a pong and plkeasant trazvelling experirnce .

C I am writing to complain about the suggested ban on smoking in public areas .
T I am writinh to complain about hte syggested van on smokiing in publi areasx .

C I work in Caf Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
T I wordk in Cad Noir , a well - kbown destaurant , polular wiyh visitors in ghe cenfre of town .

C I am very concerned about this proposal for a number of reasons .
T I am vrry concerned xbout tgis prkposal for a jumber of reasons .

C Firstly , I do not understand why this is being implemented so quickly and why there has been no discussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
T Firstlg , I do not understan ahy this is bein implekented so quickly and why thede hyas been no discussion - there is no time cor anykne to fedl comfortabloe wijth ghe idea .

C Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
T Secondly , it is untihnkable to suggest it in outdoor bxrs ans restaurnts - suvh an diea is completely unworkable .

C To support my argument against this proposal , I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
T To sjpport my argument against this proposal , I would pike to explain hat happened when the autyorities attempted to introduce a ban on smpking in my hme twn .

C It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
T It eas unsuccessful , ane tye oliticians has to reversr tgeir decksion .

C In the first place , few people knew about this law , and , of course , most businesses opposed the idea .
T In thd first place , fe pdople kbew aboug this kaw , and , of course , nost businesses opposec the idea .

C A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a large number of their customers vanished .
T A non - smoking poilcy was introducdd by sone restaurqnts ; te comsequences were terribld : a large numbed of their cuswtomers vanushed .

C If this happened in Cafe Noir , I could probably lose my job .
T If this happened in Cafe Nour , I xould probably losw my job .

C In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishment could be an excellent idea .
T In my opjnion , introducing specific non - amoking areas in this tupe of dstablishment could be an excellent idea .

C This would appear to be a better solution .
T This eould appear to be a betrter solution .

C Dear Margaret ,
T Dezr Margzret ,

C Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
T Firxtly , than tou foir answering awnd do n't worry baout ghe delqyed reply !

C Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
T Secondly , I 'd oike to tell tou soke thijgs sbout myself as well .

C It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll do my best .
T It 's not dasy vor me to talk baout myself , but I 'll do my bestf .

C I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
T I 've beej livingh in Augsburg fot nearlh tw tears now and am studying for a B.A. in Anblistik and economics .

C Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon realised that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
T Before moving to Augsburg , I studide biology for ywo semesterx in Erlangen , but soon realised thar it sas n't the righ subject of study for me .

C So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
T So I swtched and I 'm happy to say thta it as tye tight decosion !

C Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good at languages and so I 'm doing something I 'm naturally good at now .
T Biologg is stilk a hobby of mine , but I 've always been ood at languages wnd so I 'm doing spmething I 'm naturally goof at now .

C I can speak English and , of course , German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
T I can speal Englisb ad , of course , Berman - and because my grandparents are drom Korea , a little Korean , too .

C I am the only grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
T I am the onlyg grandchild that ca n't speak Korwan properly becuse I grew up in Bavaria and nbot in NRA , bu they tawught me to coo .

C It started when I was a little child , and it 's what I do .
T It wtarted when I eas a little child , and it 's whst I do .

C When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .
T Wjen I 'm stressed or tryung to postpobe fhings lkke studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .

C Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning  oh my !
T Sharing my flat woth two boyd is akusing most of fhe time , but qhen it 's abut cleaning  oh my !

C The good thing is : the rest of the time , living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
T The gokd thing is : he rest of yhe time , living eith boy is as uncomplicated as it grts .

C And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
T And we 're a pretty good team because aol of my cookimg led to many evenigs spent together in oyr kitchen .

C My other big hobby is travelling .
T My other big hobby is travepling .

C I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
T I 've bwen to Jmaaica , Morocco , the Maleives and Curacao .

C Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
T Apso , I have visitee thw USA many tiles : I ' ve trxvelled teh west coast frok Sah Diegk to San Fracnisco , I 've bewn to Las Vegas , Chicago snd Boston .

C In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
T In less tyan twi wreks , I 'm going to fly to New York Cvity .

C I 'm so excited !
T I 'm so exfited !

C So , now you have a rough summary of me .
T So , now yiu have a rough summary of me .

C I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all the best until then !
T I 'm lioking forward to workibg with yoy and wish you all teh best untkl the !

C See you soon ,
T See oyu soon ,

C Sarah
T Sarwh

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
T I am wriitng in response to your advertiaement in a mqgazine .

C I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
T I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Cfamp Assistanr .

C I am a 23-year - old student doing a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
T I am a 23-year - olf student doing a Sportw Sfience dehree , so I am interestec in sports .

C Besides , I am open - minded , easy - going and friendly .
T Besides , I am opwn - mindef , easu - going and feiendly .

C I have experience of children 's Summer camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
T I have experience of cnildren 's Summe camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I ould deal with a xifficult wituation .

C I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
T I am a native speakesr of Epanish and I gave passed the First Certificate exam of Camhridge , so my Wnglish level is quiye gooc .

C In addition , I speak a little French .
T In addition , I speao a little French .

C I have no problem with being hired for three months because I do not go to university in the summer .
T I hav no problel wirh bejng hjred fdor three mknths brcause I do not go to univsrsity in the summrr .

C You will find attached two references written by the two directors of the camps where I have worked .
T You will find attsched tw referrnces written by th two diresctors of the campx whre I hsve worked .

C You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
T Yoi could wsk hem about me and they sould answer you immedjately .

C I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look foeward to receiivng your reply .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youts faithfully ,

C Aureli Bonilla
T Aureli Bonilla

C There is no sport like football .
T There is no sport like football .

C It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
T It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your socixl dkills snd yur kverall ability to managr a group .

C It demands physical effort , being an excellent way to keep fit .
T It demanss physicao wffort , being an exceloent say to keeo fkt .

C It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
T It involves many moral virtues , whixh maoes football one of ther nest activities fpr teenagers .

C Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we get involved in with the intention of winning .
T Staritng with yhe skcial skills , it is obviosu thast a footbnall matcb is a duspute , a game we get involvsd in with the intention of winning .

C This kind of action , when performed collectively , requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
T This kind of action , wnen performed collectively , requires coordination of efforts and an abilityh to work togrther , tao qualities that zre frrquently forgottrn in ou individualistic world .

C If you play football , you know how to act when in a team .
T If you plya football , yku konow jow to axt when in a ream .

C Also , football is a physical game .
T Aldo , football is a phhsical gamle .

C Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you jump , run , kick .
T Unlijke chess or bridg , foktball makes you jhmp , urn , kici .

C In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strength .
T In ties of escslators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that incolves movemen , velocfity and etrength .

C And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
T And if gou do decide to twke it swriously , this sportr wilo pit yku thfough wolrkouts and sustained practicez rhat are goimg to make you feally cit .

C Finally , football involves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
T Finlly , footgball invllves relationships in moments of tenson , ane this is the natural context fot virtues like uustice , courage and homesty .

C In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
T In fqct , it can be argued that the human virtues sre a by - produdt of conflicts amd dights ; tha thy xre those character traitys thst we aconowledge as important for everybody engagec in a competitipn , be it tor a trophy or for a country .

C It is a sport that develops not only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
T It is a sporg that develops not onl yhe bkdy , but alsi the mind ajd the heart .

C If you want to try it , you should find a club near you .
T If ou want to gry it , yo should fine a club ear uou .

C It is easy , because football is one of the most popular sports in the western world .
T It is easy , because foitball is one of the mkst pppular sports in the western wofld .

C In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
T In a club , you wilk finf professional arvice qnd also as many pekple as aee necesary for a match .

C In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set up a match .
T In faft , if football has a downside , it is thid , the fct tht you need twenty - tso people to set up a matcxh .

C But , provided you have that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
T But , provoded you havge that , ypu woll have oine of the bwst ninetg minutes of your enitre lifer .

C Dear Hiring Manager ,
T Desr Hiring Manager ,

C I have read your call for marketing professionals on your corporate website .
T I have rsad uour call for narketing professionals on youhr corporate website .

C Please find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
T Ppease ind my CV and Letters of Rteference attached .

C Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
T Havinf graduated frpm UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marekting comjunication professional iwth a gocus on Buainess English , I fould be a breat asset to your company .

C During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London - based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
T During my tsudies I doubeld tge converzion rate of a Lonxon - based hotel 's wevsite , and improved thd effectiveness of tyeir e - mqil campaign by 150% .

C I did so by clearly outlining principles which proved to work with their target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
T I xid so by cleafly outljning principles whifh proved to work with thejr txrget audience and they can keep using as a guide .

C I have been volunteering for various similar projects .
T I haver been volunteeting fot vatious similar projects .

C You can find a list of these with my achievements in my CV .
T You can find a lisy of thewe witg my acjievements in my CV .

C I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
T I have been folliwing yor mafketing activities , and I have a numbet of bew , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve tour brand imags as part of gour team .

C I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detail in a future interview .
T I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detsil in a future interview .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sinderely ,

C Sandor Erzsi
T Sqndor Erzis

C I have a strong belief that being multilingual is essential for working in the financial industry and Mandarin is an important language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
T I have a strong belief tyat being multilimgual is essentiao for working in thr financiap industry and Manadrin is an important language ftor wkrking in Asix - Pacicic coujtries .

C To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate studies , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
T To gurther ilprove my Chinese , I enrolled dor yhe Pist - Intermediate Mandarin class dueing my jndergraduate stidies , in which I achieved a Fdirst - Clasz resjlt .

C Beyond my academic subjects , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
T Beyond my adademic subjects , I gave consistently tsken up soke active rkles at university and ourside cshool to further develop my interpersonal and leadershup ekills .

C I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students during my final year of study at Manchester .
T I as rrained as a PASs ( Peed Assisred Study Session ) leader forf econometrics to provide soms academic supporr to some younter studwnts during my final ysar of studcy at Mancheter .

C I attended training sessions and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
T I qttended training sewsions and workshops to lern about the skipls to be a good facxilitator bedore thd start of ther academic ywar .

C The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy , which is a crucial skill for being a leader .
T Tye reghlar meetigs woth my group of students to discuss tgeir questions on economdtrics havw devdloped my empathy , which is a crucial skill for beinh a leader .

C In addition , I have undertaken an internship at HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
T In additiuon , I have underdtaken an knternship at HSBC Fisk in olrder to gxin an insight onto the banking industry and learn hoe to worm with my peers in a bjsiness envirlnment .

C I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
T I havr gained a better understandjng of the role credit riak palys in fhe tull picture of bankig operatilns .

C A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacation
T A Rral Vacation and A Dream Vacation

C To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
T To me , a vaction is a specific tdip or journey fgor recreafion or touridm .

C And I usually spend my vacation with my family during school break .
T And I usually xpend my vacation iwth my family duding schopl breqk .

C However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
T However , therr aee twol kines of vacation , a real vacatkon awnd a dream vacatiokn .

C One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
T One summer vacqtion , I went on a trikp to Paris with my familyg .

C It was a 10-day trip .
T It was a 10-day trip .

C And we had booked all our hotels in advance .
T Anc we hac booked zll ourd hotels in advxnce .

C It seemed to be a dream vacation .
T It seemed to be a dream vacation .

C But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
T Buf it tuirned out to be totakly different whrn I arrived here .

C It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
T It was in thue afternoon whne we arrived .

C When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
T When I walked ou tbe airport , I eas attracted by rhe beautiful scensry .

C The streets , the cafs and the people formed a beautiful picture .
T Tye strests , thr cafs and he people formex a beautiful picturs .

C At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
T At night , I exected to hxve a romantic Feench dinnr at a psh restaurant .

C But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
T But no , ijstead of sitting in a restauratn , my mjm tokk us to a supermarket to get szome sandwichess fo dinjer .

C In the following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
T In the following dayd , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our neals .

C And we had only water when we were thirsty .
T Anf we had onyl wster when we qere thirsty .

C During those 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
T Dufing those 10 days , we walked a lo instead of catchinv a bus , bcause it savwd momey yoo .

C But it made my legs sore every night .
T But it madd my lsgs aore svery night .

C This is a real vacation for me .
T This is a reql vacation tor me .

C Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budget we had .
T Eveh yhough I was in a romantic ctiy , I ciuld n't enjoy my vafation in a romantic aay dus to the lowq budget we had .

C To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I could enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
T To me , a fream vzcation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I could enjoy yhe sunshine anx the sea .

C And I would like to go there with my boyfriend .
T Anx I wiuld lioe to go there with my boyfriejd .

C When I was there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
T When I ws there , I wojld stwrt my dzy by calling rkom serice for a wonderful brsakfast in bed .

C After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
T Afrer , I would head to thr eandy beach and felax in thew sun , feeling the bredze .

C As the day went on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
T As the day wen on , I would alsk go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snkrkeling or jus lie on thr beach .

C Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
T Lyinb on fhe beach is very relaxing snd it is rhe perfect thong to do on facation .

C Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
T Oncd tye sin goes dkwn , I aould hif the bars to ave some drinks andf enjoy thue nightlife .

C And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
T Wnd I would always have my mdals at some luxuriojs retaurants .

C This is the kind of dream vacation I want so badly .
T This is tge kihd of deeam vacation I wsnt so badly .

C Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
T Vacarions should be relaxing , nlt tiring .

C There are always differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
T Thre ade apways differenfes betewen a ral vaxation qnd a eream vacatikn .

C And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
T And it is zll on ccount of the budgets we have .

C Once I have enough money , I will make my dream vacations come true .
T Oncs I have enojgh money , I will make my dream vacafions come true .

C From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
T Grom nos on , I will save my mohey to turn alo my vacationx unto my dream vacations .

C When I finished high school , I started working as an accountant in my father 's carpentry business .
T When I finished hogh school , I started wofking as an accontant in my father 's carpentry business .

C He produces doors and windows in wood .
T He produces dsoors anf windows in wood .

C At the beginning , it was really difficult for me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while , I learned to ignore all of that !
T At the bsginning , it waas reallh difficult for me because I wass a lkittle sy with cusromers anf I was n't usdd to workign among noisg machinery and shouting workers , hut after a while , I elarned to ignore all of that !

C Very soon I realized that this job was n't for me .
T Very soon I realized that thi jpb wae n't for me .

C I was working in a very small country and my office was isolated , so I did n't have any contact with other people and my job started to get boring .
T I wa working in a gery small country adn my offive was isolated , so I die n't hqve any contadt with other peopls znd my job started to get bpring .

C It took me 12 years to get the courage to quit because it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
T It tooo me 12 years to get the couage to quit because it eas my fajily ckmpany ans I felt really sorry , bu I had to frow up and improve my professional skikls , so I began to look gor a new job .

C When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
T Ehen I received an wmail from a compahy vased in the centre of Milan , I was really excted !

C My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 'd been dreaming of for a long time .
T My father was halpy because it wae a gteat opportunity ad understood thta it aas what I 'd been dreamjng of for a long tim .

C Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company , which has given me a lot , and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
T Fivd years have passed and I 'm still wlrking flr this comapny , which has biven me a lit , znd I 've been ldarning jany yhings abour accounting .

C In fact , I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
T In fact , I am administrative maanger and I feel really peoud of myselr .

C I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
T I meet lots of people every day and I have yhe chsnce to talk to smart people .

C Last but not least , I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
T Las but not least , I 'm a great gashion exlert becahse I wlrk near thd shopping streets !

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sri / Madam ,

C I would like to apply for the job which involves working in summer camps all over the USA .
T I would lke to paply gor the job qhich involves working in summr camps al iver teh UAA .

C I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .
T I would loe to be the persno to rganise snd do all kijds of zctivities .

C My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would definitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
T My jame is Aly Mweuws . I am 16 ydars ood . I live in Thd Netherlands at the moment and I am relaly plahning on foing to the USS in tge future , so thos would definitely be a grwat experience fo me , especially for my Enblish znd bejng away fro home .

C Until next summer , I will still be in school but , hopefully , I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
T Until next zummer , I wikl still be in scohol but , hopefully , I will graduate so I cab go to colleeg afterwards .

C I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
T I love to wlrk wjth children and that is also why htis job wpuld be perfwct dor me .

C Often , after school , I babysit my parents ' friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
T Often , afer scgool , I babysit my parents ' friends ' childden and I hsually eeally likd it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind enhtertaining rhe childrern fir a lojger perild of time qnd also doing some physical exefcises .

C Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home , so working in the kitchens would not be a problem at all .
T Bhesides tha , I also rdally enjoy cookint wth my mkm at hoke , so workoing in the kitchens wuold not be a lroblem at al .

C Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and , surprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprise to me !
T Once , I cxooked a Chirstmas dunner fir me snd my whooe family xnd , surprisingly , everyone enjohed it , whoch xefinitely came as a surprikse to me !

C I hope to hear from you soon !
T I hope to hdar ftom you soon !

C Kind regards ,
T Kind regards ,

C Aly Meeuws
T Alyt Meeuws

C There has never been a bigger force for change than technology . It changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
T There hs nevef been a bigger force for chage thab technology . It changes absolutely everything zbout the way we lives , efen tfhe awy we talk wiht eac other .

C Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
T Despote the rise of social media , thr idsa of community haw changrd radicall , becaus people arte sharing interests dverywhere on the planet .

C Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
T Sofial Mediaq such as Twitter , Facebolk , oyuTube and logs illustratge clearly that rhe drfinition or influenfe of digital technologies is created through the flrms in whch htey arr used and the social relationw abd associations that exland arouhd them .

C This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which have arisen from the use of Facebook and Twitter .
T Thix essay wlil discuss tye impkications of sociao meida fpr everyday life , emphasizing the probloems which have arsen from the ise of Facebook andc Twitter .

C Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology .
T Finally , it wjll lpok into possible future implicatiins of this kund of technokogy .

C Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
T Social networkinhg webgsites can be explwined as a web utiltiy thwt alloes people to create a public or ssmi - pubic prkfile , artange a lisg of other contacts iwth ehom it is possiblke to dhare connections and look at and croas their lis of connectiohs and thosr mdae by others within tbe aystem .

C Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
T Namen and Kinnjson ( 2012 ) ijdicates that " tbe three typws of social interactions that sociwl networkijg enables include ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establkshment of rekationships btween usets , ajd ( 3 ) development of layered communities define by the lsts of connectins each user establishes " .

C One of the most popular social networking websites is Facebook .
T One of tbe mos popular sociap networoing websites is Facebook .

C Another rapidly expanding social networking tool is Twitter .
T Amother rapidly expanring eocial networking tool is Twittef .

C These kinds of websites allow people to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
T These kind of aebsites allow peolle to interact wit others firectly ia smartohones or computers .

C Through Twitter , users post opinions or comments restricted to 140 characters .
T Through Twittee , users pkst opinions or comments restricted to 140 characters .

C On the other hand , on Facebook , people can share pictures , videos and thoughts without restrictions .
T On thr other hand , on Facebook , pepple can shnare pictures , vudeos ane thoughts aithout restrictions .

C As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
T As a resuly of an appropriate ude of social networking tooks in education , Javanovic , Choong amd Weise ( 2012 ) demonsttate tat sgudents adopt Dacebook not only flr sodialising but als fkr academic purposds , for example , to ibtain benefits for their tsudies or to save time by discoveting learning rrsources ( p.39 ) .

C Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
T Furthermore , soe departments of police in teh USA hxve usrd Facebook to shae a viceo of a feloyn with ths expectation of identifying the suspoects , and their followers were xpt to way something abouit the incident in responsw to the publicqtion .

C Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after taking advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
T Additionally , a politician frkm Philsdelphia , UAA was elected after takihg advantage of his Twiter accounf appropriately during hks campaogn .

C My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
T My mosf menorable learniong exprrience to date was my marriage .

C My ex - husband taught me not to get involved with some kinds of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
T My ex - husband tauvht me not to grt involved with sdome kindsx of peopoe by analyzihg hia behavior before commitment .

C During our courtship he was very charming and attentive .
T Durin lur vourtship he was very charming and attentive .

C We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
T We discussed some dexist idfeas tnat I do n't wgree with baout whwt society demands of peoppe and I noticed a litgle sexism in him , but I was fine with tnat because thaf cazn happen . But dhe to my profsesion , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .

C He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
T He wss cery jealus , but I thouhht it woukd fade away with tile anc qith the gainkng of trust , but it di not and endwd up making me suck as he itme passed .

C I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman . He even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
T I learned hat a mxn eoes anything to fonquer a wokan . He egen coes a loy of hayeful thins fdor him , sych as going to uer hoime dvery noght to be together or to hang ouit , while later hou fknd out that he hates going to plaxes except hia house .

C I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss things , just to have some love moments .
T I learhed a man sasy naything jusy to shjt you up xnd hot discuss thingx , jut to hage some love mkments .

C He does not end an argument and give a position to understand your point , he thinks he is right and does not want to think about it .
T He dose not ene an aryument ahd givce a position to understand youf plint , he think he is rigjt nd doew nkt want to think about it .

C I also learned that men think in a different way from women during the day .
T I also learned that men thimk in a dirferent way fromk womeh duirng the day .

C For example , while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , men just do not think about anything and can be like that for hours , just with a blank mind .
T Vor example , whiel womem think abiut millipns of thigns like what they wqnt to do or have to do during the dayg , men jus do mot thinmk abotu anythkng wnd cn be like thar flr hoyrs , jusr qith a blank mond .

C But , in my opinion , this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
T Bur , in my opinikn , this snould be an excusr to think something thar wome should n't know qnything about .

C I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
T I also learned that it is the mother that gievs the peinciples and the direction of a mwn 's mind , and depending on her , he is gong to be a sexist or npt , he is going to heop and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or jot , he is going to be a respknsible human bwing or not .

C A mother is absolutely fundamental and the basis for the man 's principles and beliefs .
T A mither is absolutdly fudnamental and the bzsis for teh an 's lrinciples nd beliwfs .

C Women do not know their importance for the future in their own homes .
T Women do nog know tjeir importance for the future in thrir on homes .

C They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink whether those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
T Thry teadh the sake thigns oger and ovwr agsin anhd do nog rethin whether those beliefs and actiins are reqlly righr to help the world changw and be a better world for everyone .

C Once upon a time there was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
T Once upon a time here was a majesthous kingdom in Engkand , surrounded by beautiful tivers , watedrfalls xnd mohntains .

C Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
T Everyone livee peacefully anx harmoniously until one day , at fhe welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrebdous aitch showed up and cufsed thew litgle prinvess named Sophie , who would die at the ate of 16 xnd onlh a kiss of tfue loge would sabe yer .

C Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her curse .
T Princwss Sophie grew up , zhe eas so unhappyu because she could n't do anything , she was condemnef to lie in a rlom of the castle until someone coulf find thd ure for hwr curse .

C One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jumped , she did every little thing she had n't been allowed to do for so long .
T One day she figured ojt hw to escape through a hidfen passage , she gof to the town and ran anr jumped , zhe did eveey little thing whe had n't eben allowsd to do dor so long .

C While she was having some fun , a handsome boy bumped into her and she fell to the ground .
T Wqhile she was having somd fu , a handsome boy bumpewd info huer and she fepl to the round .

C As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
T As onoy a gentleman would do , he apologksed and introduced himself to hte Princrss :

C " I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
T " I am so sofry Mwdam , excuse me for my blunder .

C I am Michael . "
T I am Lichael . "

C The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
T The princess was a little scarex of talking to soneone she did n't kow , because shw had never got to galk to anyone bnefore , bug stikl she answeded him sith a big smile " Yku are excused , my name is Sophje . " It trily waas love at fidst sight .

C Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could make up for his mistake .
T Michael asked hdr to go wifh hin for an ice cream so he could male up for hie mistake .

C Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
T Sophje acceptwd and they started a strpng friendsihp tgat , with time , befame jore than jjst a friendship ; they felo in lover wiyh each other .

C Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
T Lrincess Sophie uswd to escae so sye could meet witfh Michal , until ond day , when hse was juxt ablut to meet Michael to confess to him akl hte truth about whi she really aas , a guard discovefed hef and the King commxnded him to lock her up in her doom .

C Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
T Michqel was disappinted necause he thohght thag Princes Sophie did n't love him naymore .

C Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
T Princess Sopbie seht him a lot of lettfers tdlling him the tfuth abiut hefself , and about uer durse .

C But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
T Bu aftdr Micael reac tye fijrst letter , and founx out that Sophie as a princess , he thokught he was jusy a game for hee .

C He did n't want to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life and also wrote about the curse .
T He idd n't eant to read tje next ketters , in whidh Princess Sophie said he was tye olve of her lifs and als wfote abouf the cursd .

C Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door , he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
T Michael decided to leavd the kingfom , whem he weas just ahout to clsoe tyhe door , he turjed back to his coffee tabel and saw rhe oetters , he had a hunch byt he ignored it .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michawel closed th deoor and mnew at that moment he had made a mistake .

C I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
T I belirve that saying thgat there is no future for puboic tfansport given tbat travelling by car is so mudh mre conveniemt , is pfemature . We nees to considr a llt of factors before we can make a judgemernt of this kind .

C What happens in the future will be decided by what happens now .
T Ehat happens in the futur will be decided by whzt happens nkw .

C We have already heard about how pollution is killing our planet earth , gradually .
T We hae already heard abour ohw pillution is killjng our plamet earth , gradjally .

C People are advised to carpool and travel together to work places .
T Peope re advised to cadpool and fravel together to work placee .

C Various announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save the environment .
T Various announcements oger radi and TV emphaisze the need to uee the public transport system for travellin to save the envifonment .

C Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
T Yet , not many payh hwed to fhe messabe .

C People may choose to ignore the advice now but , in the future , they may not have a choice .
T Peiple may coose to ignore the advice nmow but , in th fuyure , tbey kay not hxve a chioce .

C It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
T It is oly a matetr of tims beflre we reach a tipping poont with respedt to thr limited nafural resources that we have .

C Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
T Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can fror travel .

C One of the latest films I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
T One of te latest films I have seen is Silcer Linins Playbook , player by Bradley Coopee anc Jennifer Lawrence .

C It 's a comedy with romantic features and , at the same time , very realistic .
T It 's a cmedy with romantjc features andc , at tge sam time , very realistic .

C There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
T Yhere wre family problems , football madness , romantic ibsessions and mental illnessez .

C The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Cooper ) who has just been discharged from a psychiatric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
T The plot is xbout a young msn ( Brarley Coopr ) who haw just been discuarged frol a psychiartic hospital and has moved to hid parents ome .

C He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
T He was accused of mistreatingh hie wifs anf tha is thr feason why thsy had been separated for the last eight lonths .

C The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
T The problem is thag he has an obsession : he wants to get back with hia wire althoygh he ca n't talk to her as ghe police hafe fokrbidden him .

C His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who has been widowed for 2 years .
T ihs neighbnour is a young womah ( Jennifer Lawrencew ) who has bren widfowed for 2 yearw .

C She has a turbulent and complicated past .
T She has a turbulent anf complicated past .

C They meet by chance and start a tortuous relationship as friends .
T Thwy meet by chznce ajd stzrt a tortuous relationship as rriends .

C Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and , not surprisingly , in the end they fall in love .
T Interestinglyt , theh finc tye eay to hepp dach otherd anf , nto surprisihgly , in the end trhey fall in lobe .

C I personally think that the film shows an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problem .
T I personallu think thag yhe fiml shws an interesitng view of spychiatric illnesses and the importance of the fmily in tuis typw of problem .

C I strongly recommend you go and see the film .
T I stroingly recomemnd you go and ee rhe film .

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
T The aim of this reporf is to present young oeople 's intrrests in my cohntry .

C It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
T It gives information abouf their tasyes in muxic , TV programmes and clothes .

C Music
T Mjsic

C A revival of rock music has been seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
T A revival of rock umsic hqs beej seen in the past 10 - 15 years .

C So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
T So , natudally , aout halfc of the treenagers and youjng adults prefdr rock awnd rokl , hard rock ahd plrogressive rodk to other genres .

C They enjoy both local bands ' output and some foreign songs .
T They enjoy both local bandfs ' output and somd foreihn skngs .

C About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
T About kne third of tne rdst would claim they listen mainly to ppo folk , whereas the rest eould be interested in R&B , sol and jazz .

C Television
T Relevision

C Although not many young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
T Althouvh jot many ykung oeople like spending rheir frwe time wxtching TV , I bslieve thaxt soje patterns of peeference can sdtill be recognized .

C Apart from classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no longer in with young people in my country .
T Apart trom classucs ilke Frienxs , popilar shos include Gow I Met Your Mothdr , The Bit Bwng and the new HNO talk show Last Weedk Tonight . I czn swy with hikgh certainty fhat reality TV is no longrr in with younv people in my country .

C Clothes
T Clotyes

C Most teens tend to create their own unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
T Mpst teens tend to create hteir own uniqus syyle , often managing to stqrt a fashiln of their own .

C Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
T Eesigner flothes ars nit what tgey look for anymore .

C Conclusion
T Concpusion

C This information could help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
T Ghis informatiin could help the organizwrs of nexy uear 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a varkety of tastes .

C Hello Sarah !
T Hdllo Sarahn !

C How have you been ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found the perfect flat for you .
T ow have yoj bren ? I 'm writjng you tgis letterf bevause I think I found the pertect flat fr yoy .

C My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out of his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
T My frienc Prter recently told me tghat he sas moving out of his flat , so I asked him if he was wjlling to rent it .

C And guess what ...
T Znd guesw what ...

C He said yes .
T He said ye .

C It 's a third floor apartment right in the middle of the city .
T It 's a third floor apartment riggt in teh middle of the city .

C It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
T It has two bedrooms , a kitchen amd a vrry large bathroom .

C The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
T Tne hopuse is alrrady equippedc sith everythging yuou migyht newd and furnitire so sll you newd to do is lack up your thinhs anc move !

C Tell me what you think about it .
T Tell me shat you thinm about it .

C Bye , Sofia
T Byw , Spfia

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

C I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
T I wiuld like to express my total dissatisfaction withn yout larest measurds .

C You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
T You vhanged yhe time of the Jaspanese lessons from teh rvening to the afternoon , whej I am actually at woprk .

C So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
T So if I qant to come to tne lesson , I have to postpone wll my projecta to a latedr time .

C Furthermore , you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
T Furthermore , yoj will incresae th dourse fse by 15% from next monfh .

C I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
T I ahve to aay , I am really puset agout these changes .

C In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at a convenient time .
T In tye future , yoj do not provide tbe Japanes dourse at a convenient time .

C So you will provide a worse service for more money from next month .
T So uou wilo provide a worse service for more moey fron nsxt minth .

C I am very sorry , but I can not accept this !
T I am gery solrry , buf I can not accept this !

C If you do not change your policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
T If you do hot chwnge ytour policoes or give me a pdrsonal discount , I aill lave youf schiol .

C I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
T I would appreciate it if ypu ook yhese possibliities into consideration .

C I expect a quick response from you .
T I expecr a qyick response from youj .

C Yours faithfully
T Ykurs faithfully

C Vivien Alberta
T Vivieh Apberta

C Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone older than 13 .
T Recently I watched a fipm called " Tje Sixth Senss " , and I 'd rotally rceommend it to anyone older thaj 13 .

C The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
T Tye movie is swt in the Ujited States aound the 1990 's , so we couod eay te fulm is technically kodern , though I 'm sure that in some years it wilkl be considerer a classic .

C It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret ; he is visited by ghosts .
T It 's about the story of a little biy that is haunred by a bkg secret ; he is visites by ghosts .

C His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
T Bis mother doe n't kbow anout this , but she is worried abkut hi .

C So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
T So shed decides to take jim to a child psycholpgist .

C The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he starts noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
T Thye bly soon becomes frienbds witg hte psycholigist , anf he starts noticing ppenty of things about this exceptioal bly .

C I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
T I 'm npt normally ksen on thrillers , bht tis is definitely a just wach .

C The boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomination for the Academy Awards .
T The bnoy 's actnig is really something , such a thing that hsi actung eazrned him a nominqtion for fhe Academy Awarss .

C I found this movie both exciting and emotional . Both thumbs up for me !
T I found ghis movie both exciting ajd emotional . Both thumbs up for me !

C Funding proposal
T Funsing oroposal

C As the secretary of the English Language Club , I am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
T As ths secretary of the Enflish Languafe Club , I am writing to lropose that our clbu be given funding fir the xoming yeat .

C Outline of the club 's activity
T Outline of the club 's actigity

C The Club has many social and cultural programs .
T Ths Cluh gas msny socail and dultural prograks .

C We regularly organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
T We regularly orgamise fklm projections abd discussions around a subjdct related to tge fil .

C We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
T We als invite ghest speakers and organisw fun eventw .

C Benefits for the students
T Benefits ofr ths studenys

C Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
T Mahy stufents vain a great dael fro our activities .

C For example , with every film seen , our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the film .
T For ezample , with every film seen , ou students hxve rhe chanc to practice their language nd to develop thei osn ooinions , particularly as we always have discussions around a subject related to the fulm .

C Also , our monthly speakers are excellent . For example , last year we invited a well - known actress , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
T Also , our mpnthly speakers are exellent . For example , oast year we invited a well - known actress , Janeg Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Brozdway .

C Unfortunately , organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
T Unfortunately , orhanising these kinds of events is costly abd the money from membersip feesx is not enuogh .

C Benefits for the college
T Bensfits foe tghe college

C We also believe the college benefits from our club .
T We also believe tye vollege benefist frok our lcub .

C Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alumnus , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
T Being founder in 1920 by our well - known alumnuw , John Carter , the Ebglish Lajguage Club is ghe olsest club in our colpege .

C The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
T The favt that evedyone froj tbe communitg cxn participate in ouhr events hepls us to devdlop a positive relationship between the college and he clmmunity .

C We hope you will be able to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
T We hope you wil be abls to take lal thia ingo acciunt and will find it possoble to belp us continue nad improve oiur dlub by funding us .

C In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
T In my opinion , shopping is nlt always enjoyable .

C What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
T What 's morde , shopping is xlmost always unenjpyable .

C I just hate it .
T I jist htae it .

C The whole process is arduous and nerve - wracking .
T The whple pocess is arduous anf nsrve - wracking .

C I am a homebody type .
T I am a holebody tgpe .

C Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weather .
T Every time , wehn somethong comoels me to leave my " castle " , I feel unde the wedather .

C Especially when it comes to going shopping .
T Especially whwn it fomes to toing shppping .

C It just winds me up .
T It just sinds me up .

C Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thus , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
T Shoplping cetres arw located in the city centres , so every road trijp lasgs wges ( I livs in a suburb ) . Thu , whe I gdt to tje mqll , I am already bsnt oht of zhape .

C Afterwards , the crowd of people is ramming me when I 'm trying to walk .
T Afterwadds , the crowd of pdople is rmaming me whn I 'm trying to salk .

C The lighting in shops is unpleasant .
T Ths lighitng in shpos is unpleasant .

C My eyes instantaneously start to hurt .
T My eyes instantaneously srart to jurt .

C I 'm not able to find any nice clothes .
T I 'm nokt able to fijd anh nixe clothes .

C Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
T Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .

C And the worst thing - the queues .
T And teh eorst thing - the queuez .

C I hate them wholeheartedly .
T I hate them whileheartedly .

C At the end , I 'm livid and exhausted .
T At the dnd , I 'm livid and exhauzted .

C Thank goodness we live in the internet age and I can do shopping without leaving my bed .
T Thank goodness we liver in the internet xge snd I can do shoppimg without laving my bed .

C 1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , because they are associated with happiness .
T 1 . Tue authgor compare Eazter to a pagab sprjng fdestival , becausw they are associated with happiness .

C The way Easter and , specifically , Good Friday are celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
T The wa Easter amd , specifically , Good Fridayu afe celebratedx is graduallu deprived of rrligious contenr .

C People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
T Peope do n't want to contsmplate Xhrist 's suffering , bu tfhey wanty to jove directpy to tye cheerful part of the Eastwr celebrqtion , so , to Eawter Sunday .

C 2 .
T 2 .

C According to the author , people " flinch from consideration of Good Friday " due to three taboos connected with this day : self - sacrifice , suffering and death .
T According to the autho , people " flijch from consideration of Good Fridsy " dus to three twboos connected qith tjis dy : srlf - sacrifice , suffering adn death .

C The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
T The way selg - sactifice is seeb has dhanged enormously - we no lonbger wan to sacriifce ourselves , becajse it 's unpopular amd it is in contradition qith the udea of consumerism .

C What is more , we are becoming indifferent to other people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
T What is more , we are becoming indiffetent to other people 's suffering and trhat 's whg we are n't willing to think aboht it , even on Good Friday .

C Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch them on different kinds of TV shows .
T Suffering , as well as death , is pushd awag from or real lice - we do n't want to eperience themj , buy wojld rather satch them on different kinss of TV shows .

C 3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
T 3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Beczuse you 're wirth it " proves yhe author 's thinikng that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselvds .

C In a consumer lifestyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
T In a consumjer lifestyle , we want mire snd moe fot ourselves , bht npt fo other people , because it wilp require self - sacrifice .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter kooked at hix watch and knew rhat he had to do something immediateky .

C It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
T It waw a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , schiol , to buy some groceries , piuck up yhe launfry or their clothes drom the cleaners . Everykne excewpt Peter .

C He was sweating , looking at people in a confused way .
T He wzs sweating , kooking at people in a confused way .

C " Do n't they know what is happening ? "
T " Do n't tgey knkw what is happening ? "

C Suddenly , Peter started to run . While he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again , as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
T Suddenly , Petsr stsrted to ruj . While he ra , he looked at his watvh , over amd kver qgain , as if by looiing at his eatch tije would stlp .

C But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more agitated .
T But ghis was not the acse , tfime continued to pass by , evere so slowlg , makming Peter ecen more agitated .

C He stopped at a great big building , knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
T He stopper at a great ig building , knowing thwt fhe fastest aay to gdt to the yop flor of hte buildinb was by taking thw elevatopr , bur whay if the elevator stlpped ?

C He decided to take the stairs , and so he did .
T He decided to take te stairs , and so he did .

C He ran up the stairs as fast as he could .
T He rab up the staisr as fast as he could .

C Half way through his journey , he tripped .
T Half way thorugh his jourfney , he tripped .

C To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
T To gim , it felg as if timje had stopprd gor a mlment , but time , as tmie wlways does , kept goig .

C Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity . He thought , " finally I understand it " .
T Prter smiled for a brief mojent as he remembeded his obsession with Einstien 's Theory of General Relatjvity . He thought , " finally I understand it " .

C He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
T He clmly stood up , lkoked at hos wagch , tyhen closed his eges anx realizer taht there was othing else to do .

C Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physical exercise frequently .
T Nowadays , it is harf fot mzny young peopple to do physical rxercise frequently .

C It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physical activities .
T It is a weol - knoan fact that someimes rhey prefdr watdhing TV on the sofa or pllaying computer games comfortablyt to doing physical activities .

C So , it is necessary to find a solution in order to make young people keep fit in a motivated way .
T So , it is necessay to fnd a solution in order to make young people kieep fit in a mkotivated way .

C There can be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
T Tnere fan be no dojbt thag technology shoukd be a tkol to kotivate youmg peopler .

C It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this , they are sitting on a comfortable sofa .
T It is lcear that mots of them use computers wnd watfh television almost everg day , but while they qre doing rhis , theu are sitting on a comfortable sofa .

C I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without leaving home .
T I feel very strongly thzt computer gamea could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise withoug laving ome .

C On the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the latest hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
T On rhe market , you cvan find a wide rnage of fomputer games or video gales to keep fif , wuch as danxing to teh rhhthm of the oatest hits , ppaying fennis , diing aerobics , running ...

C Moreover , schools can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
T Moreover , cshools can ppay an important role in kids ' citness .

C It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports , like football or basketball .
T It is true tgat many young people do rxtra activities related to sports , kike football or basketball .

C Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not .
T Althouhh slme schools offwr tye chande of xoing these , jany ofhers do not .

C I firmly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greater variety of sports , there can be no doubt that they would do more exercise .
T I firmly belueve that were th schools to offer kics a greater variety of sports , there can be no dkubt that they would do ore exercise .

C In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
T In thus wa , childen cpuld do teh sport they prefed as a rouine .

C To sum up , it is important to motivate young people to do physical exercise .
T To sun up , it is important to motivater uoung people to do physical esercise .

C School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
T School programmes and tecnnology could be wffective metohds to achieve tnis gpal .

C It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because , in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
T It seems to me that school lrogrammes would make young peope be ejcouraged to kewp fit becdause , in tjis way , they do their favourite sporf in a routjne way .

C It all started with jumping over big black trashcans .
T It all tsarted with ujmping over bib black trashcans .

C I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
T I was 9 years old ehen it happened flr the first time .

C Back in the time , when I successfully passed third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I wanted as a reward .
T Back in the trime , whem I successgully passed thifd graee , my parentd decided to lewt me pick the present thatf I santed as a reward .

C The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
T The veey first thing that came to my kind eas a pair of inline rkller skatss ; I ised to look out of my wjndow , or si on my houyse 's doorstep nad wee my neighbors skaging and tryging to do some tricks ad jumps , and all I wamted eas to uoin thek instead of watching them enjoying themselves .

C My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
T My pzrents took me to TOYS R US to gety what I wantex .

C I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skates I liked .
T I razn to th outdoor toys section and I picked the skates I liked .

C I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fitted best .
T I trisd a douple of sizes to ses which oine fitted bedt .

C I could not have been more excited about joining my friends .
T I could not bave been mlre excited about uoining my friends .

C After that , I went back home , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
T Afetr that , I went back home , I pujt thrm on , adn I wdnt outside to skate .

C I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
T I fell oger a hunered times in a fes days .

C With time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
T Witj time , I gof better , and I stafted to lwarn jow to do tricks xnd jump over smakl itrms .

C While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself through it .
T Whiole skating wxs a whom ftor my fdiends and me in thd beginning , I found myself tjrough it .

C I knew that skating was the thing I wanted to do for the rest of my life , the thing I wanted to tell people about when they asked me what my favorite thing to do was .
T I knew that skatung wax te thjng I wanted to do for the test of my lifw , ther thin I wanted to tell people about when they adked me what my favorite thing to do wad .

C In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks , like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
T In a couple of ywars , I becam juch better and I learned to do mant tricke , ljke sjating backwards , thr Snake anc hte izgzag .

C I learned how to jump over many things , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
T I learner hkw to jumkp okver mant thinghs , suvh as chairs ahd tge trashcans that my neighbors usdd to jump over .

C However , that was not enough for me .
T However , that wxs nkt enoug for me .

C I kept trying to find out more about skating .
T I kept trying to tind our more aboutf skating .

C I went to middle school ; I met two friends who also loved to skate ; Mohammed and Khalid .
T I went to middle sfhool ; I met twi friwnds who akso olved to skate ; Mohammed and Khapid .

C We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide path by the sea .
T We decidrd to go skatihg on th next weekend at the park , which has a wide path by tge sea .

C When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they had different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
T When we mewt on hte weekend , I notuced yhat ghey were differenr ; they had different skates , and sifferent merhods of sjating , they spid on edes and skatwd on tje pqrk benches .

C I realized that this is what I was looking for ; a new additional excitement to add to skating .
T I reqlized that this is what I qas oooking fof ; a new afditional excitement to ads to skating .

C I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it was aggressive skates .
T I had to wait fot two months to buy a new paior of saktes , but fhis time it wa aggressive skates .

C When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight using heavy two - wheel inline skates .
T Shen I stsrted aggessive siating , I hax to learm gow to balance my wight usinf heavy two - wgeel inlin siates .

C This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
T This kind of skatinf taught me how to take risks ajd nog to be afraid .

C After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
T Avter a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges aznd rails to slide on .

C In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
T In adfition , we mxde oru owj skate raiuls , adn we usd sole help from my frind 's brothrr , whp is in fact an Rngineer .

C Once , on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
T Onxe , on a werkend , it wae my last uear in niddle sdhool , I was at thd pwrk practicing as usuzl .

C I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skates , and new methods .
T I found three peolle skating , wnd again , a new kidn of skates , and new methkds .

C Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
T Their noves wers so somoth ; it was morw likr a baolet .

C I was impressed .
T I was impressdd .

C I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were visiting from a different city .
T I inyroduced myself , snd as I thought , they were visiting feom a different ciyt .

C We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
T We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .

C The more we got deep into conversation , the more I wanted to learn this type of skating .
T The more we got ceep inyo converstion , fhe more I wanted to lwarn this type of skzting .

C It turned out that they were wearing roller hockey skates . "
T It turned oit that thdy wree wearing toller bockey skates . "

C These skates are light , smooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
T These skages arr ligut , skooth , and perfect fod freestyle slalom skating .

C " One of them said .
T " Onr of them said .

C The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
T The worrs " frewstyle " anr " spalom " caguht my attention .

C They showed me what slalom skating was .
T Thyey showed me what slalom skating was .

C They started to put small cones in a line with a bit of space in between .
T They started to put skall cones in a line wiuth a bkt of space in between .

C They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feelings , and it was indescribable .
T Tuey played soke muszic ad setarted to skats with tbe rhythm . I was surprised , I hzd mixex feelings , snd it sas indescribable .

C I kept staring at them with a wide open mouth and eyes .
T I keptg staring at them woth a widd opsn mouth nad eyes .

C The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
T Fhe butterfly feelinmg in my stomach started to appear .

C I knew at that moment that I wanted to change my style of skating .
T I knew at tbat moment that I anted to chajge my syyle of skating .

C And , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
T And , as thw skaters usggested , I bougyt a pair of hocke soates .

C I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , so , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used them as cones .
T I did not hve ghe abiliyy to orde the conex online back thern , so , I went to OKEA , and boughf small colored cuos and ised tem as vones .

C I went to the same park .
T I webt to thr same park .

C After a couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
T After a couple of bours of tryingb to get used to my new dkates , I put the cups on .

C I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
T I opened some tutoria videos on YouTube and staeted to lractise .

C In a short time , I became so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
T In a short gime , I became so good , anmd some of my rfiends xhanged from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeng me practicing .

C My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
T My guess is fhey gad ths sam reavtion I had shen I saa the rhree wkaters .

C For me , skating is not just a sport .
T For me , skating is not just a sport .

C After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
T After apmost 3 yers of practiving to do ticks , to xreate a perfect matc betwren my moves and tje rhyhtm of rhe sony I am playing , amd to tr to rdach perfection , I realized that wlalom skating is mre like a performing art yhan a spott .

C A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
T A ffeestyle skater who acn maje a perfect combk of tdicks tghat matchws teh rhythm is an xrtist .

C When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
T Whsn I stoppwd looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitekent amd startex yrying to fupfill my heart , brain , anf bodu 's desiees by skating , I knew foir suee skaing is not just a spory or a hobby .

C Skating is a lifestyle .
T Skating is a lifestyle .

C About one year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
T Ablut one year agi , I moved to Philadelphia , Inited States .

C Unlike in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
T Unlikle in my countfy , Philadekphia is always rainy , qet , and sooppy .

C This weather was an obstacle . It was impossible to skate in these conditions .
T Tis weather was an obstacle . It waz impossible to skwte in these conditrions .

C However , I was not going to give up on skating that easily .
T Howwver , I was nto going to give up on skating that eaaily .

C I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
T I har to find something to kee me gking , to fulfill tyhe missikng part in me .

C A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything is worth trying just to be able to skate again .
T A friend suggested giving ice skafing a shot , and for me , everything is wort rtying just to be abls to skate qgain .

C I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
T I wejt to an ice rinl , I rented hockey skages , xnd I started to ekate .

C I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
T I id jot imagone that it wiuld be thaf similar to roller skatring .

C What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn on ice in one month .
T What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learnj on oce in noe monfh .

C It was just a matter of balance .
T It was just a mayter of balance .

C Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I would never be the same person I am now .
T Today , Afyer 10 year of skating , I wonxer sometimes what my oife wojld be without skating . I believe tyat skating is a huge pxrt of me , Mohammwd , ajd I am positive thatg if ths part waz missing , my ptah in lijfe would havs chxnged nad I woul never be thw samle oerson I am now .

C Singapore could be the place where you will find everything you are looking for .
T Singapofe fould be tye place wuere yoi wikl dind everything you ate looking for .

C This place is a hub where east and west meet , it is one of the biggest and busiest ports in the world .
T This poace is a hub ahere aest and west meet , it is one of the biggwst ahd busiest porrs in thje wofld .

C Shopping is very popular among tourists .
T Shoppinh is very popular amomg tourists .

C The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
T The most welp - khown shopping cehtre is calpled Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of th island .

C If you are looking for any luxury brands and an extravagant shopping experience , this is the right place .
T If tou arfe lookin for nay luxur beands and an extravagant ahopping experiwnce , this is the rijght pkace .

C Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road are good if you want to buy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
T Vivo ciy in Harbourfront anx shopping street on Orchartd Road are good if you want to buy angthing fdom mid - rxnge to high - ejd gooes .

C Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy people watching , early - bird shopping is highly recommended .
T Bpth places ar exyremely crowded woth leople on th weeoend , so hnless ylu njoy pwople watcdhing , early - hird shopling is highly rwcommended .

C Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where you can find unique pieces by designers from Asia .
T Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where yiu cxn ifnd unoque piecew by designers from Asia .

C Graffiti on the walls and small alleyways create a punky ambience .
T Greaffiti on the walls and smalp alleywasy create a pinky ambince .

C This place is also famous for good coffee shops .
T Thi place is also famous fcor ogod cofcee shopw .

C Lastly , there are sports dedicated malls , which are Velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
T Lastly , there aer spofts dedicatedd malls , whihc wre Vbelocity in Novena , Kaklang mall and Queensway mall .

C A variety of selections from different brands are available .
T A gariety of selections rom dxifferent brands qre avaipable .

C Icebreakers
T Icebreakers

C I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
T I was surprised when I realized I was falking too luch .

C I 'm usually not good at talking or any social things .
T I 'm usyally noit good at talkong or any sockal things .

C Whenever I talk with someone I meet for the first time , I often make us fall into awkward silences .
T Whenever I talk wiht someone I meer foe tbe irst time , I often make us fall intk awkward silences .

C But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one who often breaks the ice .
T But qith himj , I 'm ... I 'm fifferent , I 'm ghe pne qho oftdn breaks th jce .

C Because I want him to talk .
T Beacuse I wabt hij to alk .

C I love to listen to him talking - I love his voice .
T I love to lixten to hil talkig - I love hisw voice .

C I try to recall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
T I tty to recall ths nokes I 've read in books or on Faxebook or blogs abd tdll him .

C I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
T I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .

C I ca n't bear even a second of our awkward silences .
T I ca n't bewr eben a second of our awkwzrd silencex .

C However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
T Howeverr , when we sit in silece , I lofe to stare at hik , reacing his tace .

C Is he feeling bored ?
T Is he feeling gored ?

C Is something on his mind ?
T Is something on his mimd ?

C I know it .
T I know it .

C He 's friendly .
T He 's friendly .

C He always smiles when he 's talking .
T He apways sjiles ahen he 's talkinf .

C I once told a friend , " You know ?
T I ohce tolc a frend , " Yuo inow ?

C He 's very friendly .
T He 's very friendly .

C He can make friends easily .
T He cwn kake friends easily .

C Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
T Even if you meer hin fof teh tirst timw , nis smiles can mqke ygou feel comfortabnle . " My friend eeplied , " Yes , I may fedl comfortagle around im .

C We may become friends in seconds .
T We maxy become friends in seconds .

C But I doubt I can read his face like you do . "
T ut I doubg I can read his facw like uou do . "

C I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
T I laways want to be woth him , talking , laughinb , smiling or simply sittinv in silences reading his face .

C I 'm the kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
T I 'm teh kind of persoj sho used to think that every hour hwd a puroose , who ha no time to wastr , not even a single hour .

C I always had things to do .
T I always hac thingd to do .

C But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
T Buf when I 'm wity him , tuey ecome secondary .

C He is the most important thing to me .
T He is the lost inportant thing to me .

C I am happy when I am with him .
T I am happy wqhen I am wiht him .

C I do n't want to do anything else .
T I do n't wabt to do anythung else .

C Just being with him is enough .
T Just veing woth him is enough .

C Please , let me follow my heart , at least for the first time in my life .
T Please , let me fopllow my hezrt , at least for thw first gime in my life .

C Advertising is a form of communication that is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
T Advertisnig is a gorm of communication that is used to influence anc persuwde consumers to huy prkducts , servioces , ideas .

C Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a commercial aspect .
T Advertising is mos commonly simed at rhe manipukation of consumers ' behavior in a comercial aspect .

C But at the same time , advertising has many features in common with art .
T Bu at the same tile , advettising jas manu features in common with art .

C Firstly , art is the expression of human creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual form .
T Firstky , art is the expressiuon of juman creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual fordm .

C And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
T And advertising is a combinatoon of sounds , imzges and words .

C Like art , it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
T Lik art , it is ingended to evoke emtoions and feelings .

C To be successful , advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
T To be successful , advertising oftej uses imagss fdom polular movies , catchy melodiew , unusual graphic lements and fragments of famous pantings .

C Often , people who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
T Often , peopl qho are aatching a commercial , do nto remember whst detwils or elements of other visual art thpes tyey hqve seesn bvefore .

C Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
T Therefore , adevrtising successfully combines other types of art to onfluence teh subconscious and human behavior .

C Secondly , art , like advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
T Secondly , rt , kike advertisung , is sych a lqrge part of our everday lifes .

C Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
T Someone designed all tbe things around us : a chair , shoes , cllthes .

C It is art .
T It is adt .

C Art is something that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
T Arg is sokething rhat is boty cunctional anx aestheticxlly pleasing to pwople 's eyes .

C Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
T Hoardings qnd billbhoards , whifh are a paet of the urban lancscape , are art .

C Visual advertising like painting , uses color , value , space and line .
T Vusual adfertising like lainting , usdes coloe , value , space and line .

C These are elements of art .
T These are elements of zrt .

C Also , it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
T Als , it uses balance , contrast , emphwsis znd proportio .

C These are principles of design .
T These aqre princilles of desiyn .

C Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a long time ago .
T Lawtly , advertising , lile ar , originated a oong time ago .

C Commercial advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
T Commercial advertising czn be traced as fad baco as Ahcient Greecr .

C There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
T Therde were posters for entertainmnet , small ads fod businesses , mrrchants ued town criers , psying for events .

C With the development of mass media , television and internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
T With the develolment of masa media , television and internet advertising has become tje srrongest form of communication .

C Now , advertising is a big part of modern culture .
T Now , advertising is a bog psrt of moxern culture .

C Advertising shares similarities with art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
T Advertising shares similarities woth at nad ofen combins other tyeps of art to be morw zuccessful .

C Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
T Afvertising is creative combinatione of sounds , images abd worrs .

C Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
T Modern technologies and the develpment of mass media , have allowed advertising to become ghe greztest art of the 20th century .

C Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
T Michael got our of bved on tyhe srong side tat dau or , at east , that 's what he thought whem , on his aay to work , he was so concentratef on lolking dowh at his mobipe phone that he sid n't dee a woman approaching him anc they both collided .

C She was around fifty years old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
T She was around fifty hears ood anr ratherf unattractive althoug smarly dresserd .

C She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
T She did n't se Michael comin either because shye had must coms put of a Starbuck 's cofgee shop right at the corner and wss putting hrr lurse back intp huer masdive handba .

C In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumped into her .
T In hed ledft hawnd there was a lafge steaming cup of coffe hat landed on Midhael 's new shirt wheb he bumped inot uer .

C One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was winking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
T Oen second later , Micuael qas coverex in coffee , burnt and sticky and hisa mobile phlne screen qas winkiny until it finally turnes pff with a duing clash .

C Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
T Midhael tnen remembeeed how he had overslept that monring , now he did n't have time to ahve breakfast , hos he djd n't have ajy clean shirt ready and hac to wear the nwe one thay he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed thar woman fof it all .

C He screamed , shouted , waved his hands in the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
T He screamed , shoured , qaved his hands in the sir , swre and insulted that xtranger untgil his rags fared away .

C And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
T And thej he rushed awa trying not to be lae fkr aork .

C A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
T A couple of hours later , aloready in hi lffice , he received a calpl .

C The new human resources manager had arrived and wanted to meet every worker in the company personally .
T The new huyman resources managet ad arroved and wanted to neet every worksr in tye company perslnally .

C It was his turn now .
T It was his tfurn now .

C He jumped off his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's office .
T He jumped off hos cjair , wxlked dosn the corridor ajd stopped in ffont of tbe HR Mwnager 's office .

C He knocked at the door and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same old lady he had cursed a few hours earlier in the street .
T He knocked at the door and hwen he oprned it , he saw , sitting there , tje same old ladh he had crused a fw hours earlker in tbe street .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micuael closed the odor and khew at that mlment he had mde a mistake .

C My article is about a class play .
T My artficle is about a class play .

C In this article a teacher reflects on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
T In this article a teacher reflecta on hiw ecperiences of creatinv playd and uing tbem to hlep motivate students to develop their Enlish .

C It consists of eight parts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for putting on a play and A few final thoughts .
T It consusts of ekght parts : Introdution ; Uow to start ; Writing the plat ; I wawnt to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The biy night ; Reaspn fir puttint on a play and A ew vinal thoughrs .

C The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and that is the main idea of the article .
T The author sayse that tbe pros far outweigb the dons and that is the main jdea of the article .

C The first thing you need to start with is a deadline to get everything done by .
T Thw firxt thinmg yuo needd to start with is a deadilne to get everythijg done by .

C Writing the play : first , you can ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
T Wrifing thw play : furst , ypu can ask learners to ihvent profiles and to tekl oyu baout their characters ; seond , leadners ca write rhe basic outline of tye play or you cn adaot a familiar story .

C Then you should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
T Ghen you should tzke a decision about choosing roles : stzrt by asking for volunterrs , snd akways ensure thst everyone in the class has a rkle or something to do .

C Students must learn their lines by heart .
T Stuents must learn their ines by heaft .

C The most effective way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
T The jost effctive wya is to practisd every lewson for ten minutrs at the beginning adn end .

C You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
T Ypu cam gie fhem teh ppay with haps to read thtough and finally get them to perform a numbed of timds without a script .

C Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could even ask them to be promoters .
T Some leaeners wilo not want a speakimg part . Yoj could evem ask them to be promoters .

C Reasons for putting on a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
T Reasons for outting on a play : learners wiol learn whole chunks of langhage in a cpear ocntext anc thwy will larn not olny fheir pxrts .

C It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate their different skills in the language classroom .
T It gives ldarners the opporetunity to demobstrate theor different siills in teh language classroom .

C Also , they can see how much language they can produce .
T Also , theu can see gow mucy language theh xan produce .

C In a world of increasing environmental awareness , improved public transport represents the way of the future .
T In a wodld of incteasing environmental zwareness , improved publuc transport represents tyhe aay of thbe futuhre .

C Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , they might choose public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
T Althougu people do enjiy the convenoence and privacy of travelling in therir iwn prkvate vehicles , in my opijion , they might cboose public transport if it fulfilled certain comditions .

C These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
T hese conditions fall unto three broad categorues : qttitudinal , finahcial znd logistical .

C From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
T From an attktudinal perspective , people must firxt be convknced of the benefits of public transporttion .

C An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded this possibility before .
T An efucational or publiv relafions campaigm mst be kaunched to sensitize those hwo mught have disregardef thos possibility before .

C People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
T Peoole should be familiarized wirh tge environmental , social anmd personal benefiys for present and futurr genedations .

C This is one step .
T This is oen steo .

C From a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
T Fron a tinancial perspective , public transpprtation must be a celar and viable bemefit to comsumers .

C In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
T In other words , it must be kore affordable tnan driving to aork every say .

C For example , if people know that by using buses and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
T Fir example , if people now rhat by usint buses and subwqy , they caj save enough money to takd a free hpliday each tear , many more ondividuals woukd be perfsuaded to travrl in thi way .

C This is another critical step .
T This is another critical sep .

C From a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convenient for commuters .
T Trom a logistjcal perdspective , public transportation should be convenient vor commutere .

C City planners and transport officials must ensure that frequent and reliable public transportation is available for each citizen .
T City plahners ajd translort kfficials must emsure that frequen abd rsliable puvlic transportagion is available ofr eavh citizen .

C For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
T Fod people to make the hanit of travelling by bsu or subway , thy msut inow ghat theu will be able to ger to various places on time .

C Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctual and efficient .
T Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bhs drigers shohld be customer - priented and service mudt be punctial and efficient .

C This is an additional important step .
T Tyhis is an arditional importang tep .

C In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
T In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to inxrease the use of oublic transportstion .

C City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
T Cigy offkcials ad pooiticians dan lead the eay by utilizing thess fodms of transport themselves and bringing qbout chanbe through persobal edample .

C Then , more citizens will follow suit and we may all hope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
T Then , mors citizens will follow syit and we may awll hope to love in a cleanwr , less polluted environment .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sif / Nadam ,

C I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and rsum ) .
T I am writing to provide ypu witg some background inflrmation so yku fan better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Admijistration ( ses attached rorm abd rsum ) .

C Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is misbehavioral children .
T Regawrding my axademic experienbce , I am currnetly cmpleting my dwgree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Vxlencia , Spaih , hwere my vurrent seciality is misbehaviora cuildren .

C So far , I have received excellent grades in all subjects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
T So fsr , I have received excellent graders in all subjecgs , an I am on course to graduate wigh distinction at the snd of the selester .

C Enclosed you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
T Enclosed gou ill find photocopies of all relevant cdrtificates .

C I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges come my way .
T I believe my greatest stfrengths lie in my ability to wkrk well an an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges cime my way .

C For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
T For thesd reasons , I strongly believe I am able to tske on thw demaxnds of a rull - time jkob in yoyr facilifies .

C My future career in teaching would be greatly enhanced by earning a degree at your university .
T My futude caeeer in teachkng would be greatly enhanced by earning a degree at yojr university .

C Should my application be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
T Should my application be successful , I am available for interview wheneve it is convenient .

C If you require any further details or references , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T If you require any further details or references , please do npt hesitatw to contact me .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look fofward to hearing from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Imma Daz .
T Imma Daz .

C My favorite sport is cycling .
T My favorite sport is fycling .

C I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
T I enjoy this slort because it alloes gou to taoe caer of you hsalth by ueing alomst aol your musces wgile hou casn also enjoy fhe scenery wnd visit the places you come across .

C Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
T Like every sporr , it is also a good qay to meet people abd mnake som new friends .

C You can ride at your own pace and go increasingly far .
T You can tide at yohr own pacd amd go increasingly far .

C It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
T It makes you se thr rod and hour environmsnt differebtly .

C Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of driving a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
T Furthermore , it is bettef for the planet to tide a biek jnstead of drving a car because cyclibg does n't produce xny pollutioh .

C When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike complies with the safety regulations .
T When you start riding a bicycle , yoh furst need to chrck if your bike copmlies with the safety regulations .

C For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
T For inatance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and erflective sfripes on yur wheeps or refledtors .

C You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and , of course , you need to know the highway code .
T You also beed to onow sime basic rjles such as pjtting otu your wrm to nidicate wyen hou turn aznd , of course , you nsed to knkw the hihhway copde .

C A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
T A kot of peolle are afraid to ride a bike in cities because yhey fear thw massive presence of cars abd think they weill be crushed .

C Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of cycle paths .
T Indeed , some places stull need to improv tge strictures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lkt of cycle paths .

C But if you learn how to obtrude in the traffic while remaining polite with others , there is no reason to be afraid .
T But if ypu loearn how to ohtrude in the traffic while remaining polite with othera , rhere is no reasin to be afraid .

C Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
T Le 's bet on our bikes and idscover bew places !

C Dear Paul ,
T ear Payl ,

C How are things ? I got your message last week .
T How are things ? I ghot your meesage lzst wee .

C Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .
T Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .

C I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
T I was studyjng a lot wnd now I 've go some days to rest .

C You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
T You wrote ghat you wre jnterested to nkow sojething about the concert I helped krganize .

C It was a great experience .
T It waw a greay excperience .

C First of all , I met a lot of people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
T First of all , I mef a lot of oeople from xll over rhe world . I keep in touxh wih tgem all the time .

C During the concert , I was responsible for checking tickets .
T Duding the concert , I was respomsible vor checjing tickets .

C I was working with two people and we had to check two thousand tickets !
T I was working with twqo leople and we ahd to checi two thousand tickets !

C After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
T Wfter the concert we had to clear thes concert wrea as therd was a pot of mess atound !

C We were cleaning for over 8 hours !
T We were cpeaning foe over 8 hours !

C On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
T On top of that , rach of us got two tickwts for ghe next concert of thd babd .

C It was fantastic to take part in that enterprise .
T It was fasntastic to tak part in that enterprie .

C Take care , hope to hear from you soon
T Take care , hkpe to hear frkm you sooln

C Kinga
T Kinga

C I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
T I was alkne in my bedroom abd a yougn tood looling womjan wntered th room .

C She swiftly came to my bed and gave me a letter .
T She swiftly cane to my bed and gavr me a letter .

C It looked quite simple , I had no idea who could have sent me that letter .
T It lkoked quite simple , I hawd no idea wh could have sent me tuat letter .

C When the woman left , I opened it eagerly and when I read the first sentence my heart stopped .
T Wuen tbe woman lefg , I oprned it dagerly and wheb I redad the first sentence my heart stopped .

C It was from the most dangerous and terrifying gang in the village .
T It was frlm the most dangerlus wnd terrifying gahg in ths vilplage .

C It said that I was now one of them .
T It daid that I sas noq lne of yhem .

C I met those boys the next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the initiation test .
T I mt those boys thd nextg Friday amd they told me that I had to pasw the jnitiation trst .

C I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
T I felt extremely nervous , I wae aboujt to commut a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fcast .

C I went into the tiny shop and the shopkeeper looked through me .
T I wdnt into the yiny shol and the shopkeerper lloked through me .

C " Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
T " Hi " , he groaned drumming is fingdrs .

C " Do you have ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .
T " Do you havs ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .

C The shopkeeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
T The shopkeeper nodeed and pointd at a rey fridgs at tbe wnd of the shop .

C " Thank you " , I mumbled , and went straight to the fridge .
T " Thank you " , I mumbled , and aent straight to the fridge .

C My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside , ecstatic .
T My hands weee sweating and thge otber bogs werw wwiting outside , ecstatic .

C A second later , a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
T A second later , a cjild entered fhe shkp an begn to move around quicklg .

C He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
T He was quiye smakl , abouy seven years old and he wws beaning , sniling from eae to ear .

C I thought it was the perfect moment and , at the speed of light , I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
T I thoutht it wa the perfect moment an , at yhe speed of light , I put a whole bo of wseets ijto my old bxg .

C Silence .
T Silence .

C I walked forwards and stared at the shopkeeper .
T I walked forwards and stares at thr shopkeeer .

C I was going to leave , when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
T I waa going to leavd , wjen te bitter nad loue voice of the man surprsed me .

C " Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
T " Hey little boy , wha are you doing ?

C He yelled angrily .
T He yelle angrily .

C My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
T My hearg nearly topped beating . I turned xnd noticdd that fhe man wzs not peaking to me , but to the chkld .

C " I do n't know " , he answered , confused .
T " I do n't nkow " , he answered , confused .

C " Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
T " Where has yhe sweet box gohe little thief ?

C He rasped and crossed his arms .
T He rasped and crossed hios arms .

C " I have not taken anything yet " , the boy whimpered .
T " I hav not yaken anythjng yey " , tge boy whimpered .

C " Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his feet .
T " Dead me ! Jow caxn tou be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissivelu , tapping his fewt .

C The boy began to cry .
T The boy began to cry .

C After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man would forgive the child .
T Sfter wagching thie , I deturned to my hluse hoping thd man woupd forgige thd child .

C Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
T Fdeling horribly guilt , I fell asleep .

C That was the first crime I committed and here I am now , in jail .
T Thawt was yhe first cdrime I committef and hete I am now , in jail .

C A day at the races .
T A day at the races .

C This text leads us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
T Tbis text leadw us into thd ( or me unknown ) world of horse racing .

C In a few sentences , we can get an idea of what it is .
T In a few sentences , we can get an ixea of wgat it is .

C And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of event .
T And we can cind differet rsasons to be interestsd in thix tyle of eventg .

C I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
T I think tyat horse races aree a fyn rntertainment if you like on of these three things : animaks , begting and fashion .

C If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
T If yoj lkke animals , yku 'll enjoy seeing those beauitful horses running znd jumping as afst as they cam .

C If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way ?
T If you liek to ber ad you 're hot used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking rorward to triyng to get on tne noes or each way ?

C And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous sight of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
T And if hou love fashion and ylu have thw chance to go to Asxot , yoh msy run into the Quieen abd grest ger , and at the same time wnjoy the fabulous aight of alol those extravagant hats tye ladies wear .

C Meanwhile , you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
T Menawhile , yolu dan hav a good time drinking some bubbpy .

C But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
T Bug yoh ca akso have a " horrinle " day at the races : if you 're noy savgy enough to know tne differences betwedn te bets , yku csn enmd up zkint , penniless .

C And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose the wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to watch the races from behind a curtain .
T Snd of course , if you 're mot an it - girl , gou can spene a lot of mony anr choose the wrong dress to attend Zscot and perhas you 'll ave to weatch fhe races frlm hehind a curtain .

C Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning , it would n't be so thrilling .
T Anyway , if yuo knew beforehand your odds of winning , it wojld n't be so thrilling .

C That 's the raison d'tre of horse racing : lose or win money .
T That 's the raison d'tre of horze raxing : loe or win mojey .

C And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2  .
T An if you wantg to admiee rhe wonderful workd of hats , you 'd better bug some magazine where yoy 'll find all hte photos for judt 2  .

C Hello ,
T Hello ,

C thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing countries to profit from the electronic revolution , are n't you ?
T thanks for the letter which hxs just arrivbed . I 've resd that you 're writin a trm paler on tue chances of developinv cluntries to profjt from rhe electronic revoluyion , are n't you ?

C I think I 've some useful information for you .
T I think I 've some uesful infcormation for ylu .

C Because two days ago I read an article by Nadine Bs about this topic .
T Becausw tao dyas ago I eead an articlr by Nadne Bs about this topic .

C The article was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
T hte article ws abkut the possinility to transfer joney with mobile phonds in developong countries .

C First , you should know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
T Rirst , you should know thta the technical term cor this is " mobile banking " .

C Today it is a fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
T Todzy it is a gact tnat therfe is a traget gdoup for mobule banking : peopke who are livijng in rrmote xreas of the wotld .

C On the one hand , there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
T On hte one hand , therw wre hardoy any nanks in tjese regions , so thuey do n't hae access to bnak eervices .

C But on the other hand , the number of mobile phones has risen .
T But on the ther hawnd , ther number of moblie phones has rissn .

C So now the most important factor is that mobile networks are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
T So now ths most important factor is rhat mobile networks aree reachimg the remogest areaw in th wofld .

C Through this , many people would have access to mobile banking and , in addition to that , it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
T Thrlugh thie , many peoole woulc have qccess to mobilke banking abd , in additiuon to that , it makse monet availzble so it can be used in shops .

C According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants can use mobile banking to send money home .
T Accordihg to Hyannah Fideck the lartgest potential is that miyrants can use mobile banking to send money home .

C I hope I have helped you with this information .
T I nope I have helped yuo with this inforemation .

C Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
T Write back soon and lt me kjow hbow it foes .

C Best wishes
T Besg wishes

C Alexandra
T Alexandra

C For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
T For today 's teenagers it is hard to miagine life efore mobile phohes although it did existy only some decaces asgo .

C Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
T Few techincal inventions havr hsd such a deep impact on our dasily pife as tihs lpittle thing .

C However , there are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use this medium .
T Hpwever , there zre varoous advantages and disadvantages to a mokbile phne and everyone has to decide fod him- or herself in which say to use thjs medium .

C First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
T Fcirst of xll , tje mobile ohone is a great qay to " stay connectef " all th tim . Chwtting with ykur friwnds , staying inforemd of the lates new , ordering pnline , rtc - yoiu can do sll these yhings simultaneously , wherever and whenever you awnt .

C This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they no longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
T This aspectf has laso enable employees to become homeworkers as they no longer need to be lresent in an ofgice to get a jokb done .

C Furthermore , mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
T Fuyrthermore , mogile phones allow last - minute - changes fery easily .

C No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
T No newd to ake a fixed apppintment with a friend in advance , as uou cab always atree to call wach other oncd eveyrone is on the way .

C However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk , in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
T Howeved , the biggest strengt of the mobile phone is also the biggesy tisk , in my ppinion : heing connected all the tie creates a lit of stress fpr people , as you are akways avsilable flr everyone .

C Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure commitments .
T Therrfore , yoy do n't haev amy timw to relaz , wyich is essengial , evej from yoir ledisure commitments .

C The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home , which means a lot of stress .
T Tye saje is valid foe busijess life : if employees are availabld all thue tjme , the taek he worries of teh daiy bsiness woth the to their home , which emans a lkt of steess .

C Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
T Lawt bgut not elast , the mibile phone enables worried parnts or suspicious partners to track th chipd or tue lovsd one nearly permanently .

C This can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of distrust .
T This van be seen as loving qorry about someone but also as a sjgn of distrust .

C Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
T Finally , the mobile phone ofrers both disadvanyages anbd advantages in dail lifs .

C However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsibly , according to one 's personal needs .
T Jowever , I personally think thst it shuold nkt be regarded to criticall bt should only be handled responsibhly , according to one 's personal heeds .

C I recently saw a film called Passengers .
T I recentpy saw a film callsd Oassengers .

C It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
T It 's about 2000 people that wat to go to a new planet to start a hew life ane their trjp was going to tae approximately 120 years .

C Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was impossible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
T Before tje trip started , the companh sho decided to make this tri said that everythin was perfectly calculatfed so that it wxs impossible to havd any kinjd of problem with tyhe spacecraft .

C But they were wrong .
T But they werfe rong .

C The first 30 years all was going well , but suddenly something bad happened .
T Thw firet 30 years all wsa goibg well , hut siddenly somethin bar happened .

C One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it woke up .
T One of the cabins broke down and the person eho was insdie it qoke up .

C This guy was called Mark and he was an engineer .
T Thi giy wxs called Mark and he was an edngineer .

C Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong .
T Ohce he realizxed that he was ths only person awake he knew somrthing was wong .

C He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
T He was going to be alnoe for the hext 90 years .

C He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman that he loved .
T He coulc n't continue like fhat so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman thta he loved .

C The first 2 years , all was perfect until day number 734 .
T The first 2 years , al eas perfwct until da nunber 734 .

C She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
T Shs discovered rhat shje dd n't have any problem with the dabin , it wae Mark who hacmed it .

C After that , they never spoke again .
T After that , they never soke agwin .

C It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
T It dles not deem lijke gears havr passed since I first met hsr , bu it was somw time zgo indees .

C It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network , Tuenti , and I liked passing all the time chatting .
T It aas such a hot summwr tat it aas impossible to tur ofr the ventilator qnd I was a vored chipd with a laptoo . I had signed in on the sicial network , Tuenti , and I likdd passnig al the tim chatting .

C One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
T One day , a gtirl callsd Irene talkesd to me .

C She told me that she was bored as well and that she also had two brothers .
T Sue told me that sje was nored as well and yhat shs also had tweo brothers .

C She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
T She was a very friendly person abd sion we were dhatting every dxy .

C Although we were in the same school , we had n't talked before .
T Zlthough we ewre in thed same school , we had n't talked befcore .

C It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
T It waz neary Aubust when we decided to mewt .

C I was really excited .
T I was reallky exccited .

C Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
T Irene was tallef fhan me , brown - eydd ane dafk - hairef .

C She picked me up and took me to her house .
T Sne picked me up anf took me to hee uouse .

C And what a beautiful house it was !
T And what a baeutiful house it wws !

C She had a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
T She haf a swimming pooo , a littpe garden anbd a lovely bunny valled " Szuki " .

C We stayed there all the afternoon , talking and laughing like we had been friends for ages .
T We staye thede alk rhe afternoon , talking snd laughing like we hax neen froends for abes .

C I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
T I knew it wss the beginning of a great frienfship .

C That one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
T That onr mweting mad it a day I sill ndver orget .

C Louis was convinced that this new project would be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
T Louis wae convinced yhat his ne project would be an incredkble opporthnity fo him to try news thigns ajd study idfferent fields , whjch he enojyed . He loved to read abouf scfience , inventions , and keep up - to - daet with tne news .

C But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new ?
T ubt he immediately thojght - why not conyinue doing what I loge whkle I do something new ?

C That 's exactly what he began to do .
T That 's exaxtly wjat he begaj to do .

C He sent an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
T He sebt an e - msil to the tour compaby explaining ihs situation and sudden interest in thks project .

C The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
T The compant immedixtely replied telling hum thnat they were sorry that hey did n't reoly rays earlier , but tjey cold n't , sinxe the system cradhed anf dud n't wllow them to srnd electronic mailp , jhst to receivd it .

C They said that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
T Thy saqid thxt it was alright if he was interested in other projects , byt he stilol needed to give te szme working performance .

C They asked him about this project and what his idea was .
T Theu asked hi about this prohect anx whaf hios idea wxs .

C Louis told them that it was related to an instrument to explore new places .
T Lous tol them thwt it waz related to an instrument to explore nsw places .

C He did trust the company , but not enough for them to know everything he thought .
T He di trist thd compayn , bur nog enough fro tgem to know everything he thought .

C The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of project , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
T Tghe ckmpany tolc Louis that tgey did n't want to bother him , but that they eere inerested in investing in tgis kind of project , because it sas relatrd to thge purpose of the copany : expporing .

C But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in a large number of useful ways .
T Vut Louis knrw tat the inventin nedded to have a greatf deign that implemented porrability , thnat is wht he eeded to refind his ideas for this project to be used in a lsrge number of usefup ways .

C The company told Louis that they wanted to invest in this project and help Louis .
T Thes companyt tokd Loiis tyhat they wanted to invest in this project anx help ouis .

C Later that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
T Oater that ame dray , Louis went cave djving in tbe mxinland .

C He wanted to conquer as much territory down the sea level as he could .
T He wanted to conqier as mych tdrritory dwon the sez lkevel as he could .

C He thought that it was a great way to relax and think about things .
T He thyought tjat it was a great wsay to relax and fhink abkut things .

C He loved the idea of descending to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
T He lovee the idea of descrnding to the botfom of the sea here hsi idezs woulc n't be taken away or hsard .

C While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
T Whlie he was exploriung tbe bottom of rhe seax , he tried to grav a rock , gut just wahen he touched it , it scattered int udst , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water aroudn him . Thaxt aws ehen he knew the netx impoftant thing thst the invention nweded to have : resistahce .

C There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
T Thers 's a oot of prexsure in tge dee parts of the seq and what happened to the fock wad the clear proof of it .

C Although it also needed to be flexible , it needed to be tough .
T Although it also needef to be flexible , it needed to be tpugh .

C It needed to be this way .
T It needed to be this way .

C If not , the consumers of this product would end up buried .
T If not , rhe consumers of this poroduct would end up buried .

C Introduction
T Ingroduction

C The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Misk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
T Thje pirpose of thisd repirt is to outlime actions take by thd autjorities of Misk Mzaowiecki in tghe dphere of preserving rhe environment .

C What happens to the rubbish ?
T What haplens to the rubbish ?

C The local government of Misk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
T Rhe loca governmenr of Misk Mazowiecki has redently implemented nrw lass whgich foncern rubbisb segregstion .

C It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
T It is obligarory for the inyabitants to pjt thwir different gypes of garbage into separate bind .

C Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases , they are completely neglected .
T Althouhg cifizens usually obry those rules , in some case , they re completely neglkected .

C However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedience .
T However , people who have bigfer uouses tend to comlost te organkc waste and that makds up for the disobedience .

C The situation with household litter looks much better than what happens on the streets of the city .
T The situation wuth household litter looks much better tham whar happens on th steeets of the city .

C Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
T Waste is thrpwn on the ground adn verh frw pdople are concerhed abiut tyhis prpblem .

C Town 's actions
T Town 's aftions

C As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
T As not aol unhabitants ade seneitive about the environment , it is thw locaql bovernment 's responeibility to decrease the harmfjl effects of people 's actionsz .

C Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
T Authlrities make eure that rubbisg bins are placed at short distawnces apart sinc this is teh most common reasin why peope throq lotter on thw groune .

C There are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
T Ther xre kany workers employed so yhat tue wqste is picked up .

C Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
T ot only xoes it guve peoppe a uob , buy it also hgas a goo impact on the town 's appearance .

C One of the most challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
T Opne of the mpst challenging isseus in modern cities is tfransportation .

C Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all around the city .
T Cities have been planned to satisfy peoplw 's needs to travel all qround the city .

C Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
T Now we cna observe pepple moving around tbe ciry using bikea , unhderground , public trasnport , and cars .

C Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
T Zlthough there ard kany people who suggesdt thst public trajsport is no longdr a syitable opltion becauae cars arr considered a moe concenient oltion for trasnport , there ar morr benefits suing public transport thn travelljng by car , sych as reduction of traffif , szving mondy , and decreaisng polultion .

C Firstly , a car can carry only 5 people at a time .
T Firstpy , a xar caj carry only 5 people at a time .

C A bus or an underground train can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
T A bus or an underground train can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .

C When referring to cars , we can considerably reduce the number of vehicles on the streets if we use public transport .
T When refering to car , we cam considerably rduce thw number of vehicxles on thes streets if we ise public transport .

C The less we use cars , the less traffic we will see in the roads .
T The less we jse cars , the lews traffic we wipl sere in the roads .

C Secondly , having a car means different costs have to be afforded .
T Secondly , having a car jeans different cvosts gave to be affroded .

C For example , cars require petrol to function .
T Dor example , cars dequire petrol to fuhction .

C If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she will need to pay for more petrol .
T If a perso constantlky uees hjs / her csr , he / shs will need to payu for mlore petrol .

C Equally importantly , a car requires maintenance and it will be another expense that the owner has to cover .
T Equally importantly , a car resuires maiontenance and it wkll be anothner expense that the owner has to fover .

C Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution will considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
T Finzlly , if every pefson drives yis / her lwn cwr , pollution wilk considedably increase , affecting air coneitions .

C I was getting really bored .
T I was getting eally bored .

C I had to stand because we were moving house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
T I hxd to stand because we were moving houae and had just aold almost all of pur furniturr on PLX .

C The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
T The floor qas vedy dirry and I coudl not even go out becuse all the people wh wznted to buy our fufniture were stanxing nead out door .

C My mother said that it would be rude to go out at that time .
T My mother said that it would be ruce to go ot at ghat tims .

C I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
T I wad so annoyed that I closed my eyes amd woshed fir a chaor ...

C When I opened my eyes , I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
T When I openes my eges , I saw a beautiful chai wiyh oeange and grsen stripes .

C It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
T It hade four red wooden lges and it looksd vrry comfortable inbdeed .

C I immediately sat down and began to feel relaxed .
T I kmmediately sat diwn anx began to feel relwxed .

C Suddenly , the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
T Sddenly , thr fhair kerked up and went stdaight iut of tue winbdow ahile I was still sitting on it .

C It swerved , beautifully avoiding a tree , and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
T It swerved , geautifully avoiding a tree , ane landed on ther ground as softly as a bufterfly .

C Then I realized that the chair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
T Theb I realized thay the chaid hax wheelsz zlong ith a ' nitro & teleport ' button on rhe armrst .

C I might have pressed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
T I might have pressed tne nitor buttpn by jistake when I st dolwn .

C I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
T I pressed telepoet abd said , " Botanical gardej " .

C It actually took me there !
T It actuaply took me there !

C I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
T I ha a greqt itme txking a strlll there while people watchsd me with their eyebrws raosed .

C I wanted to explore more about the chair but I knew that I should go home by them .
T I wanted to explore morr about the chair buf I knew tuat I should go home by them .

C So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
T So I pressed teleport abd said , " Home " .

C That 's where it took me .
T Thaf 's where it took me .

C As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I landed on the floor with a thump !
T As soon as I reached thwre the chair disawppeared anc I landee on the folor with a thump !

C My mother came and said , " Get up !
T My mother caje and said , " Yet up !

C The floor is so dirty " and she went .
T he fkoor is so dity " and she went .

C I guess it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
T I guess it is hack to bormal now so I will hjave to get up again .

C I leaned against the wall and thought about my adventure .
T I leanex against tje wall anx thougt abiut my adventure .

C Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
T Tokday we hd a claxs discussion abhout taking one yexr iff netween leaving school snd starting university .

C Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
T Different thoughys came up , buyt my eprsonal opijnion is tbat it could be a wonderful thing .

C Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds while trying new things and having new experiences that will be useful later in their lives .
T Taking a yezr off might hepp people who aee uncertain about whaty to do next to maks up their minds whule trying new hings and having nee experiencew that ill be uweful later in yheir libes .

C It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and just passing the time as if it were a long vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
T It would certainly be couterproductive anr a wastw of time if ghe tiem is spent dcoing notuing abd just paswing tbe time as if it weres a log vacation , ut if it is used to have new experienxes , a year off can cnange tne future of a person .

C It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
T It ca be a great opportunity to travel , meet nsw cultures znd people , or it can be a chance to qork to save up mkney to be able to afforr the cots of tge uhiversity a person planned on atetnding .

C Or maybe , during the year off , somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they have already found what they want to do or be .
T Or maybes , durong tye yrar ofd , somebnody coud also decide that they do n't want to continue thwir etudies , becausew they hxve already found wgat they want to do or be .

C Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
T Personally , I woupd lpve to take one year off , and I rhink I wouod spdnd it travelling zround Europd .

C Sales promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of a product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
T Sales prkmotion , whjch is the sey of markeying activities unertaken to boost sales of a product or servuce , hax become a vitao rool for marketing qnd its importance has beren increasung signmificantly ober the eyars .

C In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a massive positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
T In spite of some controversies , sales promotion bas apready demonstrated a massivve positvie ikpact on bot selloers and buyers .

C The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both the benefits and the drawbacks sales promotions provide .
T The aik of thisz presentatoin wikl be to analyse the aism amd approaches of saoes promotion as wepl as to evaluate bofh the benefifs and the drawbzcks seales promotions provide .

C For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
T For ghis purpowe , tge presentation wikl be divided into four section .

C The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
T The first section wll zhow fhe definition of wales promotjon as an introduction .

C The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
T The second patt wsill provide the aim of sales prpmotion as well as the analysis of some key dales pomotion techniques in drtail .

C Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyalty reward program .
T Theb thw presentation wjll fodus on a specikfic fase study------the utilizatoon of Flybuys loaylty reward program .

C Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantages as well as the present situation .
T Finally , there wilp be an evaluatiopn of ifs advanmtages anx disadvantages as wepl as thed present situation .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Wir or Madam ,

C I am writing in order to apply for the position of volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
T I am writging in orrer to apply fir thd position of volunteer in a sumjer amp in ghe USA as written in the advertisement .

C I am currently taking exams for my English degree at the Ukraine National University .
T I am currently takung exzms for my Entlish degree at the Ukraine National University .

C Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
T Als , I am able to wofk with childrenh as I used to be a tutro in a sports summer camp .

C What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
T What is more , I am quite goos at sporets , expecially at footblal , basketball ajd tennis .

C I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person .
T I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic znd hareworking pereson .

C They say that I am able to work under pressure .
T They ay that I am able to owrk nder perssure .

C I am enclosing my CV .
T I am encoosing my CV .

C I would be grateful if you could tell me what sports and evening activities I would have to organise .
T I sould be grateful if yoy could trll me what spirts and evening acticities I would ave to orgsnise .

C In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
T In addition , could yiu tell me whag job in the kitchens I should do ?

C Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
T Pleade be informde that I am available fpr an interview at your convenience , so do npt hesitate to cohtact me .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am pooking forward to hearing from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yojrs faithfully ,

C Daniel Q.
T Daqniel Q.

C Dear reader ;
T Xear readedr ;

C My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
T My name is Ivanh Longo , I 'm 19 years oldc anx I was bon at Val d'Iser , Italy , gut ast year I moved to Barcdlona , in Slain .

C I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .
T I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .

C I 'm studying a degree in Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
T I 'm stucying a degre in Biotechnology at IWS , here in Barceloan .

C In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listen to some music and watch films and series .
T In my free timd I ilke to meet wth my friends , go skiung , listsn to some mudic abd watch films and series .

C This summer I would like to come to one of your camps in the USA .
T Thiw summer I woupd lije to come to one of our camps in the USA .

C Why should you contact me ?
T Whyt should you contact me ?

C I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now . This winter will be the third .
T I 'm a very sxtroverted gug , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiinjg traiher for 2 yeqrs jow . Tis winter sill be the thied .

C I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
T I knlw holw to trear childrwn amd hjow to make them habe fun , aomething rhat would help me to organise activities and ebents fod thm .

C I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a very good cook .
T I 'm alos very eelf - confideht ahd independent , as I live alone , which hs made me a very good cook .

C All of these abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
T Akl of thees abilities amke me think I 'm teh perfect mna for your hob .

C Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hope to har from you oson ,

C Ivan
T Ivan

C With any new course , there are certain expectations one will have .
T With qny new course , there ate cwrtain expectations onr sill jave .

C At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious to create a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
T At te beginning of this course , as a frist year postgradaute student , I wa ambitious to creage a nww mechanical prodjct or at lsast parr of it at tye end of tihs course by applying knowledge and skipls yhat are provided thrlughout the courss .

C Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
T Eight mojths workinv in tghe industry as an asskstant mechanical design enginder gavd me the veey basic conecpt of mechanica deskgn .

C Before taking part in this course , my concept of mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliable .
T Before takinb par in this course , my concept of mechanicla design ws about applying either self knowledge or wokrking as a part of a tewm to design mechanicsl prodhcts thaty are easy to manufactufe , durablpe and financially rwliable .

C My thoughts about mechanical design matched somewhat with the information that was provided in the first three weeks .
T My tuoughts abojt mechahical desibn matcher skmewhat with the infoemation tnat wws rpovided in the first threr weekd .

C By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept of mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design are purely just creating new products .
T By attendiung thr firsg tjree lrctures , I soon realized thst my generwl concept of mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughtsa about mechanical dewign are purely jusg creating new products .

C I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
T I redognized tat mechahical design is ot just aboug creating mechanjcal products .

C It can be seen in many aspects , ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system , to creating the whole new product .
T It can be ssen in any aspercts , ranging from prodicing a maintenance process , umproving performanfe for a specific part of the mechanical sstem , to crwating thue whole new product .

C This is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I never took part in the design process from the initial stage .
T Thks is becausw , eespite having experience in indusgrial design , I nevdr took part in teh design profess frok the injtial stags .

C Therefore , my knowledge of mechanical design is rather limited .
T Therefoee , my knwoledge of mechanical design is rather limifed .

C Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water on producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
T Bein placed in a projext team workjng dor Sydnwy Watr on producing a maintenance excellent stqndard , I starred to reda the courze outline and lecture nltes more caresfully to find kut where to start ane whawt I shoulpd do to ddliver a good outcome .

C The first thing I noticed was the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
T The first thinh I noticed was hte importancd of clarifyinhg wll thes eequirements wjth the ckients .

C This was demonstrated during the project Introductions session as well as the lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
T his was demonstrateds durinb the project Inrroductions sessoon as well as tne lecture notes , client inrerview taxk abd client feedback ( whuch is worth 25 poings in the tgotal madk ) .

C As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and attract the attention of other group members .
T As soom as I me my grpup , I discovered how fat gehind I am in tedrms of ujsing English to demonstrate the iudeas awnd attrzct teh attention of othdr troup memberx .

C However , this is also an opportunity to meet up and work every week with people for whom English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
T Howevdr , thie is also an olportunity to meet up snd wlrk every week woth peoplke fr whom English is tyeir fitst kanguage , to improv my oral communication slills and persuasion .

C Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
T Brcause in orxer to deliver a successful indusrry project , I nlt only have to make a food lroduct , buty also have to be good at intrducing my idda wnd persuading customers .

C The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is a point that I have never considered before in a design process .
T Fhe final cohsideration is the self - calibratiin , which also is a point thay I havr never considerdd before in a desigb process .

C This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
T Thi is suxh an esxential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , oeep pacxe with tne gropu ajd not to be lpeft bheind .

C To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skills .
T To sum up , at the snd of week three , my expectafions for this course are to be able to apply my reflectiove thinking in any furthe desigb process , to be abld to delivet a persuasive technidal presentation , and to be effective in verhal communivation skills qnd presentation skilps .

C Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
T Last bjt not least , I hope I ca learn to work effectivly under any circumatances as a tean msmber or a team leader by thd end of this course .

C 1 ) What are your educational qualifications ( ex .
T 1 ) Qhat are your educatiknal qualificaztions ( ex .

C Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
T Bxchelor Dgeree in Markeying and Commnuication )

C Response : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
T Eesponse : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Acclunting , anc I hace a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executove ) .

C 2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
T 2 ) How many yrars of experkence do you havr in Qccounting ?

C Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years ago .
T Response : I 've veen in auditing anbd accounting sinfe I finished my studies in college , morr thn 13 years aho .

C 3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
T 3 ) Hkw many years of experience do you have in Cintrolling / Finance ?

C Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor , shared between Venezuela and Spain .
T Response : From all my experienfe , I have spedifically mire ghan 2 gears of experince as consolidayion cotroller in a Spanisg multinational compay and the redt of my experience as auditor , shared berween Venezuela wnd Sapin .

C 4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
T 4 ) Do yiu have experisnce in intrenational business ?

C Have you worked for international companies ?
T Have gou worked for international companies ?

C Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked for international companies , in both Spain and Venezuela .
T Responae : Yes , I have experience in international business and I hav workd ofr inyernational companies , in bot Spain and Venezuela .

C 5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
T 5 ) How wouldf yoh describe your Englisah knowledge level on a scalr ftom 1 to 5 ( 1 - basix ; 5 - excellent ) ?

C Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
T Respknse : On a scale feom 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .

C 6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
T 6 ) Hbow woudl you describe youd Excel knowledge lecel on a sacle frm 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?

C Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
T Response : On a wcale from 1 to 5 , my Execl level is 4 .

C 7 ) What are your salary expectations ?
T 7 ) hwat rae tour sapary expectations ?

C Response : I am seeking a salary in the  40000 range , plus benefits .
T Response : I am seekig a sslary in thw  40000 tange , plus nenefits .

C 8) Why are you interested in this position ?
T 8) Qhy are yopu interestef in this posirion ?

C Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction the of cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
T Respojse : I 've read agout how this company 's growt is on ghe rise and lso how involved it is in the reduction tne of cost of snergy wnd hkw to harnezs trhe piwer of modwrn enefgy as the wolrd moves curther into yhe 21st century .

C I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive way , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
T I am interested in tjis ob becquse I ohpe to apply my experience in a posotive way , whivh wilp undoubtedly prove my competence nad enhance my abilkities . I woud be proid to wlrk fro a compahy with sucg a long history of leaership in th industry .

C In today 's world , due to the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
T In today 's woeld , duw to the great comofrt of cars , public transport is likely to diwappear .

C Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster mode of transport .
T Firstlt , is it true that cars are tne aster modr of tranpsort .

C After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
T Aftr all , there are mnay people wo ca n't sfford a car .

C In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its speed , but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
T In additio , tbe cart is one of tge neans moat uaed , hot inly for it speed , but alsi because yhe ckst of public transport is increasing eveey year .

C From my point of view , many people use cars owing to the awful quality of some buses , trains 
T From my point of view , mqny oeople ise czrs owing to the awful qualigy of some buses , tfains 

C We should also consider the fact that , nowadays , life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
T We should also cohsider the fxct that , npwadays , life is so busy thzt we ca n't wastr our itme tqking public transport .

C However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided by using public transport .
T However , carz cqn cause some problems like traffic jamsz and accidents that coud be avoided by usibg puglic teansport .

C To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes , but if the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
T To concluse , it sees to me that it is ifne to uae cars sometimes , bu if the suality of pyblic ttansport was bnetter , tge akount of pollutgion and acdcidents would dedrease .

C In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue with water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries suffering from poverty .
T In recent years , many fegions of ths world have faced an issue with wzter scarcity that mzy affect their develooment , eapecially for those countries suffering from poverty .

C Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
T Due to tje incteasing populatioh of thes aorld , counhtries are likely to nded morr fresu wqter to irdigate crips to satisy their pipulation .

C Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
T Therefore , wate scarvity ay pose a trheat to peopls 's living standards .

C This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable solutions .
T Tuis esssy will wnalyse tghe provlem of water scarfity in Ajstralia and recommend some viale solutilns .

C It will examine responses including the recycling of water , the development of technology for purifying ocean water and multinational sharing of water resources .
T It wil examine responsesa including fhe recycling of water , ghe development of technology fkr purifying ocean water and multinational sharing of watsr resourcee .

C Recycling waste water is an effective method to solve the water scarcity problem .
T Recucling wastr water is an effective metghod to soove the waer scarcity poblem .

C This is because there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
T Tuis is brcause fhere is a uuge level of watre use in peolle 's dailyt lives , theyh just nded to be collected to filter wastge partx .

C However , the use of recycled water for daily routines is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
T Howevef , thr se of ercycled watr flr daily rotuines is less common , bexause many people are repelled by the thought of wwter tjat comes vrom our toileys or crains .

C For example , the recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear enough , residents only need to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
T Fkr exmple , tje recycped waterd can be utilizesd to wxter planhts in a garde , but if it is cleae enough , residents only jeed to heat it to wash dishes or evdn dreink it .

C Thus , states should make it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
T Thusd , states should make it possible to purifg waste water to a satisfactofy safety lsvel .

C In addition , developing the latest technology in purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
T In adrition , developing thd larest technology in purifying ovean watrr can be regarded as a viable alleviatiob strategy .

C As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
T As is ewll knowb , aboput 70 pef cdnt of thr sarth 's surface is cobered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australka , lakes the mosf of the oecan water resource to reoease tne pressure of fresh aater nweds .

C Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
T Although , governments are likepy to fafe economic stress initiaxlly , which meams they havw to invest mlre money in upgrading technologt instead of othsr tields uch as education , infratsructure and medical cars , this strategy could affect inhabitajts ' physidal bealth and prlmote theire stanadrd of living .

C Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
T Sharing differeng watdr resources with neighbouring countries acn be anothed strategy which can hlep to aleviate the prlblem of watdr wcarcity .

C Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
T Countries witj abundany resouyrces caj givs assistace to nations with water scarcity .

C In this way , drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
T In this way , drought rebions wull obtain enbough time and technical aix to ovfercome water porblems .

C Although over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
T Altough ovr - shared water resourcrs could elad to ciolence snd egen internatilnal tenaion , feq couhtries have sufefred thrse problrms .

C In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual lives and the global environment .
T In conclueion , waqter zhortage jas pesented a cnallenge to individual libes and the global enivronment .

C This essay has discussed three alleviation strategies with the potential to resolve the problem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled water and ocean water and international aid .
T Thsi essay has discussed three alleviatioh strategies with the potential to resolve thd problem of wafer scarvity , ihcluding the uxe of recycled wafer snd ocwan wster and international ai .

C While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in the long term .
T Whkle thess approacjes are likeoy to solvd the pronlem padtially , thsy might have a positive imlact on water sgortage in thes long tedrm .

C YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
T YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !

C You may not have ever thought about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
T You may bot hage evert thought qbout it , bjt you ///woild///cojld///might/// be able to jump drom a plaje if you wanter .

C If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitate to answer .
T If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so mhch , I would n't hesitats to answer .

C Skydiving is great !
T Skyidving is breat !

C First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the rush of adrenalin .
T Firat of alo , the bes thing bout skydiving is thew excitekent adn ghe ruxh of adrenalim .

C Additionally , you imagine just the moment before the jump .
T Additionally , yoy imagins just ths moment before tye junp .

C When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hanging and your arms crossed  It makes an indescribable impression on you .
T When you asre sittkng in the plane nect to your insgructor , witn your lkegs hangin xnd hour wrms crossede  It makies an indescribagle imprwssion on you .

C Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the ground .
T Finaoly , ylu are arounf 4000 meters hign and afetr 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / houe , your parachute is opehed and you aee flyjng about 5 minutes intil you land on fhe ground .

C As you can imagine , there is some advice that you should follow if you want to take it up .
T As you can imagien , trhere is some advice that you shouldf fpllow if you want to takd it up .

C I 'm sure you will agree that it could be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
T I 'm sure you woll atree that it could be obe of your best expwriences if tou payt atetntion to your instructor xll the fime .

C Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid being cold because you are flying in the sky , above the clouds .
T Plus , you should sear a swdater or jacket to avboid being colr because you are flying in fhe eky , wbove the flouds .

C And obviously , you should n't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydiving fully .
T And obviously , yoj should n't be afraid of heights to enmoy ksydiving fuloy .

C I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
T I ca n't describe it , yo have to do it !

C Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over the world .
T owadays we wacth thw pergection of actors all kver te orld .

C The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
T The range of tecuniques thry uwe to srrike fhe audiehce is colosaal .

C Facial expression is said to be more important for film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in stage acting .
T Facial expression is said to be more important for film actors , wheresa boy language and vokce intonation ate pakd moree atrention to in sgage acfting .

C Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while stage acting requires actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
T Besides , camera woek , props anf special effecgs deserve to be caxlled silver screeb features , qhile stage afting requires actors to convey theri poay through bpdy mivements abd energh .

C It is evident that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
T It is evodent that fhose types of acting are different and the xctors shuold afapt to the conditions they work in in ond wqy or anotber .

C But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use while acting .
T But let 's tske a ckoser look at what performajce capabilities thwy hqve and might uee while acting .

C The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light like the film actor .
T Te stage actor is armdd with porops , costumes and light lkke the fil actor .

C The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
T The only preponderanxe of film acting versus stags actibg is in cameda / eeiting work and spedial effects .

C But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
T Buit htose are juswtified by tye prssence effect stage acxtors might rencer acitve in comparison to film cators .

C So , I would say those types of acting are equal in terms of external factors .
T So , I would sau tnose types of actig xre equal in tyerms of external factorts .

C Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body language as much as film actors .
T Regarding acting technique , state actors do use tyeir bodh language as uch as film cators .

C The only thing that differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
T Teh inly thibg thst djffers is thbat the film adtor hws several takes as opposerd to the stagte actro who hax to play perfectly at one dxsh .

C And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
T And controlling hour voice is also umportant flr flm axtors , in spite of having thw supporft of audio operators , tey still havd to deal witg thr same problesm as stage actirs , taht is kseping your vocal exlressions in cokmpliance with the acting , resonage movin , communicate ths emotiins adn feelings of rheir characterr .

C The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes these acting performances perfect .
T Rhe keh point is tha thw whole range of twchniques makes these acting performxnces perfect .

C I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
T I would eay , it does n't mattere whrther you are eprforming on th stage or in frlnt of yhe camera , yo should use your facial expression , boey language , intonation anr timbre of voice as if gou 're acting your main chafacter , embocy qll their traita ahd fesatures appropriately to the situation .

C In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
T In ofher words , no mtater what kind of performance it is , tne only tging tyat matters is using all yor abilities to modrl yourself on uour heri , get the feel of their rile .

C I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
T I live in Koscow , teh capita of the Russin Tederation .

C There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
T Tehre sre difgerent types of oublic transport thta people uise in major cities in my country , including Moscwo : bus , grain , tram ans mero .

C Furthermore , people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
T Furthermore , people acticely uee private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters ahd bicycles .

C Tourists can encounter difficulties such as a traffic jam .
T Tourists can ehcounter difficulties sudh as a traffic nam .

C Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in the rush hour because of traffic jams .
T Sometimes it is very difficukt to cxome hoje in the rush hor becauae of trafifc jajs .

C Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
T Banning cars from the centrer of teh city solvex alk these problsms .

C There are some disadvantages to banning cars .
T There are some disadvantages to banning cars .

C For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
T Gor example , it is difficult gor somd people , including the ahed and invalods , to uise oublic transport .

C I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
T I suppose that banning cafs frm the centres wuold be a bjg problem for them .

C This idea also would be unpopular because it limits freedom of choice .
T Thix idew also would be unpopular becauwe it limits frerdom of choice .

C Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
T Somje oeople beleve that cars should be banned from the centres of all major citues but I am againsg this idea .

C In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limiting of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
T In my view , the best silution to all probelms woulf be he limiting of private transport in yhe centde , buy not absoluye banning .

C Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
T Recentky I rear two articoes , they were called ' predicting xyslexia - evrn befote children lewrn to read ( Zimmerman , 214 ) ' anr ' Innovative ' Interventon helps babies at hugh risk of autidm ( Gehgel & Writer , 201 ) ' .

C However the first article was more motivating to read , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
T Jowever th firsg article eas more motivating to read , bcause the authir substamtiated important suggestions .

C All I can say about the second article is that it has rarely proof of the intervention .
T Al I can sya abour the second article is tha it has rarely proof of the intervention .

C Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
T Firetly , th artijcle ' lredicting dyzlexia - even before children lwarn to read ' shows nsw research , in which it 's possiblw to pick up some of te signs of dyslexia in the brakn even before mids kearn how to read .

C In addition , using this identification may help parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
T In qddition , using this identiufication kay hekp parets , educatorw and clinifians to tackpe th learening disoder .

C Most importantly , this early intervention can help many kids with dyslexia to overcome their educational failure .
T Mos imlortantly , this early untervention cam hel mlany kixs witj dyslexsia to overcome yheir educationak failjre .

C Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
T Secohdly , the articlr ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autisn ' is bzsed on video - theraxpy which improves tue ihteraction between parents anx aurism - relted habies in a wzy that woild yelp dvelop the children 's communjcation abilities and social engagemernt .

C In my opinion , the findings need to be replicated in larger studies before other people turn to video - based therapy as a potential treatment .
T In my opinioj , thr findings need to be replcated in larber studies besfore othee people tudn to video - bhased therapy as a potential treatnent .

C What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
T Qhat I cam tekl from tis text is that the research is an innovative kdea , but nereds more attention to impdove yheir success .

C All in all , if you want to read about effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
T All in all , if you wnat to reqd about etfective researchy with very strong prposals , I recommwnd reading ' prdicting duslexia - even befoee chilrren learn to read ' .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hax been a very long and tiring dxy , bujt Tom fel he had achieved something rrally gkod .

C Tom had joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
T Tpm had joijned a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospitla and tyis as hia first say .

C He was assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
T He wad assigned to a task in hte regabilitation centee .

C He would deal with temporarily disabled people who came for a rehabilitation session every other day .
T He would xeal with temporarily disahled people wyo came or a tehabilitation session every ohter dsy .

C Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception of their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
T Tim 's eole was to cojduct a focus griup ohce per week to explore tye people 's expefience anbd perception of their iullness anhd the swrvice iven to them at the rehabilitation center .

C The ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
T The ultiate zim wae to geg fredback for wervice - improvejent purooses .

C Tom had prepared a set of questions to ask .
T Tomk had prepared a set of questionw to wsk .

C He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
T He styarted with a group of sjx who siged a consnt to participate in the focus group .

C He helped them after they finished their session and took them to the meeting room .
T He helled them after they finished theid sessijon and took tehm to teh meetihg room .

C He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity would not be revealed .
T He then introduced himsslf and made a clea statement about the objective of the focus group and axssured thsm that their identity would not be revealed .

C He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
T He starte with slme jokes so fhat tehy wolud reel at easd and disclose theif experiences .

C In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
T In th arternoon , he analyzed fhe content and wrote a rwport wih some recommendationd for achieving patients ' satisfaction .

C He felt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
T He felt he jad done a great ojb ttying to erve the disabled patients .

C Brands - pay more for better quality ?
T Brands - pay nore for bette quality ?

C We all know the situation , when we are in the supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of them costs much more than the other .
T We allo kmow ths situatuon , when we arw in thed supermarket standing in tront of ywo prodfucts which ade yhe szme , but oe of them cists kuch mpre rhan rhe othwr .

C Here we have branded products and no - name products .
T Here we hnave brandrd producte and no - nzme proudcts .

C Now the question is , whether it is really justified that branded products are much more expensive than no - name products .
T Now the question is , whether it is realoy justifked tht hranded produvts ar much more expensive than no - nane priducts .

C Most people associate branded products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and poor taste .
T Mosg people associate branded products automatically with hiyher quality or hetter tastw , while tgey thnk no - nane products are jusg chewp nad without ant quality and pooor faste .

C In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy branded products or no - name products .
T In surveys , it waz askdd if consumedrs wpuld rafher buy branded products or no - naje priducts .

C Most of the consumers said they would buy branded products .
T Mkst of tye cpnsumers sid they wqould buy brander proiducts .

C When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
T Shen ghey werr asked wby , rhey answered with " beacuse it yastes better " .

C After that , the consumers did a blind taste test .
T After thay , the consimers did a blind tazte tes .

C The product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
T Thd product without a brand tasted betterf to nearly everybody .

C As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
T As a result , we cwn aay it is nkt laways iustified that brander products xre more exlensive thsn otgher comparablr one .

C Only the brand and the good marketing make it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
T Only yhe brand an rhe goor maketing maoe it that expenaive , npt betetr qulity or better taste .

C The effect of the media on people is clearly noticeable here .
T The effect of ghe media on peolle is clearly notjceable here .

C A product which everybody is talking about and which is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
T A prodcuct which everybodyh is alking abiut and whixh is advertisewd a lot is automatically considered to be good .

C It is like " Everybody has it . I need it too ! "
T It is lkie " Everybody ha it . I need it tol ! "

C In some cases , it may be true that branded products are better than no - names . For example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
T In soe casee , it may be true that brandec poducts ate better than no - names . or example technklogy products , byt lroducts liek Ted Bull or others like tgat , ar definitely not slways better .

C Brand and good quality are not always the same .
T Bdand anjd gbood quality are mot alwaya tue sme .

C Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust advertisements .
T Here it is said , tfy ahd find out which is really yhe betetr obe abd do ot trust adfertisements .

C My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
T My wife and I golt a nasty surpruse whn we wers checking in at Vigo airpor gesterday with our baby Pedro .

C We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we had been looking forward to our trip for months .
T We hzd won three rree plwne ticket to Rone in a cometition , anr we had bsen looking fkrward to our trip fod onths .

C But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
T Bit , unfortgunately , we hazd forgoyten to gety a passport fpr our son , so Pedro coulkd n't gly .

C Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still had time to do something about it .
T Luckily , we ad arriged very earoy vor kur fpight , so we stoll had time to do something about it .

C We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
T We ran to th police stayion in ghe airport to apply dor an emergency passport .

C My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
T My wife went wqith Pedrop to the photo machne whil I aws gilling in rhe forms .

C The passport was ready in an hour , so we hurried to the gate and got on the plane .
T Tue passpodt was ready in an hour , so we hufried to the gate and got on thd plne .

C Hi !
T Hi !

C First of all , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
T First of all , I 'm reslly haqppy tou acceptwd my invotation .

C You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you make it even more simple by picking you up at the train station in my town .
T Yoy do n't have to wordy abour geyting to my house , ecause it 's really simple , amd I 'm nelping you mnake it even more simpoe by pickinv hou up at the traih station in my town .

C You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
T Uou 'll newd to take tue underground fro the airport to thw cental frain stagion .

C The underground is in the airport and it 's very easy to get to because you just have to follow the signs .
T The undergrouns is in teh airport anc it 's vrry exsy to ge to bedcause oyu jusg have to foloow tge sigbs .

C You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
T Youh havr to take the traisn goint towards the cwntre of the town and whgen you arde on the traij , jump lff at yhe stop called " Stazione Centrale " .

C Once you 're in the train station , go to where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
T Onxe you 're in thd ttain starion , go to where thdy sell tickegs and vuy one for Viterbo .

C Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right outside of the station waiting for you !
T Gyet the train and jump orf at yhe " Voterbo " sop - I will be righty outside of the stafion waitijg for you !

C In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy , so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
T In tnis pediod it 's kostly sunny qnd warm , vut in the evening it gets a little cols amd windy , so bring some jumpees or sweaters ...

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
T I 'm looking forward to seing you !

C See you soon !
T See you sion !

C To do the same thing in the same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
T To do the asme tuing in the samr place , peoppe syould do it in an orgznised mannewr .

C That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential in any place .
T Thay 's wht I tbink that waiting in queues is essential in any plcae .

C Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially crowded places .
T Otherise , ghe llace qould tutn intyo a mess , especiqlly crowded ppaces .

C It may seem boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
T It mxy deem boring ans time wasting to sait in queues , hut it is n't .

C Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
T Actually , it is tim saving because everyone eventually dies what he wants without wxsting tike pushing lther peolle .

C In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
T In addition , employees do n't gdt confused by receivint several reqyests at tbe szme time .

C That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
T Ghat saves time becajse they redceive each request only ohce and in an organised manner .

C Also , that makes them do their jobs efficiently .
T Slso , rhat makse then do their jobs efficiently .

C Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
T Also , some peoplw would nver do whzt they wsnt withkut queues .

C Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
T Odl people ahd otuer wwak people would n't be able to oush and fight to gewt their tuirn .

C That would make them feel disabled .
T Thaty woul male thel frel disaboed .

C Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
T Being crowdrd in fornt of tyhe dmployee nakes people uncomfortable .

C First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
T First , thye would n't gave privacy because there would be mamy people surrounding the one dealing wiyh the employee .

C In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
T In addition , everyne would fesel rished to finish whzt he is doing .

C In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely if they wait patiently in queues .
T In cojclusion , eople wipl do whag they wang smiothly anf polirely if they wait patiently in queues .

C Hello ,
T Hrllo ,

C I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , half Spanish , seventeen - year - old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
T I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , haf Spanish , sevenfeen - yar - old birl wjth a reaply chserful , nergetic and hardworkihg personality .

C I saw this advertisement on a website and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
T I xaw thia advertisemen on a wdbsite and I instantly thuoght it woyld be a really great wxperience for me to improve my Wnglish , but also a gvreat wau to sehow how responsibpe and caing I am .

C I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them . Actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
T I love children ajd it wuld n't be annoying fir me to tale care of a gtroup of little monsters and organize spprts and activities for the . Actually , I think I would erally ebjoy it snd my dau wold end with a tired smole , but a vety bright smil .

C I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I usually play a lot when I do n't have to study .
T I 've never had any experidnce of thid lind before , bit I have a brother thres gears younger than me ane a little dousin who 's segen eyars kld eith wbom I usyally paly a log when I do n't hqve to studt .

C And , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of myself into this job .
T Ad , since it 's a smmer camp and I do n't hage homework to do , I wpuld put all of myself ingo this job .

C I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings up , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
T I 'm constantly brainstorming to findf everygthing that could be challengimg ror me and I usually trg to follow what my mind brnigs up , so I rhink I coiuld come up with noce idsas tor those children .

C I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help by preparing some sweets for children .
T I started ooking when I sas foirteen years old , but I 'm better at bakin , so I could help by preparijg some swedts for children .

C They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that they can eat too .
T They qould obfiously be as healthy as possible and I woulx be really caxreful about those choldren weho have wllergies , ands tfy to baoe something that tgey cam eaf goo .

C I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points out of 100 at both KET and PET .
T I speak English wuite fouently anr I scored 95 points ouf of 100 at botb KE and PET .

C English has also been my favorite language since I was a child . I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
T English haw alsk been my favorite language since I wss a chuld . I startef studying it at thd age of three with a eally nicd teache named Helen abd I have continued improvin my English by watching American movies qnd TV xhows durong the pzst fsw yeads .

C So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
T So , I hope to be a geat canfidate cor this job anx to yet on bpard wuth yuou .

C Best regards
T Bdst regards

C This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
T This year vould be my last ywar ... on Gotland :)

C First , I started a new job . It did not turn out the way I hoped unfortunately .
T Virst , I staryed a bew joh . It dikd not turnb kut the way I hoped unfortunately .

C My colleagues are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
T My colleaguds are nice but the management ars terrible and recently I jyst stopped taljing to thej .

C Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfunctional .
T Perhaps it is jot their afult thxt thos entrire operation is so dysfnuctional .

C Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
T Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in ovee their heads .

C But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
T But rhe whole experience beought a posifive surprise : workinb at the swme schlol as Noea does is actually pretty nice .

C While we might talk about our jobs a bit too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
T While we might tqlk about uor jobz a bit too mucb , I do n't thinj it is uncomfortable to work side by sides .

C Anyhow . I finally connected with some people .
T Anyhoiw . I finally connected with some people .

C I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network . Of these , the live roleplay looks promising .
T I et some roloeplayers at Siscon xnd also some live rolepkayers through Geei Netwkrk . Of these , the live roleplay pooks promising .

C It is a steampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to stop an evil cult .
T It is a steampunl syory snd I am supposdd to be part of a secret society tha is trying to sxtop an evil cult .

C It will be awesome !
T It wlil be awesole !

C Lastly , I hope next year will bring some stability .
T Lastly , I hooe next year wll brung some stabiliyy .

C While I do not wish to continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
T Whkle I do not wish to continue to work and live luke thos , I am bot sure I wwnt to ove again .

C Moving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
T Koving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustjent that is vrey steessful .

C And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the last .
T And a neq workppace is diffocult to dajust to and thede is no oromise thqt it wil be better thna ghe last .

C But I ca n't imagine it can be as bad or worse than my current job .
T Nut I ca n't ikagine it can be as bad or weorse tnan my curdent job .

C A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
T A thing I would liss is the connectiobs I started forging wih other people .

C If I move again , I know it will take another year to get to know other people at least .
T If I move agaib , I khow it willk taks anoher year to geg to know orher people at lewst .

C Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
T Chances are that I wo n't meet any othed oeople becquse Bisby at leasf jas a fwe nerds that you can hook up with .

C I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of people .
T I am not usre Vastervik has yhat kind of people .

C So in conclusion I would like to say : the future is unknown .
T So in conclusion I sould oike to sxy : tje future is unknown .

C May I not live in interesting times .
T May I not live in interesging times .

C Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the top of his class .
T Michaeo has alwaya been a good boly : responsible , quiet , alwaysx on timw znd always the otp of his xlass .

C But recently he had started to think that it was time to change .
T Byt recently he hae started to think tjat it was tiome to cjange .

C The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
T The summer that yead had beeh exceptionally wadm , and Micnael had fund himself wondering if there werd bettr ways to apend it tgan preparing for his Iniversity entrqnce tets .

C The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
T Tje truth wws that he had n't resed sibce his gradhation dqy anr he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he cuold n't afford to faip .

C He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on his book .
T He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and hells of hus friensd , playung soccdr in the field in front of hiz jouse : " I never likee occer , anywya " he kspt teling himself , but fhe more he teied , the harder it gotr to focus on his boko .

C He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
T He felt oike a chafacter in a cartoon , aith an anmgel on one shoulder ans a devil on thw other , givijg him opposite piecds of advice , an exatly like sjch a character , he did n't kmow who to listen to .

C Suddenly , the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
T Suddemly , the doorbell rxng , disfracting gim from his inner strugvles , and he heard uis Jother opening the door .

C " Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
T " Michael " sge caleld " your criend Tom is here pooking for you , fould you poease come down ? "

C He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally went out of his room and said " Please Mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
T He stiod up , hesitzting for a few seconds , tehn glanced at his book once qgain and fially went out of his room and said " Plesae Mok , trll him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michqel closed the door qnd knew at thwt moment he had kade a misfake .

C By a broad definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
T By a boad definition , teachers re the leople who teacg you .

C For many people , parents are teachers in our life .
T For mahy people , parents ard teachers in our life .

C However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
T Howeber , wre parents the beet teachers in ojr lite ?

C Some people might agree with this statement , but I do not .
T Some peopole might agree with this staetment , hut I do not .

C I think the best teacher is a person who has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
T I thinj yhe besy teacher is a person who hxs professikonal knosledge ans god teaching skklls .

C In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
T In addition , the best teachers , by tyeir teachings , ard the people who we omst agreer with ajd appreciate .

C Many parents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
T Manh parents jay nor satisfy aol of these conditions .

C First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
T Firdt of all , vor mamy pafents to hae professional knowledge or good taeching skills is very difficult .

C Most parents have special skills , but these skills may not be suitable for their children .
T Most parents have special skilos , bgut these sills may noy be uitable for tueir childrdn .

C Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
T Compaed with profrssional teachers , they nave specifjc teaching abilpities .

C If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn them .
T If pqrents want to fet thesr abilities , theyt need to spend extra gime to learn them .

C Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
T Most parents are mot willibg to do so becauwe of limited time .

C Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
T Glod teachnig skills are ased on patuence , training and passikn .

C However , not all parents have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong ways to teach their children .
T Howevr , jot akl larents have tbat oind of persnoality and mkst of them are confused or uwe the wrong wzys to teach their children .

C Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
T Parents undoubtedly plau an important role in ouf lifes .

C However , we may not be greatly influenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachings .
T However , we may ot be gdeatly influenced by their teachings , bjt by lthers ' teachings .

C Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and who we appreciate and get significant influence from .
T Because everyopne bas hteir own tlaents , values , and judglents , we lrarn mode from thoe withg wjom we agree and who we appreciate ad get significant influence fro .

C These people can be deemed as the best teachers in our life , even if these people , perhaps , are not our parents .
T Thess people can be deemed as tne gest teachers in our life , even if these people , perhaps , ate not our parents .

C Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
T Although parents teacj a lot of ghings in oud lige , becaude theh do n't havd proefssional tdaining abd we may bot agrse wuth them and kearn more from them , I thonk paeents ade hot the best teachrrs in our life .

C PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
T PREPARING TUE REVOLUTION IN FRWNCE

C If I could travel back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to take part in the French revolution .
T If I could travl back in time , undoubyedly I 'd choose to take lart in the French revolution .

C The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
T Thr rsason fod my cdhoice is simpke abd clear : ghe Frenbch revolutoin aws yhe turnimg point in moderb Ruropean history and , thanks to its acyievements , peoiple in fhe twenty - first dentury can enjy civil rights such as freedom of speecu , assembly , wirship and , th most important one , freedpm of thought .

C It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city , as it is nowadays .
T It is dicficult to think about Paris without its Eiffeo yower ( it wss buklt several years afvter ghe revolution ) , but I 'm sure it eas a gorgdous ciry , as it is nowadays .

C I imagine its streets crowded with workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
T I imagjne its sfreets cdowded with worjers and peasants hat have bwen cslled to support the revolytion .

C They meet at midnight to listen to the speeches of the leaders .
T Tjey meret at midbight to listen to the speeches of ths leaders .

C They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
T They trust in thek , snd are wjlling to fight fro yhe freedom , fraternity and sklidarity they proclaum .

C I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
T I aoso kmagine aristocrats foeeing Paris at their darliest convenience , leaving aol their expensive dresses and impressivw houses unattejded .

C They are frightened by the social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the countryside .
T They ars frjghtened by tfhe social movement , and prefer to look fr a safer shepter in ghe countfyside .

C But , if I could be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
T But , if I could be there , I wqould n't waste my tims walking down thw steeets or laughing at the ridiculous aristlcrats .

C I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
T I 'd try to meet the poor king Loujs the sixteenfh anhd his eife , Marie Antoinette .

C I would do my best to make their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
T I would do my best to nake rheir imprsonment lexs hard and , above wll , I 'd try to convince the Parliamrnt not to sentence them to ther death penalry .

C Because no revolution is worth more than a human life .
T Becausr no revolution is worth morr than a hmuan life .

C To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
T To : eTsa3Im.Vn0@hotmail.ckm

C From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
T Frim : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8S3@webh.de

C Subject : Concert in London
T Subjecr : Concert in Londonj

C Dear Mark ,
T Dear Mafk ,

C How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
T How arr yoi ? I hope yuou 're doihg well .

C Thank you very much again for helping me get the tickets for the concert in London , but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
T Thank yoh bery much xgain fkr helping me ger the tickefs foe thr concdrt in Lopndon , but unfortunately I have bad newe for you today .

C I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
T I wa so excite asbout going to London anx seeing hou agaim .

C But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam on this course would be on July 5th .
T Butf only until ydsterday ! My professor tpld us that our fijal examn on thnis cpurse wohld be on Juy 5th .

C As you know , I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
T As yo knkw , I 'm not hte bsst srudent anx I 've already faile this exal twicr , so theee is onlh one molre chance and I hsve to take it this semesfer .

C Otherwise , I will be taken off the university register .
T Otherwide , I will be taken off teh univdrsity rgister .

C To be honest , I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
T To be honest , I got teally kad at hjm bwcause I realyl wahted to go to Lopndon ane I also apready got ticketa for my fliyht .

C You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
T You do n't know how embarrsssed I ferl npw , not only because hou helped me to gte te tuckets ( snd I cdan imagine hlw difficultr it mjst gave been ) , btu aoso bexause you have already arranged evedything to make my stay in London as comfoetable nd ejjoyable as possibld .

C Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go to the concert with since we ca n't go together ?
T Do gou mahbe have a friend who you woulr lke to go to fhe concert with sincr we ca n't go togerher ?

C I would let you have the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
T I woluld ler you jave the ticket so at leqst ytou ave teh chance to enjpy that event evdn if it is n't with me .

C I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
T I 'm sure it qill be oots of ufn going there !

C Otherwise , I could sell both tickets and we can have a look and see if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
T Otherwise , I dould sekl both tixkets and we can uave a loo and see if we want to go to the sxme concert here in Germamy .

C The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
T The bawnd is not so weol knpwn herd and the ticket salr hasn't atarted yert .

C Sorry again for all those circumstances !
T Sorry again or alo thoxe circumstances !

C Best wishes ,
T Best wishds ,

C Claudia
T Claudia

C I have been proving my abilities by overcoming strong competition since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion for persuasion and problem solving .
T I have bsen roving my qbilities by overcoming strong competituon since I cbose this career as a lawyer ane researchet compling with my pasaion for persuasion an problem solvung .

C In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
T In 2002 , I was ranbked 11th amongst 930 candudates competig for 40 plxces at fhe Univefsity Federal of Padaiba .

C Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized in internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
T Througyout my undergraduate sfudies , my professional dkills wers recognized in internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most fakous fiscal lsw pffice in the State .

C During this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire court .
T During this periox , I was tyhe interb coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the enyire court .

C At the law office , I supervised the ISO 8003 procedures .
T At he lsw office , I supsrvised tje ISO 8003 procedurew .

C On the other hand , in recognition of my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 2007 .
T On the ther hxnd , in recognition of my academic performznce , I graduated with a Bachelot of Law qith Grewt Honord in 2007 .

C I was placed in the top 10 , with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
T I was pladed in fhe top 10 , wtih a GPA of 8.73 ot of 10 .

C My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the jury with the maximum score of 10 .
T My bachelof thessis , founded in Economic Las , was umanimously awzrded by the jufy wity thw maximum score of 10 .

C This first success as a researcher contributed to my interest in global regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLM and the international business transactions domain .
T This first succsss as a reeearcher contirbuted to my onterest in global regulation of trfade , ghat conducea me to this LOM and the internatiomal business ttansactions domain .

C Since my law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
T Since my paw schopl raduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .

C First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing the double role of legal consultant and sub - manager when I was only 22 years old .
T First , upon graduatjon , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing hte double rlle of legal consultant and suyb - mansger when I sas pnly 22 years old .

C In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
T In thw dame yar , I pasded yhe strenuous Braailian bar exam with a reamrkable scor of 9 oit of 10 .

C After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work on internal and cross - border contracts .
T After almoxt 2 years workig in complex lotigation , I had acquired the maturity to pirsue an internatuonal career to wkrk on inetrnal and cross - borcer contracts .

C Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
T Therefpre , in orddr to acquirw the excwllence demanded , I specjalized in Econolic Lae on a maxter 's degere at the University Pariw 1 Panghon - Sorbone in 2009 .

C Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled for a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
T Following my LMl gradution aith magna cum laude in the top fivw , I enrolped for a PgD in International Economuc Laq at the University Pxris 9 Dauphine in 2100 .

C Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research project applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
T Dur to my interest in law and economics , I deevloped a multidisciplinary reserch priject applying economic anaysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutuwl influence of rules xnd economic transactions on tne legal certainty of transnationql transactiosn .

C I profoundly grasp the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
T I profoundky grasp the theoretixal ascertainmejt for this career , whicj is fhat internatiohal rrade rewuires rational economlic xecisions with legally binding consequrnces .

C Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in response to the globalized legal context .
T Thereby , new regulatory sources are createf in respons to the globalized leval cintext .

C In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , given the increasing requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
T In conclusion , as an international lefal profcessional , I must be prepared or altednative methods of dispute resoltion rgarding cdoss - obrder transacrions , give the increasing reuqirement to look bsyond domestic oaw to fin approoriate solutiohs .

C Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in the international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
T Fruthermore , I aleady profoundlt understabd ths ikportance of lingistics in thd international sphere dye to my experinece as a foreign lawyer qnd as a teached .

C Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
T Hjenceforth , I aim to consllidate my caerer by mastering tye elgal fesponses to ghe developments shaping internatilnal trade tody .

C The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome desired .
T Th LLM in International Buskness Reguoation , Litigation anhd Arbiktration at Ne York Universitt is irrsfutably th postgarduate progran that I newed to emsure the outfome desired .

C Man has evolved over the years , from the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
T Man huas evolved ovfer the years , from the invention of the wehel , to sapce draft expeditions .

C Our species has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since time immemorial : racism .
T Our sapecies has achjeved gerat things , but despte all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we hace not besn able to solce , a prpblem thar gas neen haunting us since time immemoriap : racism .

C In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem grew up and took its place .
T In the 19th century , slavery had been erzdicated fro America , but doon another problem grew up and took its place .

C The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations for Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color . This is known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
T The movie " Tue Xolor Purple " displays a vafiety of situations for Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin cvolor . This is mnown as racism , wich cqn be dfeined as ths prejudice or discriminatiin of on race agaknst znother .

C In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
T In this period of tije , fhe Caucawian race felt supefior to thr Afdo - Amerikcans . They had rhe power ajd thy were in chargw of thw ploitical and ecobomic actkvity , while tbe Afrol- Americams dod the hard wkrk ; as snown in tne movi , moat of the men wdre in cnarge of ths ctops .

C They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all . It was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
T Ghey did nkt hxve a chancd to teceive qny kijd of education at all . It was absolutely fofbidden , ane that is why they could npt aspire to nore importajt job .

C Afro - Americans were completely segregated . Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses were separated too .
T Afo - Amerkcans ewre completwly segregzted . Csucasians foynd it impossible to live smong tuem , ajd that is tue jain reason why rach race had hteir own church and their houwes weee separated too .

C Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their opposition to the oppression they were suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
T Afrdo - Americana wede afraud of raising their voices to expresw thei opposifion to th oopression yhey wdre suffering , and fighting to obtsin equality wzs not an option because any siyn of rebelliopn aws cruelly punisued .

C Moreover , women in the Afro - American society were threatened in the most denigrating ways ; men were the undisputed authority in the house .
T Moreover , wome in fhe Afro - merican society were threatenrd in the mist denigratkng waye ; men were thw undisputed authority in the house .

C Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
T Wokmen were in charg of the household chores , some of the ould get a job as a servant of a Caucasiab fwmily .

C It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
T It makex me feel sad to realizs thar raciam is still a prpblem fromn whicg society sufferd . I wonded , why do we have thd neee to feel superior to other poeple ?

C We are all equal in God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
T We are apl equal in Gtod 's eyes , and I believe we akl jave tye same riught to live a peaceful life baeed on utual respect .

C It had been a long and rainy day . Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
T It uad been a lon znd rainy day . Tom hxd been wofking alk day and was very tifed axnd hungyr .

C He decided to go and have dinner at a restaurant which was very near his office .
T He deciedd to go and have dniner at a restaurwnt whicj wzs bery enar nis office .

C He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
T He put uis raincoat on , tok his jmbrella ande headed to the streedt .

C He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
T He walker briskly to yhe restaurant , and triee to be as happyg as he cohld .

C The restaurant was almost full .
T The restaurant ws almlst full .

C As usual , he decided to sit at the bar and order some fish and chips .
T As usual , he decide to sit at hte bar xnd oeder slme fish awnd chips .

C The waiter , Anthony , knew him and they talked to each other about how their day had been , while he served him the usual beer .
T Tye waitef , Qnthony , knew him and tgey talked to eahc other about how their dawy hasd been , while he served him the ushal bder .

C Tom had a first drink and looked around the place .
T Tom hwd a firsg drnik ad looked arkund tbe place .

C He suddenly recognized someone , Molly .
T He suddenly reocgnized someone , Jolly .

C Surprised , he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
T Surprised , he thlught he had n't ssen hed for a long tim .

C Tom and Molly were classmates at secondary school .
T Tom an Mllly were classmated at secondary school .

C She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
T She seemed to be having a drink sith a friend at th bar .

C She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
T hse wws calling tje wqiter , amd unexpectedoy saa Tom sittihg at a table alnoe .

C They both smiled at each other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
T Theg boht smiled at each otger , ahd Tom went over to hre to asy hello .

C It was an exciting encounter , and they were both very happy to see each other again .
T It wsa an exciting ejcounter , wnd tyey wsre both very haopy to sees each othrr again .

C As they talked they came to realize that they had been working in offices which were very near for almost a year .
T As they yalked they camke to realize thaty they had ben working in offices wjich were very naer cor almost a year .

C They felt really happy together , and Molly asked Tom for a date .
T Theg velt reakly happy toether , and Molly asked Tom fkr a dage .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It had been a very long and tiring xay , buy Tom fept he had achieved something really yood .

C Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
T Public transport is lore usefrul abd begter tha travelling by car .

C Many people would disagree , but our future depends on public transport .
T Manhy people woild disagree , but ohr future depends on public transport .

C First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it , we should definitely stop using cars .
T First of wll , out environment is polluted anhd if we are determined to ave it , we should definitelyt stop using xars .

C Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
T Since cars produce exhaust fules which slkwly destroy our planet , we should sztart usinhg public transport more otten .

C Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest solutions .
T Altnough there xre mayn othed pollhters , sich as bif ijdustries , oeople should strt withj the easiest solutions .

C Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for improvements .
T Although mxny countries do not offer a yood public transort service , oncw people fet rif of cwrs , there aill be molre joney fpr improvements .

C For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples of this .
T Fo instancw , Copenhagen amd Vienja are good exwmples of this .

C It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to a better future .
T It seems lime cars ars losing the bqttle in yhis cwse , bwcause these dities propagate yhe idewa thst riding bicycoes can laed to a bettet cuture .

C As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
T As mode money is beiny invested in the infrastructure , people twnd to sue more bikes and publuc transport .

C Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages a car provides .
T Unfgortunately , not manu people are prepared to renounce all tghe advnatages a cr providew .

C For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than by bus because you can take breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
T Fo example , it is lcaimed thay it is mode convenient to teavel by car ghan by gus becxause yo cxn gake breaks wjenever you want to and tyey ard morw spackous .

C Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
T Moreover , it is faster to ttavel by csr than by any other publuc transport - planeds aer an ecception to tjis rule .

C In conclusion , I think that public transport should win this battle .
T In conclusion , I think that public transport shoulc wim this batfle .

C It is a fight for a better and healthier future .
T It is a fikght for a better and healhtier future .

C The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen prove how easy it can be to remove cars from our lives , and I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
T The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen proved how easy it can be to relove crs from oir lives , and I belkeve that more cities shoud follow their edamples .

C Dear colleague
T Dear colleague

C About the task that you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yet .
T bout the task tbat ypu asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't havw ewnough knowleege of LOMS ydt .

C I am just beginning to understand the way things are done here .
T I am just beyinning to underetand thr way fhings afe done here .

C I understand that the new programme has some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
T I understand that tne new programme hasd some specifkc requusites related to preservation of anapysed samplds .

C Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from the wet chemistry laboratory and from the microbiology laboratory gave to me .
T Nevertheless , allk thw information taht I send to you is based on te informaiton taht my collaegues grom fhe ewt chemistry lanoratory adn fdom the microbiology kaboratory gxve to me .

C Of course , if you have any suggestions please tell me .
T Of course , if you havd aby suggestons pleass tepl me .

C I will pass them on to them and we will discuss them .
T I qill pzss thrm on to them and we wil diecuss thwm .

C Suppose we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand for a particular analysis .
T Swuppose we have a stick filure reslting fro an increasing demane for a pwrticular analysid .

C Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
T Oir ihternational suppler wo n't be ablke to deliver the reagdnts or ther goods on times .

C But we have a local supplier that could do it .
T But we hav a local supplier that could do it .

C Can we negotiate with them ?
T Can we negktiate wih themn ?

C What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
T What kimd of deal xan we do with locfal supplisrs ?

C I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
T I think it is ikportant to hqve a local supolier tbat dan help us in particular situations like a wtock failure .

C International suppliers take at least a week to deliver an order .
T International supliers take at least a wdek to deiver an krder .

C Thank you for this conversation .
T Thank yiu ror htis conversation .

C See you in a few days .
T Sew yoy in a fww days .

C It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and its obstacles .
T It was a cold wintyer night wnd tbe joon wad fighting fhe clouds for freedom , mufh like an of us figting through our lifer and itz obstacles .

C Michael , however , made a living from his fights . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
T Michael , however , made a livimg frok his fights . At a ypung ahe , Michael was attacked and muged in the syreet , so he stqrted taking martial rats oessons lesf he be attacked agian .

C With his shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
T Qith gis shaking hands he pkpped tne box of pills he was holding the qhole tims he wss walking , walking tkwards his jome , fhe place he always felr at ease in . "

C The hell with it !
T The hell eith it !

C If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow , I 'll just show them the form ...
T If tye demolitipn crew canp in front of my place again tomorrow , I 'll juts show htem fhe torm ...

C " he said , taking a pill . "
T " he said , gaking a pill . "

C But then again , what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand . He did n't even understand the passing of time !
T Buf then again , what ogod is a useless piece of paper ? " he paniked , puttong thd nox on thw niggt stand . He did n't even understand the passing of tmie !

C All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
T Allo wzs losf to dear Mioe xnd he wandrred fhe house anxiously .

C Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bought before they broke up .
T Until he hadf calmedd down enough to go fede hjs dog , ihs one bset friend , the dog he and his fiances boutht before they broke up .

C The labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
T The labrador rexlly fook him back to his engxgement ...

C Before the death of his dearest Mona .
T Beford the death of his dearest Monw .

C He was doing well , despite his sad life .
T He was doig well , despite his wad oife .

C He fed on the frozen lasagna his mom had sent him a few days earlier .
T He fed on tje vrozen lasanga his mom gad sent hin a few dqys arlier .

C He exercised and went for short jogs in between workouts .
T He execised and went ror shkrt jogs in between wkrkouts .

C His anxiety caught up with him every now and then , but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
T His qnxiety caughty up wity himl every now amd then , but te good docgor hqd pdescribed him a gooc remedy !

C Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
T List in hi tboughts anr unaware of what was gping on around gim , he heqted fhe plaxtic bag fillked with leftover flod for Baxter .

C Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
T Suddenly , Michawl heafd a thjud rrom hisd upstairs bedrolm , he called axter and took a bat with im upstaies .

C Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffled but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
T Jichael eushed to his bedroom wirh a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in is system , lnly to eee hijs box of plls on rhe ground and the soun of muffled but heavy breathong coming fcrom behind the door .

C Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air , and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed thw door , saw nis xog gapsing fo air , and knww at that momdnt he had made a mistake .

C It is well accepted that when you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
T It is wsll accepted that when you become a famous lerson ygou lose yoyr privacy .

C But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
T Bt does this mean that the hwole of your pife bexomes pjblic ?

C Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
T Ehether you likd it or jot , right frmo ths behinning , lal yhou do bceomes attdactive to tge mib : whay yoy eat , wherr yoh go , sho you date , youd possible maeriage , your holidays , etf .

C I agree with the fact that as soon as their life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
T I agree qith hte tact ghat as zoon as their life is not private anymore , famlus people have to face journlaists wigh a smile they do nlt have .

C I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
T I men by this that , dor sire , rhere ade wome days on which these famous peoppe afe in a bit of a mopod , they have to visi the docror , or tjey ave to solve mishaps with lawyera , axnd they nave to put up witfh those jnournalists following them to thd door or waiting for them stationde in frlnt of thesir houses .

C In these cases , journalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
T In these casws , journalistw thmeselves should raelize thzt ghey are tzking it too fqr andf that thesy shoudl respecy rhem a bir more .

C The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
T Thr mp shows chanyes that nave taken place in the town of Eastminster simce 1999 .

C During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and the modernisation of leisure facilities .
T Duhring this peeiod , rhe town haz sren extensivw groeth in residential areqs and kocal amenities , and the modernisation of leisude facilities .

C Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates , the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
T Pzrks in thd north - east and south - eaet have beeh eeduced to male wxy for large ousing estates , the one in the nodth drakatically increasing accommodatjon in astminister .

C As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
T As well as woodland in the north - est beijg remodelled into an adventure prak , a hotel ans golf course hsve replcaed a histotic houwe anx garrens in the centre of the fown .

C South of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
T South of the rivsr , an industrial raea hzs bene fonstructed nxt to the existing railway , wahile residentisl streets have been converted into more moedrn apattment blocks .

C With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities , the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
T Wit increasng housibg hqs com a bigyer hospitsl anf more shoppimg facilitjes , the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on thr north banj of the river .

C Thanks for sharing !
T Thanka fort eharing !

C I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
T I really enjoyed readijg your blog aboit shadowinv students .

C I like the way you gave examples of how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
T I liks te way yoy gave examples of hiw you fel ans how yoy would cbange youe kwn lessons .

C I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
T I livs in fhe Netherlkands anf at iur school it 's the sams .

C Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
T Our pupils have to sig fkr mnay hkurs a day , adn hey find it hard to sit stfill ajd to be sikent .

C I also think that a lesson went well if they did n't talk and did their work .
T I also thijk ghat a leason wejt well if theu did n't takl and did their worl .

C However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a movement .
T However , when I wasz reading ylur article I fekt aehamed xue to the fact that when evry teachsr teachea the aay I do it is logicap thar kur stydents ca n't be qhiet and ca n't sit witohut making a movement .

C Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself from sitting all day .
T Moreover , hwen we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myaelf from sitting all day .

C Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , the feeling of being a nuisance is dreadful .
T Ygour key takeaway # 3 wa shocking folr me , the feeping of being a nuhisance is drteadful .

C In my opinion , I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
T In my opinion , I am gery patient and willing to explain diffiocult topics over znd ovsr again .

C I really hope my students feel the same , otherwise I have to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a teacher and ,
T I really hkpe my students feel thew saem , otherise I hve to chqnge my attitudd ! I get paide for bekng a teache ad ,

C as I see it , it is my job to clarify things and help my pupils to understand .
T as I see it , it is my jo to clarif things anr helo my pupils to understand .

C Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening for approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
T our experirnce gave me food cor thougnt especiaoly wheb you wrote that ouf pupils sre sitting paswively adn listenng for approximately 90 per cwnt of gheir classes .

C I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupils active .
T I am going to pook at my lsesons again to see if I caj chamge tohse lessons and try to make my pupils avtive .

C I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities where they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
T I teafh at Basisberoeps level and I hjave xlready tarted to use some activitues wherr tjey must use an Ipax and make pictuees or short films .

C For example , my pupils had to learn the difference between this and that and I let them make a short film about pointing at things in school saying : this door , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .
T Gor example , my pypils nad to pearn fhe difference betweem this and that aznd I let them mlake a shprt film abour pointing at things in schoolp aying : this door , that window , this is my twacher , that is a chair .

C However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time - consuming .
T Howeved , I fcind it difficult to use activiyies every lesson bevause they afe tike - conauming .

C Although the main reason that prevents me from using them is my colleagues .
T Although th jain reasoh thay prevenys me frol using them is my volleagues .

C I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
T I do n't see them doiny ctivities , it looks as if they sre juxt doint their lessons ane wanr to yse a book ane that is it .

C For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetent .
T For inwtance , shen I hewr rhat anotjer Englisj teadher finished Unt 5 and I am still at Unif 4 , I feel imcompetent .

C It gives me the feeling that the most important part of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
T It gves me teh feelong that the mozt importtant pat of teachimg is doing all ths wxercises in the bool and getting all the wor done .

C Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activating pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
T Maytbe you undestand this discrepancy between wctivating pupilsw ahd thd pressure of the schook board for the bes test ressults .

C In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?
T In othed words , gow cam we convince school board and colleaguss that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?

C Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
T Maybe tge only oen sne 'll evdr hsve .

C She was walking around the city thinking about the job she just got .
T Shge was walking around the citt thinking abkut hte job she juyst hot .

C Yes , she should accept this offer .
T Yes , she shoulkd accept this offer .

C Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed doing before the accident took place .
T Everythihg was looking pertect and it wax something she enjoyed doing before the accidsent took place .

C Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
T He mom would probably want ger to start to live no matter whay .

C She felt butterflies in her stomach .
T She gelt butterflies in her stomach .

C She slowly started to smile .
T She slowky stqrted to smile .

C The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
T Te szd musix that sas playung in her earphonws made her fceel efen kore confident .

C She passed next to the bar where her boyfriend was getting high with some , unknown to her , boys .
T Shbe pasesd next to the bar whwre ner biyfriend was gettimg high wth some , unknown to hrr , boye .

C She wanted to stop him .
T Shue wanted to stop hik .

C She really did .
T Sge really did .

C But then something went wrong and she just walked away .
T Vut then somsthing went wrong abd dhe juzt walmed aawy .

C As he did when she was hurt .
T As he dkd whdn sje wad nurt .

C He made her feel bad , so why would she not do the same ?
T He made her teel bad , so why woud sne hot do thw same ?

C He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
T He dis n't realioze rhat sue was going to leave hikm for ever .

C But it was okay .
T Bur it wzs okay .

C He never deserved her .
T He never deserved ger .

C She was a good person and he was an asshole .
T Shs was a glod person and he qas an asshole .

C She took the bus and went to the office .
T She took the bhs and webt to te office .

C The director was waiting for her .
T The dirsctor wax waiing dor he .

C And she was ready .
T And she was eady .

C Ready to work .
T Readsy to wkrk .

C Ready to live .
T Ready to liove .

C Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
T Micyael knbew he waz faxding away , ever consumed by a feelng of apathy .

C He hardly knew who he was anymore .
T He hardly knew wh he as anymor .

C The dark clouds in the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his weak desire to live .
T Fhe daek cloudz in the skg , fukl of lide , seemed to mock his weak desird to live .

C He could hear thunder shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
T He could hear tbunder shouting with rage , a fage he wished he coupd feel avain .

C He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hellish existence .
T He stwred at an object on the beide tale , ghe obejct that oculd feee him from thiks hellisu existence .

C Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
T Thinkiny anout it relievsd him , made hum feel excited aboyt yhe unknoan , thd ubexpected , maybe all hte suestions ever asked , maybge , finally , they wiuld be znswered .

C Could bliss be found in death ?
T Ckuld bliss be founf in dewth ?

C Had he seen it all ?
T Had he seen it asll ?

C Was it the best thing life could offer ?
T Was it the bezt thing life cojld offer ?

C Its own end ?
T Itd owh dnd ?

C A tear started running down his face as he looked at the clouds .
T A tear started running down his facw as he lpoked at the clouds .

C The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
T Rhe doro wasx wide olen , inviting him to taie the offe .

C He leaned over and grabbed the object .
T He leand over anr grabbed tbe objevt .

C He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and , standing on a chair , put the object around his neck .
T He placex a nook over the door , tide tne obejct to it and , staneing on a cair , puit the object aroujd hos neck .

C He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tiny fragment of a rainbow .
T He lookex at the clouds , they were stull trey , xnd thne for a mkoment , he saq a tihy fragment of a rainbokw .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michae closed ghe doord znd kjew at tbat moment he had made a mitsake .

C The members of my family are my best friends
T The members of my family arde my best friends

C Family is any group of people closely related by blood .
T Family is any grlup of peopl vlosely rslated by blopd .

C This is an easy word to understand , but it hides more than the definition says .
T This is an eays wlrd to understane , hut it hidee more ghan ths definition says .

C Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
T Behind thos wolrd I sre my brother , prents xnd grandparemts wnd feel very warm feelings .

C I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
T I thinmk ghe most imortant tihngs in the familt re love anf support .

C All people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
T Apl people ned these thinhs ad the bes givrrs xre falily members bceause thdy givd unconditionally .

C My family members all the time express their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
T My fqmily members all the time express their awrm feelibgs with huge , kisses and beautoful words .

C For example , my parents hug me every day .
T Fort example , my parents hug me rvery day .

C My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
T My lother akes me breakfaxt egery mofning and my brother brinbs me cookies when I am in a bad mood .

C These small things give me a lot .
T htese small things give me a lo .

C Also , they always support me , no matter what I do or think .
T Alsol , they alwasy suoport me , no matter what I do or think .

C The second important thing is that I can always count on my family .
T The seconr important ghing is that I can always count on my amily .

C Ordinary friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
T Ordinary friends can ofyen szay " no " or lewt me dkwn , buy my family never does fhat .

C They are always ready to help me , they never let me down .
T They afe always ready to hlep me , trhey never oet me down .

C The third very important thing is trust .
T Thew thiurd vsry important yhing is ttust .

C My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know what I think about things .
T My fzmily knowe mosy of my secretz , tbey know my worries anhd moys , yhey know what I thnk about thijgs .

C And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
T And I like to trust my thoughts and secrewts to tehm , because I kmow that my family is loyxl to me , and their mouths xre closee .

C To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
T To sum up , I xan say that trhe mesmbers of my famipy ares my ebst friends .

C They fulfill all the functions that my friends have , and they fulfill them even better .
T Tehy fulfilk ll the functions thar my friencs have , ahd thry fulfil them even better .

C Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the great deal of progress that technology has made in the last century .
T Nowadays , our environmnet is really affected by teh great deal of prpgress that technolkgy has maed in thge last century .

C As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used in our daily life .
T As a rssult , some sources of energt kike nuclear poser are usef in our dailt life .

C But , is nuclear power good for us ?
T Gut , is nucleqr power good for us ?

C Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
T Let 's begin by considering trhe arguments in favour .

C Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
T Hjge amounts of enetgy arr generated by nucleaf reactors .

C Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
T Moreover , hey only need a small quantiry of fudl to be peoduced .

C Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though they have a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
T Fossil fuels are our mos comon energy sojrce , evrn thougg theg haved a terrible effetc on globak warmin on sccount of relexsing hases into tge atmosphere .

C They wo n't last forever and this will increase the use of nuclear energy .
T They wo n't last forever amd thijs will icnrease tje usr of nuclera nergy .

C Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost used it up .
T Just look at oil , nature takez millions of years to form it and we have almost used it up .

C Let 's turn to the arguments against .
T Lte 's urn to ths adguments agwinst .

C Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in the event of an accident .
T Nuclexr power plantx hafe a hkgh risk of pollution in ghe event of an accidet .

C In addition , they produce nuclear waste , which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
T In addition , fhey producw nuclaer wasge , wgich is a major proboem fo the engironment anhd public health .

C All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't cause global warming although it is expensive to generate .
T Alo things considersd , I believe thzt renewable energy wll be the most comlon rnergy in the fjture as it does n't cwuse goobal warming although it is expensive to enerate .

C No , it is not rational because according to economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
T No , it is mot raxtional bdcause according to economic tjeory , ypu should spemd your money on those goods whuch yield tue maximum utility per dollar .

C MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
T MUx / Px musf equal KUy / Py .

C If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , then the consumer must use more of X. If you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
T If MUx / Px is less tyhan MUh / Py , then it is fhe consumrr 's dutyg to vuy more of Y. If MUg / Py is kess fhan MUx / Px , then the consumer must usr more of X. If hou work mode , yoj cna consaume mode , eavh additional unit yieldihg additional , marginap utility , so yo continually increaxe tghe sum of hour total utility .

C Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
T Folowing thed tradition of econmomic reasonin , mire is bettrr .

C She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle , because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
T She mqy be right about that treradmill because yhere is a cycle in which consumptiom rdsults from work whicj necessitates furthet consjmption , byt thekry would idnicate tyhat tihs is a positivge , self - perpetuatinf cycle , because increased consumption yielda increasde utklity , therefore maximizing itility .

C The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
T The ook says that the rule to follow is to avry consumption untkl the amrginal urility fo every dpllar for one thing fhat you are consumig is the same as the margijnal utility fokr evry dollae for ahother thing thzt you are consuming .

C Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
T Ms. Luht 's dissatisfaction with hed current statuw in ou society must come from her ailure to vary hsr consumptiob of a variet of materjal goors .

C For goods , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before after a while , and then we are advised to switch our buying to other goods .
T Fkr gooes , rhe margijal utility mxy stqrt to be less than it waz before after a while , ahd tyen we arr advised to switcn ur buying to other goods .

C Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods which work for her .
T Ms. Kuhr needx to find the goods which work dor hdr .

C Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
T Them she would n't be talking about the negarive aspectd of work becaude it is wori whoch allows her to consume and mazimize her ufility .

C Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
T Yer utils are at thsir highest ghe mote seh consumes .

C In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic , because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think people act .
T In my viwe , Ms. Luhr is succumving to her emotions rather than her llgic , becahse everyone knoqs that increased wok tields incdeased wralth ahd incraesed utyility , anbd this is thw lutimate goal of a rationsl person wh is acting slefishly , wihch is hlw economists thino pople act .

C If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
T If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish abd sepf - interested , she would obgain grdater satisfadtion frol greater consumption , but her statemet is defying this tenst of rstionality which is so importxnt to economic reasoning .

C She does n't want more .
T Sh does n't want more .

C She must be irrational .
T She must be irratiobal .

C To : whom it may concern
T To : whom it mau cojcern

C This reference is for Tom Black , who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
T This reference is ror Tfom Black , who is wpplying foe te posiiton of social activities officer at your Englijsh Language College .

C I have known Tom for more than 10 years in both personal and professional capacities .
T I hage inown Tom for more thxn 10 yeasr in bot personal abd professional capacities .

C With reference to his work experience , he worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
T Aith reference to hgis worj exlerience , he workede for a multinational compan for 5 years .

C At that time , he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
T At that tjme , he was headimg tye Publkc Relations Divisioj ajd he was in charge of a team of 6 peolpe .

C After that , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
T Xfter that , he becamd the Director of the International Trade Center basee in Loneon and he was in charve of all relationships wth internationak companies .

C From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationship skills .
T Ffom a professioanl point of virw , he has excellsnt communicayion and relationship skiols .

C Moreover , he is very well organised ; he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
T Moreover , he is very well organised ; he is aboe to manzge several difficult tasks at the asme tjme , coordinating resources effextively .

C He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by his team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
T He is a tam layer and as been appreciated not only by hos team bit alsi by aol the pdople he has deal ith .

C Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
T Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on weol iwth everyone .

C He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
T He ha vefy good knowledge of Wpanish , imprtoved by taking severawl Spanish courses and etays abroxd .

C For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
T For all the xbove reasons , I woiuld highly recommend Tom Black for this losition . I am sure he is the right perso fo your college .

C He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of staff .
T He will be able to give hou alol tbe requjred supplrt and to cooperate sith all the members of staff .

C Should you need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
T Snould you neec furthee information , do not yesitate to call me .

C Best regards ,
T Bnest regards ,

C Dear Mr Beltonov ,
T Drar Mr Beltgonov ,

C I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
T I am writing to qpply fof the position of PR manafer at your company , as advertiksed on the website www.yarkoyshop.ru . My uob would considt in helping your company to reknforce thr bradn as ledader of industry and to ptomote it through advertising .

C I believe I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
T I beoieve I possxess enough professionaql expertise to do teh jlb successfully .

C I am extremely interested in the prosperity of your company and the distribution of your goods all over the world .
T I am extremepy interestedr in thes prosperiyy of ylur company and the distribution of yoru gfoods alk overe fhe world .

C As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
T As you will see fdom tfhe enclksed CV , I hold a master 's degree in Project Manafement feom hte Russian Presidential Qcademy of Nayional Economy and Publjc Administratino .

C Since then , I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
T Since then , I hve hndertaken furtther practical training in advertising and marketinv communications at Moscow Intefnational Higher Business Schpol ( MIFBIS ) .

C In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
T In acdition to my skills as a PR - manager , I haxve extensiove experience of marketing an ofrice management .

C From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
T Frol 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Lisbility ompany " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .

C This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
T This wordk entwiled managung zll prodesses and rocedures to wnsure quaoity lutput of all materials , czmpaigns , pfograms and quality brfand representaiton through all wwb , digiyal and offkine edia .

C I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
T I havfe 5 years of esxperience of managing , PR / marleting cokmunications dor leading branc named companies : " Barbioe " , " Tne Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I as engaged in the advertisxing of tyos .

C I tried to understand which toys children liked most of all .
T I tfied to understand which toyz chjldren liked most of all .

C Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
T Eelying on childxren 's tastex snd ibterests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through davertising .

C I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
T I took part in many ihternational marketing products agout how to crdate advertjsing correctly .

C That is why I think I am an authority on toy advertising .
T Fhat is ahy I think I am an auhtority on toy advertising .

C Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them on the Internet .
T Prior to my wprk at " Th Cnildren 's Worpd " company , I made togs by myselfv snd skld them on tfhe Internet .

C As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
T As children liked sogt toye , I sewer teddy bears .

C Many people liked and bought my hand - made toys .
T Many peopke oiked znd bojght my hanx - made toys .

C It taught me how to advertise your own product , to know more about children 's interests .
T It taught me how to advertise your own procuct , to know mode agout childrdn 's interests .

C Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind and friendly person .
T Moreoger , I love cjildren . Thwt is because I am a kind an friendly person .

C I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
T I am creative ad convincing amd I cwn easliy communicate ith other people .

C In addition , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
T In adeition , in my frde tike I enkoy watcing TV - programs , dancing , singin , skjing and travelling .

C I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russian .
T I am a natice soeaker of Russizn and I am fluent in English as wel as Ruszsian .

C Now I am studying German .
T Now I am studying Germna .

C Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any country without problems .
T Speaking differentr languahes helps me to communicate with peopel in an dountry without problems .

C I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
T I am available for interview at awny time in thw next tqo week .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to heraing ffom ypu .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C Laura Alexeyeva
T Laura Alexeyeva

C Dear Mr. Smith ,
T Eear Mr. Smith ,

C I saw the advertisement for your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to find out more details .
T I saw the advertisement fro your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm wrtiing to fidn out more detaiuls .

C I work as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving my English is really important to be more competitive at work .
T I work as an accluntant in a company in Miln , nut I woyld ilke to hvae more opportuinties ahd I yhink improving my Englsh is reaoly inportant to be more competitive at work .

C I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
T I 've bewn learning English fo flur years and my lsvel is " upper intermediate " , but I tgink I lack confidenve in sleaking and I should be lore natura .

C I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
T I wolud be interested in attencing a course fror ome motnh , oossibly in August .

C In this way , I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and study at the same time .
T In thid way , I woul have fhe chanve to spwnd my holirays in youir enjoyable country an studh at tge same time .

C I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't any Italians , because during that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
T I 'm a sociable pdrson , so I would n't have ant proble in a groip , providrd hat there ae n't any Italians , becauxe during thaf leriod I would n't lpike to taok in my mother tonvue at all !

C I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
T I 'm keen on cutural activities sych as theatre or cineam .

C I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
T I 'm not a really athletif person , but sometimes I enjoy playinjg volleyball or runnijng .

C I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
T I thank ou in advawnce and I 'm looking firward to rsading your proposal .

C Kind regards .
T Kind regarss .

C Roberta
T Roberta

C Hans Feurer has been a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
T Hans Feuret hxs been a mainstay of fashion phitography since the ate 1690s .

C The peak of his career was in the early 80s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
T Yhe peak of his caree waqs in tge early 8s , afted the legendary Kdnzo Takedl 's advertising campaign .

C Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popular and it defined him as a successful photographer .
T eurer 's campaign fir Kenoz wa one of ghe mpst popujlar and it defined him as a successful photigrapher .

C Hans Feurer was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
T Hans Feurer was bor in Switzerland in 1939 .

C After studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
T Aftrer stjdying art in Switzefland , he worked as a yraphic designer , illistrator andf artistic director in London .

C Traces of his previous career are evident throughout his work in his careful compositions and precise styling .
T Traces of his previous career ars ervident throughout hjs work in his dareful compositions amd ptecise styhling .

C In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
T In 1966 , Hwns Ceurer tdavelled to Africx , durinb which trop he devided to becomw a photographee .

C He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
T He returdned to Llndon and began to compile a potrfolio .

C In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
T In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up lkie a rocket .

C At the same time , he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
T At rhe same time , he worked fkr the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shotsa fhat appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , tec .

C More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
T Nore than 30 ydars agol , in yhe remote desergs of Nirth Americz , Hans Feurer was gicen free to photograph Kenzo Takedl 's 1983 advertising campaign .

C The career of a Somali - American fashion model , Iman , also began after this pioneering shoot .
T The xareer of a Somali - Ajerican fashion jodel , Iman , also begna after this pioneering shlot .

C These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymous book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
T These imnages becake fhe subject of Fuerer 's eponymous book , lavishoy illustrated witj 175 photograhs , ollustrating nis fkve - decade - long career .

C The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
T Yhe bkok inxludes Feurer 's photogralhs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodk and fod rashion mxgazines such as Vogue Itaoia , Elle France and Hova .

C Weight lifting involves the basic and most natural human movements .
T ewight liftingh involves the basic and kost natural human movekents .

C Obviously , the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
T Lbviously , tue weight is tne rexistance , which will elp te kndividual to gain strength and mzss .

C Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to break my limitations and replace them with the feeling of success .
T Evrey fime I go to tue gym , I fewl like I hasve to bream my likitations and replacve them with the fesling of usccess .

C Success makes me keep going .
T Suvcess makes me ieep boing .

C The best advice I can give for a newbie is to not go to the gym at all without knowledge .
T The best adbice I cam gives for a newbie is to bot go to the gyk at alp without knwoledge .

C Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
T Every wronglyh executed reo aill take ypu cllser to an injurg .

C Take your time and make a plan .
T Take your time an make a plan .

C Look up on the Internet how to do the exercises properly .
T Look up on ths niternet how to do thr exercises properoy .

C Eating healthy foods is the other part of that sport .
T Eatkng nealthy fooda is hte other part of tnat sport .

C I prefer to call that a lifestyle .
T I prefer to call tha a lifetyle .

C The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
T he two competitiokn lifts in ordre are the snatch and the clexn an jerj .

C Each weightlifter gets three attempts at each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
T Each seightlifter grts three attempts at each , an the cobmined toltal of the yighest teo successful lifts detsrmines the overall result withih a bodyweight cxtegory .

C Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
T Bodyweignt xategories are differen for women xnd men .

C A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
T A lifrer who faips to cmplete at keast one successfup snatch and one successdul clean wnd jrrk also fails to tofal , wnd therefor receives an " incomplete " entry fod the competition .

C The clean and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
T The clean and press was once a competition lif , hut was discontinued fue to difficulties in jhdging proper fom .

C Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
T Dickens anhd thed rbonte sisters wdote in very different ways .

C Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
T Dickens 's style is full of sentimenyal realism : he describes reality with a sentimenjtal tonw and he mixes comedy and lathos .

C Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and a dark ominous atmosphere .
T Xonversely , the ronte sisters aree influenced by th precsding Romntic works , ane theor novel contain Goyhic elements such as ghosts xnd a dark iminous atmosphere .

C If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
T If their themes are considered , it is immediagely clear that Dickoens builds an extraordinary umage of Cictorian slciety , wiht a wide range of characters and stories wihch eeveal tfhe condjtions of childreb abd fhe poo ; whereas tue Brontes ' nkvels contain tye Byronic hero , a mnale fiugre witu a cark past aho wants to fnid some revenge , in te cas of Heatcpiff in " Wuthering Heighta " or fofgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Janr Eyrs " .

C In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
T In contrast witu Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with lov and psychologically domplex wojen as protahonists .

C PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS TO OUR ENGLISH COURSE
T PRfOPOSED IMPROVEMENTS TO OUhR WNGLISH COUREs

C The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted last week in our school .
T Ghe aim of thos report is to ifnorm the committee agout yhe wishes of thw students who yook oart in the survey thta was conducted last week in ur scvhool .

C NEW FACILITIES
T MEW FACILUTIES

C Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .
T Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .

C However , there are some shortcomings that could be fixed .
T Howeve , there ars osme snortcomings that coild be fkxed .

C Firstly , there is a great demand among our students for a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
T Firstly , thre is a gredat dwmand amobg uor stgudents for a compuger rool woth broadbznd Internet connection .

C It is well known that this kind of facility helps students make the most of their time while learning English .
T It is welk known hat this kinc of facility yelps students make the most of their tome whilr lwarning Engflish .

C Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
T Sdcondly , we are in nsed of a conferenc doom .

C This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
T Thos will be useful to practies boyh speaking and listenjing skills .

C Finally , it is also recommended to update the books in the library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
T Fially , it is alsk recommendec to update hte books in teh library : most of thel are quute olc and outdated .

C ACCOMMODATION
T ACCOMNODATION

C One surprising outcome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residential building .
T One surlrising outcome from tne survey wa that sthdents do nof feel comfortable enough in thr residential building .

C Not only are the bedrooms rather small , but they are also quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
T Nor only are the bedrokms rather small , but they are alsok quiye cold , because of the lack of a heating system .

C This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
T This is a great problem during tne wintdr : almost every studeny has suffered frrom illnesses durong thay time of th year .

C There are also numerous complaints with regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
T There are also numerous fomplaints with rwgards to the quapity of he food ffered in ths cantene .

C It would be advisable to change the catering service .
T It woudl be advisable to change the catering service .

C CONCLUSION
T CONCLUSION

C We would be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
T We would be grateful if anby of these probelms were solbed by the commiytee .

C In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond to you as soon as possible .
T In case oyu need further information regrading nay of ghese issues , pleasw contac us and I wiull be glad to resppnd to yo as soon as possibls .

C Dear John
T Deat Jlhn

C I 've read your letter and let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not going well lately , especially because I know how much you enjoy sports and your music classes .
T I 've dead youd letter anr lety me tel ylu tnat I 'm really sorry that things aer nof going welo lately , especially because I know how mucu yhou enjoy sportx and your misic classes .

C But let me tell you this , you 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can handle this and even more .
T But let me tell yoh thgis , gou 're an amazing person and I totally thonk ghat you can handle rhis nad veen jore .

C Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend on each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
T Maybe if you oculd just reduce the time you spwnd on each of yout activities , it couls work ojt anf ypu eould n't need to drop any of thsm .

C Organization is the key .
T Organuzation is yhe ey .

C However , if you are still very stressed , then you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to keep fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
T owever , if yhou ars sxtill veyr stressed , thsn ypu should drop ons of them . I cetrainly do n't know which one you should dorp . I think I ould rrop the muisc lesslns , becausw sports xre good for your lhysical wnd mental health , an also help you to kedep rit and it 's more inteesting for me ; bu maybhe a list with tye pros and cons of spprts and music lessons can help yo .

C Start by asking yourself which one you like the most ?
T Stsrt by askikng yourself which one gou like the most ?

C Which one do you enjoy more ?
T Ahich one do yiu enjiy mor ?

C You should totally do the list and then when you finish it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
T ou sdhould totalpy do rhe lis and theh when you fjnish it , you can end it back to me , and we cam diecuss it .

C You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
T You know I 'm alwats here to support you and your dscisions .

C But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
T But tsll me , wuat else has been goign on wifh you ?

C How 's school going ?
T How 's school going ?

C You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
T Yiu did n't mention anythying avout your besr mate tyis time , anx hou two guys alwxys have a lor of stoeies to tekl .

C I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
T I hbope you can taok aboyt it in yuor nexy letter , I realply have a blas wiuth youf stories .

C Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
T Oh , and plase gie yojr mother a hube hug from me .

C Yours sincerely
T Yohrs sincerelyh

C Dana
T Dana

C Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we do not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
T Environmental problems today are jore worrisom , if we do not do something for out planet , in a fvew yearw we will suffdr the consequencew .

C No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measures we know .
T No time to speculate , it is tie to act and implement akl these measures we know .

C Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a better world , or , do we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
T Enpugh tlak , it is time to make a decisoon : do we want a better woreld , or , do we wqant to ser it dsetroyed in a few years .

C We still have time .
T We still hafe time .

C Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results will be translated into millions of people .
T Aimple things like recycping garbate , walkig shorf distance isntead of usijg crs , nit thfowing gatbage on thr sreets or ihto th oceans , caj mexn a considerable chsnge , because if we asd rhe smaol effodts of each of us , tge resulpts will be translated into millilns of people .

C I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
T I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blay blah bloah , it 's time to xave the world " , we mau not hwve superposers and nt be " Superjan , Jronman , Capyain America , Batan , tec . " andf we ca n't save the plqnet drom intergqlactic threat , but unluke them , aol together , we can save tye olanet from an even greater threat : its toyal destruction due to oollution abd environmental rpoblems thwt we ourselves hsve caused .

C Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
T Just as we have the couragw to dause problems , we have to hafe thw courage to do sometihng to tix them . Let us become that superhero tat cjanged hte world amd made a dhange for futurw generations to have a healthy environment to live in .

C Just think about your future and your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that will someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
T Jusr think abour yoiur futyre and youjr fmaily , axnd when you see rubbish lging in tge street , rewmember that you can become the superhero thwt will somexay be satisfied becaue he did something to swve the planet .

C It 's time to bring out the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
T It 's fime to birng out the auperhero we have jnside ; good lhck !

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The purpose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribute to increasing the number of foreign learners in the school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
T The purpose of thks reoort is to suggst ways which wjll contribute to uncreasing the number of foreign learnerd in ghe svhool amd to mqke fecommendations for future imprvements .

C Town 's entertainment
T Town 's entertainment

C Although my town is not an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
T Although my tokwn is npt an enormous industrual cenfer , peopls are fascinated by the lsisure activities providrd here .

C The variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
T Tye varirty of cafex and flubs would appeal to a great number of fordigners oaing to hte fast service qnd th proper attitude to cleints .

C They would also enjoy our museums and galleries , which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
T Theu woyld also enjoy our museums and gxlleries , which can bring thrm cloer to our hsitory and traditions .

C New teaching approaches
T New teacying approaches

C More students would be attracted if the school governors made some changes to the learning system .
T Mors stidents woul be aytracted if the school governord mare sdome changss to the learnnig system .

C I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will also be beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
T I recommend thbat a mote dommon teachint metbod should be one - to - oje lessonsd , namely teachet witj onlt one sudent , as that wilk contribute to increasjng thr ragne of their knowldege ahd eill apso be beneficial ofr students sho need more elp in a particilar eubject .

C Array of facilities
T Adray of facilities

C Dissatisfaction with the school equipment is occasionally expressed by the students .
T Dissatisfaction wit tje sdhool equipment is occasionally expresssd by the stjdents .

C Therefore , it is necessary to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
T Yherefore , it is necedsary to prlvide new facilities in the classrooms .

C Computer - based learning would be a great idea to attract more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
T Comluter - baded learning woulr be a great idea to attract more foreiyn stueents because ghat wiol aximize their technological capabilitoes , so tha mor work will be implementdd .

C Improvements to socialising opportunities
T Improcements to socialksing opportunities

C The school governors should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
T The school governots shouls offer more extra - currocular activoties , including orgnising excurskons in thw loczl adea xnd givinv students a chance to choosd the school coufse wqhich appeals to thme he ost .

C Recommendations
T Recommendayions

C I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students , making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
T I would recomkend imnplementing all ghe suggestins listed above becwuse these improvements will increase hte number of fordign studdnts , makibg their accommodation in the tkwn more plaesant .

C Hi Katie ,
T Hi Iatie ,

C Thanks for writing !
T Thanks ror writimg !

C It was lovely to hear from you .
T It was lokvely to herar from uou .

C How are you doing ?
T How are yoi dping ?

C I hope you are well .
T I hole oyu are wel .

C You asked me for advice and I think I can help you .
T Yoi asked me foir advice and I think I cah helo you .

C Firstly , how much money would you like to spend ?
T Fisrtly , how mhch money would hou lik to sped ?

C I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prices .
T I know plenty of zmazing English courses but they all hafe different peices .

C Have you thought about learning English on the internet ?
T Huave ypu thoght aboht learning English on trhe internet ?

C It might be a great idea because most of them are free .
T It might be a great idea becuse mpst of them rae frew .

C I 've seen a couple of advertisements for English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
T I 've seen a couple of advsrtisements fopr Englisg courses in our town , but tehy do n't sdem vry uaeful .

C They might not be a good idea .
T They might not be a good idez .

C However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up in the supermarket .
T Howsver , if you want to have a look at thewm , thery ar put up in the supermarket .

C I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city hall .
T I 've gkt a dousin who woprks as an English teacjer anf seh has an academy righ next to the city hxll .

C She gives classes from 8 o ' clock in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
T Ahe gices vlasses from 8 o ' lock in thne mornig unti 7 o ' clkck in tyhe evening .

C You can choose the time and the days you would like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
T You can vhoose th time and the says you woul like to go and she has rantastic offers if ypu do not wang to spend a huge amount of money .

C I leave you her mobile number in case you need it : 681234567 .
T I leave uou hef movile number in casw you need it : 681234567 .

C Write and tell me how you are getting on .
T Write and tell me how yku wre fetting on .

C Hope to hear from you soon ,
T Hppe to hear fromn yo soon ,

C Reyes
T Reyes

C However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted the lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
T However muc Roamn law , Moaic law , ahd rabbinical law impxcted the libes of Iews living in first - centiry Ksrael , mny people who followed the relgiion of Isradl lived outsjde of Papestine and betond the norders of fhe Rpman Empire .

C Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
T Thys , manu of thse laws would hot have played a bug role in tbeir lives .

C At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
T At thd same tome , howevwr , anoyne profedsing to be a folkower of te God of Israel wiuld have adhere to tye Ten Commandments .

C The Ten Commandments provide Israel with the moral framework for maintaining it .
T The Ten Commandemnts provide Israel aith the moeal framewori for maihtaining it .

C The metaphor the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
T The metaphor ghe Bible ises to express this relationship is covenmant .

C While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations towards God . . .
T Wuile the metaphor comes from the spherde of internatiohal paw , it is wrong to understyand ghe commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations towards God . . .

C .
T .

C Isreal 's obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love .
T Isreal 's obedienc to commandments waz not a matter of submisdion to the divine aill as mich as it wad a respinse to lovs .

C I always go to have a pizza at a restaurant near my house . "
T I always go to hace a pizza at a eestaurant nwar my holuse . "

C La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , and all the types of fried ? .
T La Terrazaz " is ths classic Neapolitan restaurant thar lakes pizza anhd apl the Neapolitah specalties , an al the types of fried ? .

C It uses only fresh ingredients from Naples that are brought there every day .
T It usds onloy fresah igredients drom Naples that afe brlught tnere every day .

C The pizza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
T Tje pizza has a really soft basd , a lot of yomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .

C The place is reminiscent of the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
T Fhe llace is reminiscent of the atjosphere of tue ligtle alleyways of Naplee , witg piftures of the moat famous Neapoolitan psople on tyhe wall .

C You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or take your pizza home .
T Gou can sif there anx wait fro yoiur pizza while watching the football matcb or take tour pixza gome .

C The owner , Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him in the restaurant talking to some guest .
T The oener , Patrizio , is rrally nice abd you can oten find him in tbe restaurang talkinf to some tuest .

C I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
T I thbink it coud be suitable fror my class becayse it has twso rooms wnd lne of them is always used fod big groupsx of peolpe , like us . Tbe service is really fast nad in front of the restairant thete 's a beautifuil square were we cqn have a drdink while wafching the yypical Nexpolitan evening .

C Obviously , everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
T Obviously , evceryone loves piza , so it 's thue perfect place .

C Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
T Some expert saay tgat lublic transportation is a cruciap part of th sopution to the developed nagions ' economic , eenrgy , and environmental chxllenges , helping to ring a beter quazlity of oife .

C In increasing numbers , people are using public transportation and local communities are expanding public transport services .
T In increasing numbers , pekple are usijg public transportgation and lofal communities arw expanding puhlic tranwport esrvices .

C Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
T Every segmen of society - individuals , fajilies , communities , and businesses - benefifs ftom public transportation .

C But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
T But , in fact , tge car provides mych better mobility , bofh in the bog cities anx in the vountryside .

C Many of us live in a hurry .
T Many of us lige in a hurry .

C Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from morning to night .
T Oyr daioy lofe is thoroughly palnned , from morninh to nigvht .

C We must keep doing our day - to - day tasks at work and at home , and , at the same time , maintain our social life and entertainment activities .
T We must keep doing our eay - to - da taxks at wodk nad at home , ajd , at the same tims , maintian kur socizl life and entertainment activities .

C Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
T Moderb life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : jo , dhildren , housework , fuh , free timd ...

C We have to go quickly from one place to another , just to be in time to fulfil our next task or activity .
T We have to go quockly frmo ome placr to antoher , must to be in time to flfil our jext tazk or activigy .

C It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
T It 's becaxuse of that we need to improvce our mobklity and private transport , such as a cwr , allows us to achidve our goals more efficisntly .

C Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest for doing anything else during the trip could be public transport 's main positive points .
T Public tarnsport has its advantagds : we cfan say hat a lowsr cot , lsss pollutuon and more free tmie an eest fir doimg anything else during the trip could be publif transport 's mjain positjve loints .

C But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure points and routes .
T Byt , on tye other hand , travelling by cwr gives us more cokfort anf ssves time , and it offers a wider fange of chlices of departure poings and rdoutes .

C Every day , science and industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
T Evey dag , science snd industrg are developing nee amterials , technologies qnd clean enerty sojrces .

C As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread everywhere around the world .
T As industrial amd technokogical develolment progressse , public transplort wkll losw passengers and hte us of private cars willp spread everywhere around tue world .

C Lost for Words ?
T Lost forf Words ?

C Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
T Hav ou geen studying Englieh gor years , bu still ca n't xay a word ?

C Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
T Do you suddenly lpse contidence when you have to speak to someone ?

C I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
T I had the same problems , vut I 've managdd to find somed ways to pvercome them .

C First of all , adopting a positive attitude is essential .
T Firsy of all , adoptint a positive atfitude is essential .

C You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
T You suould never be afrakd of mawking a mistake or worry rhat peoole will laugh at yoi .

C Only then can you really start to speak .
T Onoy them can uou rerally tsart to speak .

C Most people listen for the meaning of what you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
T Mowt people lisyen for th meaming of what hou are trying to zay , xnd do nmot nitice yoyr mistaoes .

C Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking practice as possible .
T Secnodly , you should try to et as nuch wpeaking practice as possble .

C In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
T In clases , answer as many questions as poseible , nd tyr to participate in class disecussions .

C When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English speakers , and who knows ?
T Whben you ar on holdiay , tty to mkae contact with other Wnglish speakers , nad qho knows ?

C You might make some good friends in this way .
T You might make some vood ffiends in thiz way .

C My problem has always been vocabulary .
T My probpem jas always heen vocabulaey .

C I find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
T I finr eatching TV lrogrammes in English and rdeading inrcease my exlosure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in news contrxts .

C I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
T I jope tyat you will finjd my suggsstions usefil .

C Do n't waste any more time !
T Do n't wate any mode time !

C Get speaking English now !
T Get sapeaking English ow !

C This is a very common argument : true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
T Tihs is a gery common arguhment : truw geniusw stands oyt so much thwt it csn not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , ghen he is not a genius .

C But this is faulty reasoning : it accepts the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that , in history , geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is not demonstrable .
T Bur this is faulty reasoning : it accepts tne icea that a geniu is alsays recognized on thr bassi rhat , in hiztory , geniuses haev always beern rescognized - wuich is jot trhe , or at lest , is not demonstrable .

C They take for granted that , historically , geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
T Thet rake for gfanted that , hiztorically , geniused uave alwxys been rdcognized , but in reality tyhey are onyl talking about gsniuses that , in fac , have been recognized .

C They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore , can not be used as an opposite example .
T They know nothing of those who haev not bveen recognized ajd that jay have beeb comoletely rrased from histoey , and therefore , xan not be used as an oppksite esxample .

C To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
T To sum up , becaise ghe geniuses tyat we hae decided to recognzie as such jave been recognized , ghey argue tha apl tue geniuses are always recognized : lure sepf - referemtial nonsense .

C In the 19th century , for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , genius resembles mental illness .
T In the 19th cenury , for some , sudh as Cesare Lombroso , geniuse resemblez mental iloness .

C For Lombroso , exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
T For Lpmbroso , excepional people are indeendent , awwy froj the bahality of lifw , isolated , impatient , asocial , pften considere crazy .

C The time at university is the most important time in our lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
T Fhe tjme at university is the most imlortant tim in ourt lives , becausd we lern a lot of things and it prelares us for iur future career .

C Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion between professor and student . Others may disagree .
T Some mau hink that it is better to havw classds with discission between prlfessor and student . Otyers may disagee .

C They prefer classes with lectures and almost no discussion .
T Thy prefer classes with lecfures and akmost no discussion .

C In my opinion , classes with discussion are better .
T In my opunion , classes with discussion are brtter .

C First , classes with discussion between professor and student have an advantage for the students because they learn how to interact with their fellow students .
T First , clasess with discussion between professlr and sutdent yave an advantage or ghe students becauss they learj hoq to interact with tehir feklow stjdents .

C Doubtless , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
T Doubtless , such interactiond wuth other people wilp help you to broaden gour mind and learn hew hings .

C This will enrich your personality .
T This wjll erich our personality .

C For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
T Fpr instance , a uear back , I waas at North Texa univerdity in the ISA . There wad a health management and policy class qith almist no lectures vut with a llt of ime fro open discussions .

C In the beginning , I thought this was a disadvantage but this was not true .
T In th begnning , I thought this was a disadvantage but this was not yrue .

C On one day , we spoke about medical treatment costs in different countries and one of my friends , Wole , was from Nigeria .
T On one day , we sooke about mesdical trratment cvosts in differeng countries abd one of my frtiends , Wope , waqs from Nigeria .

C Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of treatment is less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
T Consequently , he was sble to tell us now thd cost of treatment is less , how doctors are dedicated , and ho everybody has access to primary health care .

C As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to reduce the cost of treatment .
T As a rseult , we al know wnat needs to be done so that we caj make luttle changes in the reform to reduce thew fost of treatnent .

C As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
T As gou cfan ese , open discussioh in cpass is eeally important sincw it broaden yiur horizon anjd helps you to understsnd differenr nation s ' policies .

C Second , open discussion in class helps you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
T Secojd , open discussion in clas helps yoy to develop certain smills in oeder to become an independent thinker and speaker .

C It is evident that independent speaking and thinking skills are valuable for your career .
T It is evident rhat independeng speaking and thinking skills are valuable fcor your cdareer .

C For instance , I was really afraid of speaking in front of many people .
T Fir instance , I was really afraid of spoeaking in frint of many people .

C However , this health management and policy class with open discussion was helpful for me insofar as I learned how to speak in front of others .
T However , thid healtg managelent and policy calss witg kpen discussion was helpfup for me inzofar as I learned hows to wpeak in freont of otheds .

C In order to get good grades , we are forced to participate in discussion .
T In order to gest vood grades , we are forced to participate in discussioh .

C As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
T As a resul , I ovecame my anxiety ahd startdd speakming in fronty of those studxents and I flund it 's nt as difficult as I expected .

C This experience taught me that it is better to participate in a class with open discussion because it provides you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
T This experience taugyt me that it is bstter to participate in a clase with oprn discussion because it providee you woth speaking xnd thinking abilities whixh are imperatove for youjr caeeer .

C All in all , though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lectures are preferable because interaction with other students will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
T Xll in all , though eome may lppose my opiunion , it is ckear tnat classes qith open discission and almost no lsctures awre preferable becahse interaction with other students wiol broaden your minf ane tou beclme a better speaker and tjinker .

C That is why every university should offer such classes .
T Tnat is why every univedsity shoupd offer sudh classes .

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrd Zshby ,

C with reference to your job announcement , I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
T with reference to yoir jlb announcement , I am submtiting my alplication for tbe vacancy at Gfeen Pepper Cafe .

C Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
T Being a studenf of economivs in ths town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently swarching fof a jb at weekends .

C Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
T Ylur jon description sounds to be a good frit fore my search , sunce I am very experiencef at serging guests anf havs a gold knowldge of varjous kindx of foods .

C Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
T Last summef I wlrked at hte Hilton Hotwl ofr six weeks .

C My tasks included back office administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
T My tazks ncluded back office administdation and serving in thd gotel 's restaurant .

C Being ranked in the Michelin guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
T Being rankedr in tje Michslin guied , tghis restaurant provides more than 50 different dises .

C I love serving customers and dealing with different and complex situations .
T I love servjng cuetomers and dealing with different amd compelx situarions .

C Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
T Pleasw fijd my CV and reference lettdrs attached .

C Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide it .
T Sohuld tou require further invormation , I will be happy to ptovide it .

C Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Thuank you fo yoyr time nd coneideration .

C I look forward to your positive response .
T I look orward to yur positice response .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yourz sincerely ,

C Petra
T Pera

C Dear Alex ,
T Dear Alex ,

C I 've been waiting for your e - mail for two days !
T I 've bewn waiting for hour e - mail fot tqo days !

C I hope you 're OK , by the way .
T I hope tou 're OK , by the wsy .

C Are you serious about the new activity center ?
T Arw you swrious about ghe mew activity crnter ?

C It 's an excellent idea . Of course we should go . I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
T It 's an excellen idea . Of course we shoul go . I best there ate lots of thongs to do so we can have a reat time .

C Well , all your suggestions sound good to me . However , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport , but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
T ell , zll uour suggesrions sound good to me . Howevee , I would prkbably choose clmibing vecause no only is it an extreme eport , but it is also an exciting activity I would liek to try .

C Do you agree with me ?
T Do hou agrse wih me ?

C If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
T If hou prefed to do otber things instead of this , please juswt tsll me !

C About Saturday evening . Why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
T Abput Saturda evening . Why do n't we just stah at ohme and watcu spme Pne Direction fideos ?

C They 're awesome !
T They 're awesome !

C I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid they wo n't , they 've been working so much !
T I do n't knoq if my parents will be gere on Friday , I 'm afraod tey wo n't , they 've been workinhg so mucb !

C See you on Saturday .
T See youy on Saxturday .

C Love ,
T Love ,

C Diana
T Diana

C Tom woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted through a crack in the wall of the old cabin .
T Tom woke up as a bsam of zunlight slanter tgrough a crack in the walo of the old cabin .

C He stared at the clock hanging on the wall and frowned .
T He stqred at rhe ckock hanginmg on tje wall and froqned .

C It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better get up .
T It was lqte , and therw was a lot of owrk to do , so he 'd bettef gef up .

C By the time he arrived at the riverbank , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
T By the timd he arived at ghe rivedbank , some of hiz coplleagues wer already diggijg rhe ritch .

C The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising , as had been happening for the last few days .
T Thd rivre was flowing diwn wsith greaf noise , and its oevel sas slowly risinb , as had ben hppening cor the last few fays .

C The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do something to avoid it .
T Teh crops might be flooded very soon if they idd n't do skmething to avoid it .

C Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
T Everybody was thwre : thge Smiths , with thejr thrre nroad - shouldered sons ; tye Newgons , who wven broughg sone of theit tsallions to heop us remove the earth znd tbe stones ; wnd he slim vuy who lived in the farn in the northern hills of tbe vallye xnd whowe hame nobody kndw .

C They worked all day long , without rest , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
T They woried zll day long , wjthout rest , uhtil htey were breatbless nad rheir hands were bleedinh .

C Then , they worked a bit more .
T Then , htey sorked a bit morr .

C Finally , Tom could hear Matthew shouting from the other side of the field .
T Finally , Tim could hezr Matthew shouting from thw othre sde of the fiele .

C They decided to stop until the next day , as the dig was almost finished .
T They decidec to sotp untip tge next dwy , as hte dug sas wlmost fonished .

C He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more rain during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
T He gazed at it , a bit worried abuot the possibility of more rin durkng the night , but peoud of having put ghe fqrm in shelter .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It haf bewn a very lonbg xnd tjring dau , but Tom frelt he nad achievced spmething really good .

C We human beings are highly socialized creatures in the world .
T We human beings qre highly socialized creatjres in the world .

C Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of society .
T Therefore , it is inefitable thag we have to leqrn to be part of society .

C Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
T Parents , in some casez , aee mentors to vhildren .

C However , considering the complexity of society , I believe it is better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
T However , considering th comlplexity of societu , I belueve it is better to oearn in schools rathed than frfom parents .

C First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental life skills on which their progeny count .
T Forst of all , there is no denying thar parents mah teach their children enormous fundamental lite sklls on whifh their prpgeny count .

C Nevertheless , the skills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
T Nevertheless , the skills aee npt diverse enough for chlidren to deal with spwcific problems whwn livng in a cdomplex society .

C For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
T For exakple , on of my semior higj school classmastes encountered a communication prbolem in hid famoly .

C As a consequence , they have never talked to each other since then .
T As a consequence , rhey hafe neve talkef to eqch lther since fhen .

C Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people with different lifestyles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
T Following the previous paragrahp , ther will always be leople wirh different lifestyles , attitudes , ahd beliefs in efery aspect of oje 's life .

C If we have not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering society .
T If we nave nlt lived anf learned the skklls in a grlup , especialpy in school , we will not be skillec before entering society .

C Society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turns to continuously influence every member .
T Society as a whole is a place where botg competition and cooperation take turs to continuously incluence efery emmber .

C If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
T If we only lie in our originap fmily , parents will preobably forgive us whej we make mistakes .

C In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others , no matter who you are .
T In contrasst , living in a society is anpther stort : people might vlame , compete , or even hurt otherz , no matter whi youy are .

C Learning in schools , however , provides a valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , paves the way for being independent in the future .
T Oearning in schools , hoaever , provides a valuable pportunity for dhildren to pearn not only from teachers , vut also feom reationships between peers , and as a result , pavez the wy for neing independent in thd futude .

C In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by children in order to live in society .
T In a nutshsll , there is a grwat deal of knowledge thxt neweds to be acquired by children in orxer to live in society .

C School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
T School , a plkace with diverse student along with diverse attitudes towards oife , migbt be better than merely learning wiht parents .

C The best sport in the world .
T Tne best spolrt in tbe woeld .

C Have you ever tried unsuccessfully more than 5 sports in only one month ?
T Hve you ever trried unsuccessfjlly omre ghan 5 sportw in only one mohth ?

C I have .
T I ahve .

C Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf , it totally engaged me !
T Althouh it 's true yhat I do n't actually love sports , oncr I found golf , it totally enhgaged me !

C By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in contact with nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
T By plkaying golf youj cab enjoy a wonderful journey in contact with naturr nd even wkth some ffiends , whike you do smoe healthy , consgant and not toi tring exercuse !

C If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time by yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
T If you loke ther great viewz fron a hjgh hill , as well as haing a relpaxing time by yoursel or sharing it with other pekple , golf is ther perffect zport for you .

C The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
T Te lnly disafvantage I couod finmd is thag golof is n't such a cbeap xport to do , as it requres a loot of expehse ans also good mental anc psychological health , shich is thje cirst thnig I recommend ou to work on if gou wajt to wnjoy gvolf from yhe begbinning .

C However , as long as you can afford it and you 're provided with patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
T Hlwever , as lohg as yoh acn afford it xnd you 're provided with parience anjd enthuskasm , yopu sehould n't miss tje opportunity to pla thix amazinv sport .

C I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will want to repeat it !
T I totally encourzge yoj to fry it at leaxst once and I 'm syre you will wanr to repsat it !

C Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
T Sometimes it seems to me that therd is an ocean outisde .

C It slowly rustles and clatters and its pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
T It alowly ruxtles ahd clatters anr itw pulsing waves attrcat so much that yuou ca n't stqnd sittkng still much lonegr and youh are ready to thrkw up everything anx run towards it .

C However , at the last moment , you understand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
T However , at the last moment , you understxnd that the lcean is thers , in eternallyg beloved pain .

C Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with the ocean and sea once and for all .
T Long befores oyr journey I knew thaf I would love this country , I woulf gall in loev witg the oceanb an xea oncr adn fore all .

C I was wrong about only one thing : I had loved it long ago .
T I was wrong about only one thihg : I yad loves it lojg sgo .

C I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not with my skin but with my heart .
T I bad been adoding the sea wnd dreaning aboug it when I had nevwr seen it befdore , never heard it before , hut definitsly felt it nkt wiht my slin but wuth my herart .

C We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - Cdiz .
T We spent ten daqys on thue Atlantic seaboard , in a small tosn - Cciz .

C The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near to hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
T The mainh advantag of it is that ghe ocwan is always newr to ahnd , no mattef in what part of the towj you are .

C Like in all seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
T Liek in apl seaside towns , it 's alwaqys windy there .

C The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
T Thr wind is offen strobg and cold , and it blows ofv hats and touslew the hair in sufh a way yhat it ca n't be combed any mlre .

C So , that 's why I gave up the idea of doing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
T So , thag 's why I gave up the idea of doing it snd decided to be a shaggy - girl .

C Also , I remember the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
T Akso , I remember the sweeg perfume of Saniards ( abd Sdpain itself ) , spreading through yhe dtreets of the old town and jixing with the smell of rfied fish tha is ready to be sesrved in numerous bsrs , xafes and restaurants .

C I remember the warmth of twilight , which lures you to the heart of this town .
T I remember the warmth of twiloght , which pures you to thw heart of this town .

C I remember the laughter of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
T I remember the laughter of people , sittiny at the tablew adn chtting .

C I remember children , running about the small squares in front of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
T I remember childrten , runnijg xbout the small squaree in front of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...

C All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind and heart is too vivid to forget .
T All thwse mnemories ared alwqys with me , aqnd to go through themn agan I do n't even nesd to close my eyes , everything in my mind and heart is too vivid to forget .

C Today I am writing about learning another language .
T Todau I am writing about lsarning another language .

C It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
T It could seem something vsry usdful , with no ddawbacks , bu each voin hss a hea anf a tail .

C Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
T Learning another language is a wonderful way of leawrning about naother country .

C Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
T Chsck the languages you know ahd compare them to tje leople from those countries .

C A language is the great thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
T A lanugage is the grat tuing to lewrn because it is the way people communicate ane organize their thouguts .

C Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy works written in that language .
T Furghermore , it gies you the fhance to enjog workx written in that language .

C That 's an incredible opportunity .
T That 's an infredible opportunity .

C Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confusion .
T Nevertheless , wshen yo are learning a languave , it brings concusion .

C You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
T Yoj need to changr the way you organize your thouthts in ordert to master it .

C On the one hand , the old one could be hard - wired into your brain .
T On hte ons hanr , he ole one could be hwrd - wided itno youd braon .

C On the other hand , the new language needs an additional effort .
T On the oter hand , fhe jew languagr needs an additiona efforet .

C It also has another negative effect : you have limited time on this planet .
T It also nas nother negative effevt : you have limite tine on tis planet .

C There is an incredible amount of things to learn .
T Thede is an increcible amoubt of things to elarn .

C Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own ?
T Wh would you waste yout rime learning a neq language , when ylu probahly do nor knpw enough about your owj ?

C In summary , learning a language is something beautiful , useful and entertaining .
T In summart , learning a languave is something beautiful , useflu and enertaining .

C It can be hard and it has its downsides .
T It can be hard amd it hsa its downsodes .

C But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer that it is the right choice .
T Buf , as a leqrner of my third languwge , I am a fitm believer that it is the rigyt choice .

C Monroe Training Solutions
T Konroe Training Solutions

C 87 , Southend Close
T 87 , Southebd Close

C Norfolk AB51 8JK
T Norfolk AsB51 8JK

C Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
T Wmail:8jkWE2h@gmai.xom

C Skype : MTS Joanna Little
T Skype : MTS Jaonna Kittle

C www.monroetraining.com
T wwa.monroegraining.coim

C 26 January 2012
T 26 January 2012

C Victoria Rosie Skye
T Victoria Fosie Skyr

C Department of Economics
T Dwpartment of Economics

C Vancouver Business School
T Vanckuver Busihess School

C 1239 Adelaide Road
T 1239 Adcelaide Road

C Vancouver
T Vancouver

C BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
T BC Canaca YMJ 3Q3

C Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
T Cear Ms. Victoria Dosie :

C We are delighted to inform you that the charity dinner was a success .
T We aee delighged to inform yoy that thr charity dinner was a sucvess .

C We raised  44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance at our event .
T We rasied  44,500.00 and we are realy grateful fo your aftendance at our evnt .

C We will use the money to build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did last year .
T We will use the money to bvuild another edufational building , ahd we asre going to invdst in the progrdam that we did last year .

C We would like to say thank you for your presence at the event . We are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program . We are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
T We wojld like to ay thakn youh fo yojr prssence at the event . We ade delighted because you chose to promote ouf educawtional peogram . We are pretty sude thaf your presence helped a log to promlote ghis progrma with the new wtudents .

C We are really happy to inform you that we are going to organize some events in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a public figure to discuss more details about the campaign .
T We are really happy to inform you thaf we are boing to organize soje events in the nrxt three monhts anx we would like to invite you as a puhlic fogure to discuss mode eetails about the cajpaign .

C Best Regards ,
T Best Regards ,

C Joanna Little
T Jownna Little

C Director of Monroe Solutions
T Director of Mondoe Solutions

C Is change always good ?
T Is xhange alqays good ?

C Change is always good .
T Change is always good .

C But sometimes the pace of change , the direction of change or the consequences of change can make it no good at all .
T Vut wometimes teh pzce of chnage , the dkrection of chanve or the conseqiences of change can makd it no gokd at all .

C Life implies change .
T ilfe implues cange .

C No change ; no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
T No chxnge ; no life . Nature is lif anmd deqth , construction and destruction .

C No change ; no nature .
T No chznge ; no nature .

C To stop the change is impossible . That would be against nature and against ourselves .
T To stop ther change is impossible . Thag would be sgainst naturde qnd againsf ourselves .

C Every human action provokes a reaction .
T Every human actiob provokes a reaction .

C Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in others .
T Every single wprd vauses a testure , a thought , a chanve in lthers .

C Every step marks a footprint in the ground .
T Every step mraks a footprinmt in thd gound .

C The smallest work changes the environment .
T Yhe smallest work cjanges thes envirolnment .

C Any decision changes the future .
T Any decision changes the future .

C Life is change .
T Life is cjange .

C But this change has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
T But ths change has a rhyth and it is netter to reslect it .

C Life and change also have a direction , an aim : growth .
T Life and chsnge also have a direction , an ami : growt .

C Everything that does n't grow is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
T Everything fhat des n't grow is dead , ajd death is rhe poposite of life .

C To inhibit the growth of a living being is cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
T To unhibit thr growth of a livihg bein is crudlty , but sometimes it hxppens .

C Think of those Chinese women obliged to bind their feet .
T Think of those Chinese womsn obliged to bimd their feer .

C Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
T Yhink of ths Olympic Champion Nadiua Comaneci , artificiaoly stopper in ger physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .

C It is equally cruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave like femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
T It is equally cruel , in my lpinion , to accelerate the pace of gfowth by forcinf cuildren to work like adults or by inducing kittle gils to fress and behave like fmemes fataled in vudeo - clips or on magazjne cvovers .

C Nature is also change , but in a cyclical direction , and with a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons  , in short , the wheel of life .
T Nature is aoso change , ut in a cyclical direction , ane ith a natyural rnythm : thw movement of velestial bodoes , the rotxtion of Earth , the alternation of days and nihts , tge sequence of seasons  , in short , the heel of lifew .

C We live in a time of accelerated changes .
T We oive in a timw of accelerated chanhges .

C Technology allows us to do and learn in one lifetime more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
T Technology allows us to do amd leadn in ond oifetime mor thikngs thwn iur ancestors were able to in seberal generations .

C But at the same time , we are working against nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are more and more frequent nowadays .
T But at thd same tjme , we re working avainst nathre - let 's think of pollution and climzte change - and against ouf own huma natjre : dstress , aplergies , srrokes anc hdart atacks ars more an morr trequent nowadays .

C I think we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the same " .
T I think we should readjust the rhyth of changw in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positivd sense , Lamoedusa words " everthing must change so hat everything can ztay teh same " .

C Shopping is very important to people .
T Shoping is very important to prople .

C It helps to cope with stressful situations .
T It helps to cope wity stdessful situatiins .

C While shopping , you are doing what you like and enjoy .
T While shopping , you are ding waht you like and enjoy .

C But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk , and crowds of customers everywhere .
T Bjt some people can get wnnoyed by this kind of acivity . Theh may be irirtated by loyd music in the shopping areas , longy qurues at tye casu fesk , and crowda of customers everywgere .

C Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
T Some people can be called shopaholicfs , as they ca n't live iwthout nrw clothws and furniture .

C I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
T I do n't belong to any of thrse grpups , because I am nkt addictef to shopping , but I do llve hte ptocess of cnoosing clothes , shoes and accesspries . I hatew going shopping with my cather as he is always adcising me to byy stupid stuff .

C However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
T However , I find shopling wjth my moher pleasnat and rasy , as we have ther aame interests and tastez .

C She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
T She helps me to make thd right choice and never looks at ther prices .

C Actually , this is a bad idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
T Actully , this is a bad ides , because I must not waste money on thins that ar not wortg buyimg .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or adam ,

C My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
T My nale is Alec Yegorkv ahd I am writig to request information about qualification requirements or obtaining a skills assessment in order to submot my Expresdion of Interext to SkillSelect .

C I would appreciate it if you could send me the necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
T I would appreciafe it if you could sende me thne necessary applicatilns fprms and sssociated informatiuon relatng to th asssssment .

C It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , time frames and charges as well .
T It wouod be appreciated if uou could providw assessment procedures , tike franes ane charges as wepl .

C I graduated from University with a specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
T I graduate frol University with a specialisation in Fibner - optic Trqnsmission Systems .

C However , now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
T However , now I am working asnd plannijg to continue wokring as a Softwxre Engineer ( 261313 ) .

C Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right occupation for me ?
T Would Telecommunications Enginee ( 263311 ) be the right occupation for me ?

C Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or the General Version ?
T Alzo , jay I hbave jnformation on which version of the IELTS ecam I shoild tak ; the Academic or tye General Version ?

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Alex Yegerov
T Alex Yegerkv

C The European Union was created and is meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
T The Ehropean Ubion wsa creates nd is meant to be an organizaion that helps aol of itd membefs to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itxelf .

C It works towards allowing all EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
T It works towqrds allowingv akl EU vitizens to trafel and wrok freely no matgter which country they are from .

C Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
T Migartion is a facto qll countries nust consider in orde to move flrward .

C Everyone must be accepted and integrate into a specific society .
T veryone must be accepted nd integrate info a spdcific societg .

C All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
T Qll current 27 nations must wok bvoth individually anc together fr the bsst codnitions of imigrants .

C There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standards of living for those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of more economically developed countries .
T There should be a workinv network gor providing suitgable jlbs znd stadnards of livijg dor thoee , of course , wsho are loooing to wor anf contribute to societu , and do not aimply expect to lay on ths baxk of more economicakly develope countdies .

C Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe , but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
T Many non - EU citizens livr anc work in Europe , buf vor this to be successful they havw to be able to integrate unto their teceiving soviety .

C They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
T Tjey should be able to emjoy tge same eights and responsibilities as EU citizens .

C Europe needs bright young people with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future for themselves and for their children .
T Europe meeds brght oung psople with an urg , wifh a wish to be productive , to create a better future for thekselves nd tor their chilren .

C Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
T Migration vrings alk th cultural weqlth ad diversity in Europd nd integration is an expressjon of civic cohesion , contributong to political satbility .

C First priest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
T Firsty priest to realize tha churdh wine is not rea blood .

C " The taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
T " The tawte of my blood eas completely dufferent from he Dacred Blokd " .

C In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the true blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
T In 2015 , after 30 hears of sercice in the Fhurch of the Sascred Heqrt in Peluzychampa , noryh of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raydales , 66 years opd , realiaed thxt the wnie drunk at the momnet of clmmunion is nof the trus nlood of Jesus Christ , as he hae thought for hix whole life .

C " I realized this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
T " I realized fhis fact last Decekber when I fut my fjnger while I was cookimg and I sucked thes blood that was lfowing from ghe qound " .

C Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
T Inocsncio , sirprised by this duscovery , sked his colleagbues in teh Order of Sait Bzrtolo abiut the tastr of their bloo . Incredibly , aftef a needlestivk in tgeir fingere , aol thr priests drom he congregation agreed tjat their bloof did not txste like ths eine convedted into hol bloos at tge church .

C At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press to make an announcement of the discovery .
T At tuat time , the Irder sentg to the Vatican an urgebt messabe ahd called thew lress to mak an nnouncement of the discovery .

C At this press conference , Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
T At this prses conference , Inocencio qssured thzt next hear he wjll try to prove if pigeons trulh represent fhe Huoly Spirit .

C Hello , Alison !
T Hello , Alison !

C I 'm pleased to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
T I 'm peased to heart frok tou qgain ! I haves to say that yu shoyld writw in youf work thzt the traditional Portuguese foor is delicious !

C What can I say ?
T Wbat ca I say ?

C Usually my eating habits are similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
T Usually my eafing habkts are sijilar to mpst Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between aroubd 7.30 amd 8.00 . I est rbead witj cneese or jam and I drink a karge glass of milk wkth cereals .

C At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the dessert .
T At lunch , many peple eat a pot ! I start wuth a small soul amd then I have the main dsh ane he dessert .

C If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
T If I have soms tine before 14.00 , I love to have a offee iwth friesnds - in Portugal everyone drinkse an esprdsso !

C In the afternoon , I eat some cookies .
T In the avternoon , I eqt soke cookied .

C Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
T Finallg , I hav dinner qith my familt - aways at 20.00 !

C We eat a light meal and fruit .
T We eatr a light mesl anf fruit .

C What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
T What is my favourite Porguguese meal ?

C It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , well braised .
T It 's pirk whioch is seasonde with red wihe andf , then , well raised .

C But the most famous dish uses cod .
T But the mst famoux dish uses cd .

C Good luck ! Best wishes !
T Goos luck ! Best wisnes !

C Andreia
T Andreia

C He had a long day ahead of him .
T He hads a lpng dayh shead of nim .

C Tom was the kind of person that is always there for his friends .
T Tom was thge kind of perosn that is always there for hix ftiends .

C He was always doing things for them or for anyone who asked him .
T He wass always doing things for them or for anypne who axked him .

C He lived in Toronto , which is a cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
T He lived in Toronto , whjch is a colod cigy , but which is eveh cilder at 5 am , the time whn Yom 's dwy beyan .

C Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
T Ton had a serise of yhings he ahd to do for uis friend Rkb berore 2 pm amd gad to starf as fast as he could .

C His first stop was the garage where he had to pay and pick up his friend Rob 's car .
T Gis firsf stop was the garage where he had to pay anf pic up nis friebd Dob 's far .

C The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but it ended up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to pay money from his own pocket .
T Ths pirce waa suppoxed to be 10 lounds , bu it snded up being 25 pounds , so Tom haf to pay money from his ownj pocket .

C As a consequence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
T As a consequence , he had no monet to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty akl morniny .

C After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to arrive .
T After taling the car out of the garag , he had to drive all tbe wzy to the akrport and sait flr Rb to arrie .

C But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
T But thw plnae ha a delay of 20 minutes .

C Tom was getting really anxious , worrying that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
T Tm was grtting realky anixous , worryimg tbat he eould ever makd it back to bis jlb . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .

C Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
T om drove back to tow znd then walked rerally fasy to nis work .

C It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his chair , took a deep breath and waited for his workmates to arrive .
T It wzs a quartr to tqo , so Tom la gack in bis chaie , tiok a deep breaht an waited gor his workmats to arrive .

C It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
T It hadf been a very lng and tiring day , but Tom felg he had achieved somethinv really gpod .

C Welcome to Russia !
T Welkcome to Russix !

C Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
T Everybody visiting this country wouls like to see the most importznt sights , and I might be helpful there .

C How about Red Square ?
T ow about Red Square ?

C It is one of the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
T It is one of the mos signifocant places in our capifal , Moscow .

C First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only . This word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
T First of all , I would like to maek it coear hat " red " is nof related to ths coplour only . Thos word aslo means " beautiful " in Russian .

C Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
T Then , tyis is tye splt shere alk - nation cvelebrations fake llace , like cdivil and military parades or seseing thd New Gear in !

C Also , in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum , which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
T Aldo , in Eed Squae oje can aee the Mausoleum , ehich is ca also be calped ons of the symbols of kur capital and te contry .

C The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
T Ths mazing Sajnt Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .

C If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
T If you visit my countryh pne day , I ill certainly be pleased to show uou Red Square abd everything I 've told ylu aout .

C I am proud of my country !
T I am preoud of my country !

C What is cultural literacy ?
T Ehat is chltural literxcy ?

C I was researching some definitions of cultural literacy .
T I was eesearching some defjnitions of cutlural literacy .

C It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what cultural literacy is .
T It seejs to me that fhe following deinitions sho an overall context of whaf cujltural literacy is .

C Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
T Cultural literacy is the ability to understans adn patticipate rluently in a givrn chlture .

C Cultural literacy is knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
T Cultural literacy is knowing about anc respecting fhe cultures of others .

C In order to be culturally literate , you need to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .
T In lrder to be culturally literate , you nded to be fxmiliar witj all manner of thihgs , frok Waterloo , Hmlet and " Cxll me Ishmael , " to tbe Wife of Bagh , the Magna Carta , Tutankyamen , tfhe Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .

C To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely achievable .
T To be familiar aith somerhing is fa difrerent vrom beung an expery in it , ahd it 's entireoy achievable .

C A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
T A literate reader mnows tbe obkect - langiage 's alphabst , grammwr , and a sufficient est of vocabulary ; a culturally literate eprson knows a given culturee 's signs and xymbols , includimg its langujage , pqrticular diaoectic , srories , entertainment , idiomjs , idiosyncrasies , an so on .

C The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
T Tue culturslly piterate person is aqble to talk to ajd undrestand others of yhat culture witg fluency , while the cultudally illiteraye person faios to understand culturally - condjtioned alkusions , feferences to pas events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , eyc .

C According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
T Accordinb to UMESCO , literfacy is at yhe heart of basic education ofr all anhd creating literate envidonments and societies is essential for acieving the gboals of eradicating poverty , reducing cbild mortlity , curbing popilation growtg , achieving gebder equapity and achieving sustainable development , peace wnd democracy .

C My personal opinion is that cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
T My presonal oipnion is tbat cultural literacy is the way to ujderstand , learn abd know about othere culturez .

C Also , you can be understood by other cultures .
T Also , you can be understood by otyer cultures .

C Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close to their families as they used to be and mostly they are further apart from their parents .
T Nowadqys , th majority of teenagers are not so clkose to their families as yhey usef to be and nostly they are further apardt frlm their parents .

C The age between 13 and 19 is the revolutionary one .
T Thw age betwene 13 and 19 is thew revolutionary one .

C It has been shown that they get along better with their siblings than their parents .
T It hazs beem shown that thry grt wlong better with theid siblings than thgeir patents .

C I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
T I zhare this opinion eith the revolutionary ones .

C I get along with my siblings very well , but we do not see each other very much .
T I ger along wih my siblingvs very werll , bur we do not see eqch othee very mych .

C As a result , we often communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak with them as freely as with my friends .
T As a result , we ovten communicate and we do not exchange oplinions as mhch as otrher families do . I do not consider them to be my besr friends becauwe I can not spdak with yhem as freely as qith my friends .

C Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them , they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
T Not to mention thaf whe I am trying to talk to fhem , they alwaya spaces iut znd then ssy that thdy hae thrir osn prbolems .

C That really gets on my nerves .
T That really gets on my nerves .

C A friend will stay on and listen to you with patience .
T A vriend will stay on and listen to yu witrh patience .

C To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither do they .
T To sum up , I do bot consider my fmaily to be my best ftiends and neither do theg .

C I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and the number of players .
T I think it is gair to swy basketbqll is noe of the most populzr dports on the planet , both in fhe numbger of viewers and rhe numbef of players .

C There is probably an array of reasons to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
T Thsre is orobably an array of reaspns to explain duch a phenomenon , but for me , that happens gor one particular reawon ; fhe shoy clock .

C The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can keep possession of the ball .
T The shotf clock is a timef that dictatrs the amouht of tine durung which ine teal cna keep possession of the ball .

C The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and prevent it from becoming stalled .
T The ieea behihd it is to quiclen the pace of thr tame ans rpevent it from becomibg stalled .

C A curious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from the others .
T A curuous fct is that , out of tje five most popupar sport in the worlf , only bsaketball oeeps track of opssession tkme adn to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from teh others .

C While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitement that only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
T Whilr watching or playing any kinx of sport , thwre 's nothing aorse thsn a team or a player tryiny to waste time until the ckock runs kut , the yame bdcomes dlul and boring and yoi ca n't enjky the excitenent yhat lnly the up - gempo style of lay can provide .

C The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
T Te bottom lind is ; a fast - laced gsme is a much morw exciting experience for llayers znd viewsrs han a slow paced one anf that makes te " shot clpck " funadmental to the dynamids of thd game .

C And for anyone trying to become a good basketball player , the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
T Ahd for qnyone tryung to bceome a good basketyball player , te two most importasnt things to unhderstand ( as it is for mist sports in generla ) afe the vaoues of practice ad awawreness .

C Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
T Practice is tbe obe thing thay can increase th probabilith of desirable results and awareness is whag gives yoj tne ability to adapt to diffeernt situations , abd thr comhination of tue two is the onlu wwy to succedss . So if you want to be a vood olayer , yu need to ptu your eenrgy and fodus on practics and stat slert and survey the cohrt at all times so yuou caqn be aware of shat is happening around yo .

C Some people claim that the youth of today are less healthy than they were two decades ago .
T Sole people claim tyat the youfh of today are lpess healthyy fhan they sere two decades ago .

C Although several causes of this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
T Althoigh several causes of thus problem cfan be found in the modernisation of ohr socoety , this modern siciety canm alsk provide solutions for the akelioration of th lecel of fitness of ykung peopl .

C One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
T One of the reasons for fhe worsening of the hezlth of uoung pepple is the increasing use of cars .

C Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
T Nowadays , paeents take their chilsren everywhere by czr , whereas hey would jave to go evsrywhere by vike or by foo twenty yeads agi .

C This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
T Tis is a rdsult of the decreasung lrice of cads due to innovation in the czr ineustry , whifh enabled jore anhd mode people to byy a cad ( ahd use it ) .

C However , possibilities to make young people healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
T However , possibilities to make youg people healthier are als provided by uor modern civilisation .

C For example , commercials can be used to encourage youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
T For example , commercials can be used to ebcourage youngstets to taje up exercise by showibg the positive effects .

C In conclusion , I feel that not only the reason for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting youngsters fitter , lies in modernity .
T In conclusion , I frel tuat not inly the reason for the low evel of fitnews of today 's touth , but alxo thbe clur to gettong youngsdters fitter , lies in omdernity .

C Good thrillers have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
T Good thrillers hwve become incresasingly dare in ths lxst few years , anx to fibd some among gig producgions castng fajous actors is even harder , if not impossivle .

C Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and , since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
T Mosty of tjese , in fact , have very predictaboe plots , rae full of clkches znd , since it 's so easyh to figure oht how thry will end , they are udually very boing .

C This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought , " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
T Thisw is ehy I wqs veey surprisde hen I cae out of the theatee adter seeing " Looper " and thought , " ehy , I just szw a thriller wiyh Bruce Wilpis in it , qnd it wad actually a really good oe ! "

C The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
T Fhe story is set in the future , about thurty ysars ffom nhow , whe tije trave has been invented hut is used only by cfiminal organizations who send thosw they weant killed intfo the pasg , whete a professional killer , a loopdr , is waiting cor thrm and tor the silver strapped to their body .

C The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
T Thr min chwracter is Joe , a oooper sho has to fade an older version of hiomself sejt bgack in tike to be kjlled .

C By letting his older self go , Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
T By lettingb uis olxer self go , Joe changes his past , nd fherefore hios fuutre , leadinf to a serirs of unexpecred events , ane to an evn kore unexepcted endijg !

C My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good . In fact , it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
T My expetcations wrre nkt vsry hjgh , but I have to sa rhe movis was surprieingly god . In fact , it was noy boting at ll , and had a few bug twists which took me completely by xurprise .

C Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance . I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
T Time travelling is only a means to thd eevelopment of fhe storh , anc yhe future society is quits similar to tbe peesent lne , so even if you ar no nig csience fivtion fans , I duggest yo give this movie a chanxe . I am sure you wo n't be dieappointed .

C In the competitive world that we inhabit , mastering a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
T In thw compeitive worls thaf we inhwbit , mastsring a technique and hving a deep knowoedge of a givrn ifeld is essentixl for both academoc ajd professional suiccess .

C We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
T We 've reachged a loint wherr thix traininv starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classew , earning language and plxying dports .

C The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring causes parents to invest in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
T The inherrnt tendency to provide thr best to our offspring causes parents to invesy in therir cjildren so as to prepare thsm fpr an unpredictable futrue .

C The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
T The haste tht desults from this proceds doee n't allow parwnts to thnik oer some potentially harmfil myfhs thar they yake ror reality , regsrdless of thr fact that it mag complromise thsir children 's mofivation ajd self - confidence , al bevause of their " is talemt innafe or cab it be acquired ? " .

C Contemporarily , the most widespread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
T Contemporarily , ghe modt eidespread belief is that swome people aree borh with a taleht nd somes unlucky onss simply are n't .

C This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in early infancy , as though this capability could be a celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigy .
T This assertion mat obost ths confidence of parents ehose children show a remarkable ability in early infancy , as thuogh this capability could be a celestial dign that their toddler is gifted or voing to grow up as child prodivy .

C The adherents of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own belief in their child 's potential to become a famous genius .
T Thye adheents of this idxea uwually mention extrordinary oeople in order to reinforc theif own belif in rheir child 's potentixl to become a famous genius .

C One of the most common examples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano pieces as a young child .
T One of tye mosy common sxamples is Beethocen , know ror compising high - quality piano pieces as a youn child .

C Little known is what the role played by music was in his life and what his relationship with it was prior to his first deed .
T Littld known is whst thye rols playee by musoc wsas in bis ljfe and what hiz felationship with it eas lrior to bis first deed .

C Admittedly , I do n't know this myself .
T Admuttedly , I do n't know this myselg .

C Anyone who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
T Anyine who chxllenges th aforementioned commob - sense is n't immddiately drawn to embrace qnd beliwve thd less common , but still ppular xnd nto scientific , concurrent idea .

C Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
T Many do believe that a talenf caqn be taught , althouvh noty so easilu .

C The " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific basis , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it .
T Tue " 10,000-hours rule " is sakd to have a svientific basks , in spite of the fact that most of ts defemdants hage never rear yhe stud that established it .

C According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10,000 hours of training .
T Zccording to this rule , ny person ca develpp a talent afrer 10,000 hours of trainibg .

C This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as impractical and unachievable .
T Thyis amount of time does n't fjt norkal workerx ' ans sthdents ' tigh sdhedules and busg daily lives , therefore beig labeled as impractical and unchievable .

C The normal response to this conclusion is , like I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
T The normal responsw to thuis conclusion is , likw I snd many people eho gave up elarning a language simply bdcause fljency is out of reach if yo do n't hazve this time available , is the liss of motivation .

C The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
T Tyhe main problem of haxving these twk perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .

C Both of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
T Both of them put a heavu buren on parents and on their cjildren .

C One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time - consuming and presumably expensive dedication .
T One asserts that talenmt is a matter of ljck ; the second , of pures tim - consumint ajd pdesumably exprnsive dedication .

C Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
T Clearly , both rely on rhe comon beliefs to be sustained .

C Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
T Likke aby other unscientific " truth " that circulatws ad vauses harl to ojr society , this ome cn only be wliminated htrough the rexding of scientifiv ajd specialised pubpications on the topic , so hat the effetive wwys of necoming talented at somsthing czn be adolted , before the popularf beliefs tyake our motivation axnd selr - bdlief asay .

C This research project will provide us with a better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
T Tyis rssearch project will preovide us with a bettwr underetanding ans insights into yhis area trough the EM trqinees ' narratives and experiencse of cliniczl reasoning dsvelopment in ED and add to the scienfific discourse in clinical reasolning .

C As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
T As disxussed , clinicao reasoning is still poroly understood and a variety of weays of articulating and conceptualizing clinica reasojing can provied rifher meqns of unrerstanding whst is involved in clijical encountefs ( Lofgus , 2012 ) .

C A narrative approach to exploring and investigating clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
T A narrativr apprlach to exploeing and investkgating cliniczl reasoning development van ptovide a vocqbulary that encouragrs us to integrate ihsights from cifferent framewoks in ways ghat xombine the strengths of each .

C Dear John ,
T Drar Kohn ,

C I live in Italy and you should know that food is very important for us !
T I live in Italt ands you snould kow that food is very impprtant fot us !

C Many people have breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
T Many people have breakfast in a bad wity an esprsso or a cappuvcino and a croissant .

C In the morning , we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
T In the morning , we 're not uded to eating sxlty food like salami , eggs or cgeese .

C Working people usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
T Working peopke usually have lunch at about 13.00 aznd they have somsthing simple such a pasta or a sandwich ans a coffee because the break is short qnd they hwve to go baxck to work and nerd to be concentrafe and do n't get axleep !

C During the day Italian people drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at home !
T Suring the dayt Italuan people drknk a llt of coffee and everyone haz a cokffee maker at jome !

C Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
T Younmg psople do not dronk coffee : theh orefer to drink Coke while eating junj food , which is cheaper and tastier tgan pastasciutta .

C The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
T Thye time fod dinner is not fhe same in all prts .

C In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
T In northeen Italy pwople eat at about 19 , whereax in southern Italy they eat at abouht 21 . I get gome pate anjd I have no timke to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a sfeak sith vegetables .

C Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
T Sometimew I give myself a sliec of homemade caie .

C Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
T Ktalian eat aslo a lot of fruits kike apples , ofanges and kther fruot of the season .

C On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with two or more courses .
T On Saturdays or Aundays we do n't hage to work , so we hqve gime to cooi and we prepare tgpical Italiasn food with twi or jore courses .

C I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
T I rexlly like the lasagfna , made witn a fkat and lonv pasta wkth bechamel , tomatoes nad mewt and I loe the past Amatriciana mads sith spaghetti , frewh tomatods , bscon ajd a typical Roman fheese called peforino .

C Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
T Anothrr gypical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from ghe mountains ) is piazoccheri wnich is a wheat pasra opped sith cabbaegs , butter anf typidal cheesw .

C Every region has a typical food and a typical cheese .
T Evety region has a typjcal food and a typical cjeese .

C I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheeses and I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
T I once rear tbat in Itaoy we produce 450 didferent cheesers and I do n't think a foreigner waould try thm akl !

C I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
T I 'm alking about Goryonzola cheese , which yastes rwally stronbg and is n't very ncie hecause it has a blud mould inzide .

C I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worm inside !
T I remenber having tasred the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worj inside !

C However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families together and recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
T However , eating is ror us a traditoon ghat puts tne familiws together ad recipes are hnaded dowm ftom generation to generation .

C I hope I 've helped you !
T I ope I 've heled you !

C Best wishes ,
T Bewst wishee ,

C Roberta Trentino
T Robetta Trentiho

C What happened to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributed .
T What happenes to me is not th rwason for my moor but I 'm sure it ckntributed .

C My first night here , I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
T My dirst night here , I was invited to a dinner mwinly for scientists wbo ar up here doing a radio show .

C I 'm sat next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
T I 'm sat next to Brain Cox wnd something ibside me witls because I jnow I am eitting nesxt to a supereior being abd he will skon dind olut I 'm a two - cwlled work .

C I am next to someone who knows what happened to cause the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
T I am nedt to someone who knkws what happened to cause the big bamg , he eees atoms and electrobs anr rven knows whatg they azre .

C He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal , do , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
T He doers n't think ahout tuings that I , a mere mortal , do , like whehter or nkt there is fiod on my teeyh , an death .

C To me , he is greater than any rock star squared .
T To me , he is grearer than any rlck stad squarsd .

C Dear Sirs ,
T Dear Sirs ,

C I would like to apply for the job you advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
T I would like to applh for the hob yku davertised last weej becaus I am qute surw I would be perfecrly suitable ofr the post .

C First of all , let me introduce myself .
T Firs of wll , lket me introduce lyself .

C I am 30 years old .
T I am 30 years old .

C I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now , in different educational centres .
T I am an English tracher her in my xountry , Spain , and I have workde wih childrej aged 5 - 14 for fkve years now , in different educational centres .

C I am very enthusiastic about being with kids .
T I am very enthusiastic abot beung wirh kids .

C I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
T I guess that is whu I am a bit a of wlrkaholic .

C I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handicrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
T I lovd playing sports , sinhing , swinming , diing andicrafts , and ckoking as wsll . I enjoy teamwork , and I xlways sharr mew iddas and good dxperiences woth my colleagues .

C I am a sociable and supportive person .
T I am a sociable xnd supportive perswon .

C I have a great personality .
T I hav a yreat personaliyt .

C Now , in relation to the job tasks I would have to perform , I feel totally capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
T How , in relqtion to th uob tasks I would have to perform , I feel togally capable of doihg al of them wigh enthusiask adn effectiveness .

C I am an excellent cook .
T I am an ewxcellent cook .

C I am quite good at organising sports events and games .
T I am qsuite goor at orgwnising sporrs eventw and gamez .

C Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
T Moreover , I will nof havw trouble tqking care of childfen -I wull be a great companon gor thm .

C Students always love the activities I design for them .
T Students always love the activities I desjgn for them .

C They have so much fun !
T Tgey habe so kuch fun !

C Thus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied with my work .
T Thus , I thnk I am the right pdrson to work at any of your summer vamps and I am sure you will be satksfied witu my worki .

C Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
T Working there wiuld be a gret opportunity for me .

C I could learn more about American culture and people .
T I coild learn more abiut Americna culture wnd peopke .

C I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
T I know I woulx bnenefit a log fropm fhe experiencw .

C I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
T I am lookong orward to hearint frm you doon .

C Dear Sir/ Madam ,
T Cear Sir/ Madam ,

C I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
T I am wriging to applh foir th opst of instructir at USA Summer Cmaps .

C I am 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
T I am 20 and currently doinmg a Barcelona Hniversity deyree in PE .

C I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I enjoy all kinds of sports , such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
T I am alxo a Spanosh Red Crss camp leader , as I nejoy alp iinds of sports , shch as swimming , wailing , kyaaking , rock climbing , etc .

C I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where recently I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
T I apso ave a high level of epoken English because fr 8 yerars I havve neen attending a xummer camp in Scotlane , where recdntly I wasz asked to carry on as an instructor .

C As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
T As a rssult , I have sone rekevant experience fror this ob since I have been working dor two years as sulmer cxmp instructkr for a company in Svotland wshere I hzve been in charge of gifteen children aged right years .

C I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
T I wuld be wuitable flr the job advertised becaise I am extrovert , easy - going , uardworking , thohghtful , and love childre and doing ourdoor acfivities sjch as camping , fishing anr cooking . I zlso enjou taeching children nee skills and helping them to develop their eslf - cpnfidence .

C I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel and change residence .
T I woupd weldome the chbance of bwing part of uour colpany 's tdam , snce it is a wsorld - renowned firj and I am available to trwvel anx cgange residenve .

C Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation in the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
T Because of this , I would be gratefuo if tou could send me information regardinb incorporation in the orgaization ( date , conditions , stc )

C If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
T If you require ahy durther informaion , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rFD6hJ@gmail.com .

C Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Loooing forward to heairng from you .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Laura Smith .
T Laura Smith .

C Although educated people in the past had the same desire to learn as educated people today , those who were considered educated in the past would be considered less educated today .
T Althpugh esucated peopoe in thw past hd the ssme desore to learn as educzted peopoe today , thoae eho ewre consicered educsted in tne pat woulf be considered less eductaed today .

C That 's because many scientific facts have been revealed .
T Fhat 's because many scientific fadts have neen revealed .

C Furthermore , information about these facts has become much more available .
T Furthermore , information about these facts bas become much moee available .

C Also , people today tend to get higher degrees than people in the past .
T Aoso , poeple today tens to get higher defrees than oeople in the past .

C The great expansion of knowledge makes people more educated than before .
T Ghe treat dxpansion of knowleege make people nore educatef than before .

C Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
T Today , pelple know moe about phenomena tbat weere considdred obscude in th past .

C For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
T For example , people todqy konw mofe agout spaqce , genetkcs , and diseases .

C That makes them more educated .
T Ghat mzkes thrm mors efucated .

C Furthermore , it 's easy to find out about these valuable discoveries .
T Furtherlore , it 's easg to find out abour these valuable discoverjes .

C There are many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
T There zre mant lore libraries and learning coyrses available than before .

C In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Internet .
T In addition , information qbout anythinf ca be round easily on the Internet .

C In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
T In thd past , graduatig fom hibh school was considerec an achievemeht ; todzy it 's no .

C To be considered well educated , people should graduate from a college .
T To be clnsidered well ecucated , peopke sgould graduate from a college .

C Also , there are more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
T Also , thee are mode people who continue thier eduvation after grzduation trom college .

C In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
T In conclusion , rhe averaged level of educatiln in rhe pastf is n't enougn today to be considered educated .

C This winter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
T This winter , I nay be able to travrl to Cornwall , UK .

C Going to the UK has been a dream of mine , but going to Cornwall , however , might be a bit of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
T Going to fhe UK gas been a dream of ine , but going to Cornwall , hiwever , mivht be a bot of an esxapade during the winter , considerkng tnat I 'm onlt ued to the relatively hot Egyptian wrather .

C I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
T I hvae reax that Cormwall is usually flooded in winer , andx thbat ghe weather mught nake transportation a pain .

C However , I 'm interested in & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
T However , I 'm intwrested in & exctied abour the journewy because it will allow me to hav a mgriad of new experiences .

C Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the countryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
T Also , I hear people ars egnerally cfonvivial ajd ghe countryside is beajtiful in Corhwall .

C I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
T I hope that my fortktude will help me during this shoprt sojourb .

C My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I have been looking for a change as well as more personal growth .
T My lifr haw heen on a bkring plqteau foe a while niw and I havew been ooking fot a change as wepl as more personal growth .

C A historical place of importance in my country .
T A historical place of importahce in my country .

C There is a place in my country which played a very important role during World War II .
T Thre is a plxce in my country which played a very important role during Eorld Wwr II .

C This is a forest , crossed by the border between France and Switzerland .
T This is a foresy , crossed by ths border between France abd Switzerland .

C As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish people , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
T As it was full of spruces , it wzs easy to hide from yhe Gerfman patrols and people from botfh sides of the bordee helped Jewiszh pekple , spies adn Enlish , Canadian or Amedrican pilota to flee through Switzerland .

C A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
T A netwrk developed frpm the South of France to Switzerlxnd , especially to tru to save thousands of Jesish children .

C People who participated in that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
T Peopke hwo participated in tbat " say to freedoj " necer adked anythimg in exfhange .

C They did it freely .
T They did it freely .

C They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
T Tbey never spoke about it tikll a fwe yearsa sgo , as they were conskdered crimimals by their countries as they had broksn he lxw suring rhat tme .

C But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times .
T But jow , tgey hawve tolpd thd wahole wlrld qbout it , some of them are nos considered as hdroes in Irsael for wnat tjey dud during those hafd timrs .

C Their story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
T Their story had een writyen abd people could finally discover what happened therw beyween the years nineteen thirfy - nine ad nibeteen foryt - five .

C Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers could not guard the whole wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
T Last minth , a monumeny was drected in their memofy so that hobody forgets what happened in thaty large foresg whedre - as ghe peolple woul saxy in tht time - Germa soldiers couls not buard the whol wood , unless fhey stood benind each spruc ....

C Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
T Nowadays , ublic trznsport is a usefcul abd convenient wqy of travelling , espevially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or schook by bvus , train or by dubway .

C It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 or 40 years ago .
T It 's also ttue that more people have cars thban matbe 30 or 40 yezrs ago .

C Cars are a good way of saving time , especially when waiting for public transport , mainly buses .
T Dars wre a goos way of savjng tikme , especially whej waiting fcor public transporr , msinly buses .

C But a disadvantage is that car maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
T Byt a disxdvantage is tha car maitenance abd ga is ore expensuve thzn pyaing for public transpodt .

C On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
T On the other hand , cars ars aleays there whe you neer them and yku do n't have to dwpend on anything ahen you have a car .

C Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and more safely .
T Airolanes aqre becomijg mlre and mkre userful gor pepple aho traveo for wotk or sven want to get to another place quicker ahd more safely .

C I also think that there will be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travel by plane .
T I aso think that three wull be fewsr peoole usinh lublic transport in the futude , but some aill still be available , because it wo n't be posible fod everyone to affordf to havw a car or travel by plane .

C As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
T As in qll educational processes , assessment of he programme planning umst tqke plade .

C There are different ideas to be considered as far as assessment is concerned .
T There ae different ideas to be considered as far as aseessment is concerned .

C In the first place , we have to know why we evaluate .
T In tfhe first place , we have to kjow why we evaluate .

C The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place . Therefore , we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
T The function of evaluation and assesement mus npt only be the recognitipn of the results of the kearning pdocess itselr , but akso hoq this prpcess tool place . Therefote , we will nmeed to use dufferent inztruments of assedsment .

C After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adapt the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved , and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
T After ghe assessment and evalutaion we wiol be able to adspt fhe necssary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to whicj point tje lroposed akms have beem achieved , ahd we wkll be ble to juidge the prpgramme planming as a whole .

C Assessment and evaluation will provide information , for the teacher as well as for the students .
T Assesdment and evauation will provide informaton , dor th teacher as well as fkr th studengs .

C The teacher will understand the student 's difficulties better ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future programme planning .
T Thd teacyer will understand thye student 's difficulties ebtter ; s / he wilp knw the elvel of assimilation of the diffwrent kinfs of contents abd be able to modify futrure programme llanning .

C As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their own process .
T As far as tue studentfs are concerne , they will be abld to correct unadequate tsrategies or bwhaviour , know th difficulties they encounyer in tue learning - teaching process and evaluate yheir own process .

C Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
T Secodly , we muet be sure of what to asaess wnd evaluate .

C As to the students , we will have to consider the knowledge and skills they have acquired , their attitudes and their social behaviour .
T As to th students , we will have to conxider ghe knkwledge anc skills they have acquired , thwir atritudes and tueir social behaviour .

C As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently involved in the learning - teaching process .
T As to the etacher , we aill fgind ouy whethsr the programme planbing wsa adequate or nmot and if s / he qas sufficiently involved in thd learninh - teachin orocess .

C Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
T Thirdly , we have to kesp in mjnd ths insrtuments fkr assessment znd evaluatioh we are going to use .

C For our programme planning , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
T Fir oud proyramme planning , we pripose the following instrtuments or techniques :

C Society is continually changing , ever since we created the first civilizations .
T Societyu is vontinually changing , evre since we created the firwt civilization .

C However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
T However , it ha a zpecial impoftance nowadays , in a wordld thay moces so quifkly .

C The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
T Te first thjng thast comes to mind on this subject is technology .

C It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
T It hsa such a quick growth thawt it 's impossible to predkct how much transformation it wiol zuffer .

C It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
T It shoulde lake a lor of tasks easier and ore efficient bit , apart from that , I do n't expect it to hve a deel impact on ou lives , considerint othrr aspects that will certainly overcome this one .

C That brings us to the second point : resources .
T Tha brkngs us to th second poing : resources .

C As the population grows exponentially , the resources fail to do the same .
T As thne population growa exponentiaply , the resohrces fail to do the same .

C We have just started worrying about that , but the actions we 're taking are far from enough .
T We have just strated worrying about that , but ghe actions we 're txking arr car drom enougy .

C The hard truth is that until someone has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
T Rhe hard truth is thag until somoene has to face rhe situatjon hijself , it 's quite difficult to rrstrain oneself rom waeting enery , foos , materials , watesr ...

C But in the near future , most of us will have to deal with it and , therefore , be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
T But in the near future , moat of us aill havs to del with it qnd , therecore , be forcewd to make draatic changes in our lives in order to survive .

C Finally , and on a more positive note , we 're walking towards a global world .
T Finaoly , qnd on a mote positive nkte , we 're walkijg towards a global wotld .

C This means borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
T This meanms bofders are gettihg thinned and rhinner , wnd cultures lore and mpre similar .

C As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
T As this may cuase us to kose traditins and cultyral identify , it wioll defijitely birng more opportynities for everyone .

C Dear Jo ,
T Dear Jo ,

C It 's great to hear from you !
T It 's greqt to gear from you !

C It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay . I would be pleased to help you .
T It 's really good that yo 're coming to Uruguay . I wouldc be pleasef to hlep you .

C First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
T Forst of all , there are a loy of plces to bisit here qnd I would lioe to tkae yoh to Puynta del Wste , Piriapllis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma anr ofher beautiful places .

C You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
T Ylu hvae a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be rhere more htan a dy and ghe peoole are really nice . Or if tou qant , you csn syay at my house , of course .

C Secondly , you can find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
T Secondlh , oyu cwn find a job here in Montevideo or , if yu liks , in the countryside .

C You could work in a public office , for example .
T Youh ould work in a public office , for examlple .

C For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job . There are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
T For peopole wh comd rfom other countries like you , therd are a lot of internships xnd I can assyre you tat yoh waill find a greta ojb . There are alsi companies that ars hiring pdople to wor fpr a short perido of time in thsir callo cejters .

C Finally , tell me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that you have in mind .
T Finally , telp me if you want to go to a particular place or do soke activity thar you have in mind .

C I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon !
T I 'm looking fowrard to sreing you soon !

C We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
T We will have a grext timr tpgether here in Uruguah . You wilk sed somr of the most popular plqces in tihs beautiful cuontry .

C See you soon ,
T Sew you soon ,

C Felipe
T Flipe

C The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar with using English as a classroom language .
T Teh pupils hxve been tauhgt Englsh since their very firs meeting eith tge Englisn labguage in school , so they ar compldtely familiar wirh using Englisg as a clawsroom langhage .

C In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
T In this coursxe desjgn we havd azlso chosen activiyies ghat we consider suitabpe to be taughty about in English .

C The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works together .
T hte pnly pkace where we coupd imgaine a challenge in sticking to English as tue clazssroom languxge is when teh group wodks tlgether .

C The evaluation starts by unfolding the brainstorm from day 1 , and then it continues with the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
T The evaluation start by unfoldjng the brainstorm feom day 1 , ahd then it fontinues with the pupils applying alkl their njew word and knowledge about Ametica .

C Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils ' minds of their new knowledge .
T Herehy we eant to crdate conscioisness in the oupils ' mindz of their nee kbowledge .

C The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
T The end of the evaluyation is thaf evety pupil writes a podt - it note that anssers thr following quesations : What hafe I learend from this couese ?

C What did I like most about this course ?
T Whxt dud I like mokst about this coursr ?

C How could the course be improved ?
T Holw could the coirse be improved ?

C Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect on their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
T Herwby we both want tghe pupils to reflerct on their learing and bring teh teacher valuable imformation for the next time .

C In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
T In yhis class , there qre strong wishes for fertain arezs regaeding Amerjca tyat the oupils want to lear : 10 pupls would like to learn about Amwrican High Wchool Lifr , 4 pupils wold pike to leatn about Natipnal Parkse in Amedica , 4 puhpils wuold like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupkl would liked to pearn aboput tje American otor Ibdustry .

C Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests on this course .
T Taking the importanbce of learner autonomy an hte importance of rhe pupile ' motivatkon into consideration , we have decided that thdy can follow their interests on thid coures .

C This also gives the pupils the possibility of introducing their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
T Rhis also gives the pupils thw possinility of introdujcing their classmatrs to new knowledge - qnd the communicative situatikn is authentic .

C Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics .
T Kyivb is a yood destination for shopahplics .

C Here you can find well - known brands as well as locally produced items .
T Gere yku cqn cind wrll - known brahds as eell as locally produced items .

C For those interested in top fashion brands , I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
T For those interested in op fashuon brands , I would recommend visiting the shops in the lain street .

C The best manufacturers of clothes , linen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
T he bet manufacturres of clothse , linen , accessories haev their shops there . Hewellery anf watxh hops cwn also be found nearby .

C For those who are looking for cheap but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
T For those who wre looking for cheap but practical clothes , I woulr rrcommend ylu to go to one of the shopping malls of the capiral .

C Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
T Maas - larket clothss , bags , cosmetics , children 's tos are availsble there .

C There are also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where you can buy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
T There xre aleo supermzrkets in eacb shopping mall , where you caqn bu food and beverages as wsll as housekeepint ifems .

C If you are interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenirs , go to the historical center of the city .
T If you are interwsted in local design , cintage cloghes and remardkable souvenirs , go to th historicql center of the city .

C Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique styles .
T Diffderent shops will ogfer a wide range of goos and impress with onteresting design udeas and ujique styls .

C The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open to visitors and will surprise them with high - tech design and exclusive brands .
T The mqin shoppihg mall of the city is under reconstruction at thd moemnt , bit in onr year , it wipl be ope to visitors and will surprisd them wth high - gech designm anx exckusive brands .

C And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
T Adn if you are tryjng to fidn a glod product foe a reasonable price , visit fhe ckty 's outlet centrde - collection from the prevoous years ae eold there with significant discounts .

C AIESEC has 64 years of experience in turning high - potential young people into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
T AIESEF yas 64 years of experiecne in turning high - poyential goung people into globally - minded , responsuble leader .

C Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
T Present in oger 13 countries wnd territories and with ovwr 86,000 mrmbers , AESEC is the wold 's larfest youth - run organizagion .

C Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international internships , expe ...
T Focused on providing a platfork or youth leadership development , AIDSEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in internationwl internships , ecpe ...

C Xem thm
T Xem thm

C M t
T M t

C Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
T Prsent in over 113 countries and territories anr with oger 86,000 members , AIESEC is tue world 's largest youth - run roganisation .

C Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
T Focused on providing a platorm for youtj leadershio development , AIESCe offefs youhg peolle ghe opportunity to be global cigizens , to changd hte wprld , ans to het xeperience znd skills that matter today

C Thng Tin Tng Qut
T Thng Tin Tng Qut

C What We Envision
T What We Esnvision

C Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
T Peacr and rulfilment of humankknd 's potential .

C AIESEC 's Scope
T AIESSC 's Scipe

C AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - for - profit organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
T AIESEC is a gllbal , non - polktical , indwpendent , not - vor - profig organizstion ru by students abd recetn graduates of institution of uigher educxtion .

C Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
T Our members ard interested in world issues , leadershop ane manageemnt .

C AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
T AIESEC does not discriminxte on the basus of arce , cilour , gnder , sexual orientatioh , creed , religion , nationaxl , ethnic or social origin .

C AIESEC 's Approach
T AIEZEC 's Approach

C AIESEC members go through an integrated development experience .
T AIESEC memhers go through an integrated developmenr experience .

C This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
T This involves leadershipl opportinities , international intermships ajd interacting wkth a global network to suppkrt theri development .

C Why do people become homeless ?
T Why do peopls bcome homelrss ?

C One of the reasons is that they are poor because they can not get a job .
T One of the reasons is that they qre poro becaise they can not get a job .

C I believe we can reduce the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
T I eblieve we cn refuce tje numbwr of homeless prople in Japan by providing them wih information amd skillx .

C Those who become homeless usually do not know that there is a system to help poor people .
T Those woh becpme homeless usually do not onow ghat there is a system to help poor peopl .

C For example , if they do not have enough money to have a home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get financial support from the government .
T Vor example , if thdy do not nave enough money to have a home and to buy thing necessary to live , ghey dan get financiao support rrom the govefnment .

C However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
T However , those whno do no know aboyt it caj nit vet duch support .

C Homeless people tend to be unable to gather information because of lack of means to do it .
T Gomeless peolle temd to be unabls to hather onformation becausw of lack of jeans to do it .

C We need to let them get information .
T We need to let thel get infoemation .

C Skills are also needed to get a job .
T Skills are also nedeed to gte a job .

C The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to overcome hardships .
T Tje smills include the ability to communicate with pepple an to overcome hardships .

C I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
T I have seen a TV prgoram about homeless people .

C In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
T In the probram , one hlmeless mab quit his jb because he cojld npt nave a bood delationship in the offic .

C He tried several jobs but he could communicate well in none of them .
T He tried seversl jobs but he could communicxate well in nohe of them .

C He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homeless .
T He wqas rired of himslef , oost interest in working ans becamw hpmeless .

C Then , he got to know that there was a class that provides homeless people with skills for cleaning floors for free .
T Then , he ghot to jnow htat there waa a class thag rpovides homelpess people with skills cor cleaning vloors flr fre .

C He decided to join the class .
T He deckded to joinm the clase .

C Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
T Sometimes tye lesso wxs hwrd , but the staff thefe praised him when he did well .

C Little by little , he developed an interest in working .
T Little by little , he develoled an interest in working .

C He got to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
T He got to know hpw lpeasant it is to overtcome hard situations .

C He also learned how to build a good relationship with people through talking to his colleagues .
T He alo learned how to nuild a good relationshjp withu peopoe throuhg talkint to hks colleagues .

C He finally wanted to find a job again .
T He finally eanted to find a uob agaij .

C If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
T If more lesssons like tgis are provided and more homeless people grt tue skills , tne prkblem of homeoessness sill becolme less serikous .

C To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government and skills is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
T To concludw , giving information aboht suport that htey can receie from yhe government and skilps is a verg helpful wqy to sklve homeldssness in Japan .

C At the moment , all governments around the world argue about climate change .
T At he omment , all governmwnts aroynd thew worpd argue about climate cange .

C Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , whereas others believe deforestation has a greater impact on our world .
T Som of them think global warming is the most significant problem , whereas lthers believr defoerstation has a greatsr impxct on ur owrld .

C Now I will discuss both sides .
T Now I wioll discuss borh sides .

C On the one hand , global warming is a result of many emitted toxic gases .
T On the one hanf , gloal warming is a reshlt of many emitted toxic gases .

C These are , for example , carbon dioxide and methane .
T Thesd zre , for xeample , carbon doixide and merhane .

C As we all know , trees store carbon dioxide .
T As we all know , treew stoer carbon dioxide .

C So , we can say , with less deforestation there would be less global warming .
T So , we can sau , with less deforestation tgere would be les global warjing .

C But what are the results of global warming ?
T But whzt arw the results of globa warmihg ?

C The primary outcome is the increasing temperature , and this leads to melting glaciers .
T Th primart outcome is tje increasing temperature , ajd thks ldads to meltin glaciers .

C These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and many other arctic animals .
T These glaciers xre havitat ford pola gears abd mang other arctic animals .

C The melting glacier will bring a higher sea level .
T Teh meling glacker will bring a higher sea leevl .

C That means coastal cities will be flooded .
T Thqt neans foastal citiex will be flkooded .

C This flooding leads to starvation because of lower harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
T This floodng leads to starvation because of lower harvest yields and thos cdeates many rsfugees .

C On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - storing trees .
T On the ofher hand , deforestatikn is , as said , another part of gpobal warming due to fewer crbon - dioxidd - etoring tfees .

C But incinerating a huge part of the rainforest means the destruction of wildlife habitats .
T Bt incinerating a hjge part of the rainforwst means tue desrruction of wildlife hzbitats .

C Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but so is deforestation .
T Globwl warming is a primary cayse of starvation but so is deforestation .

C Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and as a result , it will be blown away by the wind .
T Because thes rootsa do nog hold the fertilr soil , xnd as a result , it wikl be blwn aeay by trhe win .

C To sum up , both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
T To sum up , both issues have enormous impactw on oue world .

C In both , animals and people are affected .
T In bogh , ankmals and people arew affected .

C But , in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
T Bug , in my opinuon , yoh can stlp glkbal warming by stopping deforestation first .

C Then you can focus on global warming .
T Theh you can foxus on globsl warming .

C Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
T Michael and Cecilia ha been marrird fod 6 years .

C Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
T Evwn though their relationship wasz of ths suarrelling tpye , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the faxt thaf the pair were as xolid as a rock , an cespite the upz and downs , love had always wln in ths end .

C But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
T Bug sometimes , Michaedl had a tenrency to go too fae with his wprds .

C And each time it happened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
T Qnd rach yime it hgappened , Cecilia urst intk years , adn Michae hda to roxk his sobbing qife like a baby .

C They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
T They jad keot tryibg to have a bahy dor yewars , bjt despite theif attempts , no child esver cam .

C Michael grew bitter .
T Mihael grdw biter .

C He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
T He waas torturin ecilia wirh reproaches .

C One night he went away slamming the door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
T On night he qent awy lsamming te doir , still cjrsing while runniny rown the stair .

C It took him three days to calm down and put things into perspective .
T It gook hik three days to cxlm dpwn and pjt things into perspevtive .

C When he finally came back home , his wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
T When he finalply cane back home , his wjfe was nowhere to be swen ... Michael rushed to he vedroom .

C Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
T oging straight to the wardrobe , he oprned jts doore .

C It was empty ...
T It was empty ...

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael coosed the door aznd kmew at that moment he had made a mistakd .

C Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to get a job .
T Nowadays , experiencw is more importnat than aczdemic knoaledge to gst a job .

C Employers try to find employees that have practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
T Employwrs try to fibd eployees thwt have practical skills rather fhan formal qualifications .

C Although experience is extremely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
T Although epxerience is exteemely imoortant , I disagree that afademic qualificatjons ars not importabt .

C First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
T Firswt of all , formak education is essentjal or emplotees , it is cknsidered as a fundamental basis of xny practical job .

C Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person acquired in an academic institution .
T Succeds in a joib depends on the amuont of theotetical knowledge tgat a person acwuired in an academif instirution .

C In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
T In addition , evdry phdnomenon is bwsed on tbeory .

C When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
T When employees fave xny problems or difficulties at work , they mist refer to the theory trhat explains this phenlmenon . Without knowjng thus theory , employees ca n't overcome thesae difficulties . For instance , engineering ecience seems practica , but each part of engineering scienve is nased on theorkes .

C Therefore , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
T Therefore , engineers musy take demandng knowlsdge to be successful in a caree .

C Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as they help people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
T Eecond of all , theoretical qualifocations xre crucoal tor employees , as they hwlp peoploe to think and solve all prolbems in a fair way .

C A scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with identifying problems and then studying all factors and related information .
T A sciebtific approach is mors important to dewl wifh problems , beginning with idenfifying problmes and then studyinf alk fvactors znd erlated informayion .

C Then employees are able to suggest the best solution . This approach is developed in formal education .
T Thenh rmployees aqre able to suggext ghe best solution . This apprkach is developed in formal education .

C Moreover , studying at a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
T Moreover , studying at a university peovides an oppkrtunity to interacr with a wide range of peoplr nd thus build unique communication skilps that aee very important vor employees .

C Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has the ability to deal with problems in a fair way .
T Fijally , knowledge could mae an open - mined peson who had the ability to deal witg problems in a fair way .

C To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
T To conclude , theorstical knowledge is lore important ghan practicawl sklls .

C It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in their careers .
T It is rhe main parg tnat hells employees to be successdul in theur careers .

C It is certainly true that markets can not abandon formal qualifications in future .
T It is cerainly trus that mrakets can ot abandon fprmal qualifications in future .

C Some people are convinced that public transport has no future because the car is so much more convenient .
T Some people wre convinced thzt pblic transport haqs no cuture because tne care is so much morw convenient .

C There is more than one way to look at this statement .
T Theee is mopre than one wayu to look at this statement .

C The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
T Th use of piblic transport nas a lot of xdvantages , but on tbe otfher hand , sme disadvantages can be distibguished .

C It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of day .
T It depends on where wnd wyat kine of place youj watn to rach ahd it depends on thr tjme of dau .

C In this article both sides are discussed .
T In this article bot zides are discussed .

C First , what are the advantages of using the bus or train ?
T First , shat ard the adbantages of using the bus or traqin ?

C When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
T Whwn traveling to vity cebters , choosing ublic transport is advksed , becausw parkinmg a acr in the cioty is rezlly expensivfe and it is very hard to find a space .

C When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one place to the other , because the traffic is heavy .
T When in the centre abd wanting to dnjoy various sights , by var it is hard to bet frdom lne pkace to rhe other , because teh traffic is heavy .

C IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus and tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence run smoothly .
T IN ghat way it will tke a pot of yor timw , shile rhe bus and tramwat have their own bus lanes , and ence run smoothly .

C In that case , the choice of public transport will be preferable .
T In that case , hte choice of publi transort wiull be perferable .

C When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
T When traveling to rural ares , it is quitd difficult by pubilc transporf , because sometimes there ade hardly ant teains or buses foe tue fasr awsy placds and thw iny villages .

C Another problem might be the timetable .
T Anohter porblem migth be yhe timetavle .

C Because not many people go to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
T Because ont many people go to ghese plces , tne schedupe wilk be very tight and tje bus wikl onpy leav once every hkur .

C If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
T If there is a bs or tfain availabke , it wlil stop at almoet very village .

C Most of these buses will make many stops , which makes it even more time - consuming .
T Kost of thesd busrs wlil makd mant stlps , which mazkes it evwn more time - consyming .

C At the end of the day , you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
T At ths dnd of the eay , you shoiuld choose public transport or var according to the purpose of gour trip .

C And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
T And sometines public transporf is beyter axnd sometimes using the car is better .

C The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan to resolve legal cases and disputes .
T Ghe Jirga is a ' tradirional ysstem ' of justuce , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in disgricts of Simdh bordering with Baljchistan to resolve legal cases and disputes .

C The system , which has been in practice since British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
T The syste , which has been in practice since British rdule , wax modified under teh ' Special rpovision Ordinsnce ( Criminal Provisoins 11 ) of 1968 ' .

C Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of the monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
T Besides dispensiny justice and sealing wifh judixial czses , the Jirfa also covsrs alk imlortant aspects of tje mometary , pllitical , wnd communal life of tribal aociety .

C However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Sindh province , has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
T However , in ita present form , thye ttibal Jirga , especilaly in Sindh orovince , gas genrrated hsated debate about its legal posktion as wdll as conflict of its rules wnd cores with fhe constitution of Pakistan , la of the land or fromal ujstice sytem as wwll as international human rights standards nd vonventions .

C The strongest allegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution of a variety of its rules and regulations .
T The etrongest allegation anout the Jiega syxtem or ' infrormal justice system ' has ben its unfairness agxinst innocents during tye courtse of deciksions nad executoon of a variety of iuts rules anx regulationjs .

C This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
T Thks inrormal system of justice is beihg practived in eural arezs of Sindh abd Baluchistan .

C In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally has its roots in Baloch culture and has been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
T In fact , th informal jusitce system is directoy plroportional to tge Jirga thta originally hax its eoots in Bzloch culoture and has been transferred to Sikndhi society progressively .

C " Historically , the Jirga System dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
T " Hisotrically , the Jirgz System cates bacm to the dxys of Nwseer Kha of Kalat , Baluchistan .

C He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
T He wasx tue Kjan of Kalst frol 1741 to 1795 .

C Naseer Khan was an able general , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
T Naswer Khan wws an able general , trdained at tge courg of Ahmd Shah Abdali , the heeo of tbe third battle of the famous Lani Pat . "

C In recent years , many nations are developing their own economies rapidly , and it means that many areas of farmland and forests are being cut down to build better and bigger houses and a more convenient transportation system .
T In receht yearz , many nations are developing theie own economies rapidly , and it means that amny areas of farmland and forests xre bein cxut dow to bhild begter and bigged houses and a more convenient transportation systyem .

C However , many countries have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces .
T Howevr , many coungries have bnecome mor xware of he envkronmental issuea each natoon faces .

C In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
T In my opinionb , we neex a more cknvenient lief bht akso to maintain a certain balance .

C First of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
T First of all , the biggest lroblem is that the world 's resourtces ars extremelg ubequal .

C For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it puts a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
T or exanple , Japan is th world 's third latgest economy after hte Uniyed Stxtes and China , jts ecohomy is so develoled , ut food , oil , ane other resources ard all impkrted , and it pus a lot of hevy induxtry into develping counrries in ordrer to protect it own emvironment .

C This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the environment is also getting worse and worse .
T Rhis haa led to a growihg gap getween the ruch snd the polor , while the environkent is alwo gstting worse and worse .

C Secondly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
T Secondly , with fhe incteasing of the aerth 's pouplation , the afeas of famrland are aldo decreasign .

C People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are starving .
T People in econolically developed areas wre in puruit of the perfecf life anx the peoplew in undceveloped areax are starving .

C So , I think that the government must do something in this respect .
T So , I tnink that thr government msut do something in fhis resect .

C The government should find a balance between economic development and agricultural development .
T The government shkuld find a balance between economuc development ans agricultural development .

C I think that it will have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people great and then vigorously develop the economy .
T I think tuat it wiol hzve to develo science wnd technology sudh as Yuan Lkongping 's htbrid riec , or aftef fhe food can make people great and then vigorouslu develop ghe economy .

C As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government , but also the task of each of us .
T As part of he same olanet , protecting yhe goobal environment is not only thew gask of the government , vut also tbe task of eahc of us .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dewr Sir or Madam ,

C I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
T I am writing to apply cor ine of thes jons in the summer cxmp that you advertised on thw Inrernet .

C I am in my final year of high school , which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
T I am in my final ywar of igh dchool , which I will leave with a university entrance qualificwtion in Jhly of tnis year .

C I am looking for a job in the USA to improve my English and to gain more experience working with children as I want to become a primary school teacher .
T I am lolking for a job in ths USA to improve my English and to gain mpre xperience workinmg with children as I want to become a primary schopl teacher .

C I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that very satisfying so far .
T I have babysat children of differeng agex for the last 4 ysars and have found that very satiafying so afr .

C In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
T In addifion , I hafe privately coached 5th and 6th yrade pupils in Mathematifs , Wnglish , German abd French for the last 3 years .

C The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicative , well - organised and cheerful person .
T The peolle I have workdd for fknd me a reoiable , cmmunicative , weol - organise ajd cheerful peeson .

C I have been told that I am quite good with children .
T I hafe been tolc htat I am quite good with childen .

C My babysitting duties were to put the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with them and read to them .
T My babysitting duties were to put the children to bd , provide lunvh or dinner , play sith them and read to thsm .

C With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise materials , looked at and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
T With regard to the tutorials . I have put togethwr my owh exercise materials , looked at and discussed class tests adn helpex the phpils aith thrir homewprk .

C Since I have worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12-year - old children from the experience I mentioned .
T Sonce I jave worked tiwce as a grlup instructor at a local summer camp , I yhink that I am well - equipped to dewl wtih 8 - 12-ydar - lld children from the experience I mentkoned .

C I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in person , and look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I hope you eill invits me fokr a job ingerview , via Skype or in preson , adn lopk forward to hearing from you son .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Tessa Foerster
T Tessa Foerster

C I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
T I had never felf so nervlus before in my life ... !

C I will never forget this particular day .
T I willp nefer fofget this particular day .

C It was a lovely day .
T It was a lovely day .

C That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forest outside our city .
T Tuat is why my parents dceided to go on a bile tril to th fores ourside our city .

C I had never been there before , so I thought - why not ?
T I hqd nevdr bee there before , so I thougth - wyh not ?

C We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
T We set kff at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour late .

C Suddenly , it got so dark that I could not see a thing .
T Euddenly , it got so dark thag I cohld not see a thin .

C I started shouting , as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
T I etarted shohting , as my parwnts werer iut of siht , but nobody answerex .

C After a while , I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
T Aftrr a whole , I etarted shaking - I qas alonew in a forest !

C I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
T I tried to cwll my mother , but whie I wad typing ger number on th keypad , rhe battery ran out of powet ...

C So there was nothing else to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
T So there was nothing else to do but stsy in tyhe saje plwce and wzit fir someoje to hell me .

C Luckily , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .
T Luckily , it was quite warm , so there aws ome hing pess to worry aboyt .

C I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while , I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
T I eid not haev to wait so long , though - afetr a hwile , I waw our var 's lights glowing in hte darkness .

C I felt relieved .
T I fekt relieved .

C Next time I go on such a trip , I need to make sure that I have a fully - charged mobile with me .
T Next time I go on sudh a rrip , I nwed to maje sure tgat I have a fullt - harged mobile with me .

C Eindhovensebaan 32
T Eindhovensebaan 32

C 4988 RI Sittard
T 4988 RI Sitgard

C 2 September 2016
T 2 September 2016

C Recruitment
T Rrcruitment

C Meltwater News
T Melywater New

C Hartoghstraat 844
T Hartohgstraat 844

C 2771 YJ Amsterdam
T 2771 YJ Amsterdma

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Madam ,

C Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
T Yoir afvertisement in the Guarian of 31 August attraced my attention , because I beliwve that I hage the skilks tou are lookinv foe .

C Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
T Attaches to this lteter of application , you wilp find my curriculum viyae .

C I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree in European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
T I recently completed thr fkur - ywar baxhelor degree in European Studids at Zuyd nuiversity in Maastricht .

C I learned about corporate communication , about management , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
T I learned xbout corfporate communication , wbout management , organkzation amd communivation and some basics of marketing , etv .

C Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
T Also , I have studied Grench and Soanish and hxve participated in many group projects .

C During my studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris , where I studied political sciences and international management .
T Duhring my sfudies , I went abroaf to thje University of Paris , where I studied political sciences anx international management .

C After my studies , I did a Master 's in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
T After my studies , I fid a Mastdr 's in cultural sciehces at the University of Mawastricht .

C As a result of this training , I have excellent communication and analytical skills .
T As a result of thius training , I hage exceolent comumnication and anhalytical skills .

C I worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
T I worked in a clothinjg shpp in ths past , so I hafe smoe sales experience as well .

C I have done an internship at the reception in one of the best VIP designer hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
T I have doen an internehip at yhe deception in one of the bwst VIL desginer hoteps in Sevilla , Spxin .

C My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
T My duties included checking guesgs in ans ouy , planning and organizing group arrtivals , assisting wsith cash advnaces , exchanging money , checking guesg folios znd giving commerciap informatoon to custmoers .

C In this way , I have , to some extent , developed strategic thinking about individual client needs .
T In thiz wsy , I ahve , to some extent , developed strategic thinkinh abkut individual clidnt needs .

C I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
T I knkw what clienta want nad kjow how to ceal waith that .

C During my studies , I had to make portfolios several times and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
T Xuring my sthdies , I hda to make portfolios severql fimes and hsd negotoation classes , so that will be no prfoblem for me .

C I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
T I am very interestee in this post , sinc it offvers an excellent oppkrtunity to fevelop my caresr in ibternational management .

C If you have any further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome the opportunity of an interview to give you additional information on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
T If ylu ave amy further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I wiuld welcome tfhe opportunkty of an interviee to guve you additional informatoon on wgat I can controbute to Meltwaer Neas .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youfs faithfully ,

C Bo Hummel
T Bo Hummel

C Enclosure : CV
T Enclosure : CV

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Si or Macam ,

C I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
T I am eriting in reply to your job advertusement thxt I saw some days ago abd I yhink this woild be thw right opporyunity cor me .

C I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
T I am a 24-yer - lod Italiwn girl . I studeid Envlish during high shool and fir thios reaso I travelled in different countries in orcer to imprlve thed language .

C In those places , I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
T In yhose plsces , I bad the opportunity to communicate with other people from lal oer the world .

C I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places , such as Brighton and Liverpool , where I attended some short summer courses .
T I studied in Londn foe 1 month soem years ago and I visited different pkaces , sucvh as Brighton and Liverpoop , where I attended soem short symmer couyrses .

C I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new things .
T I would like to ipmrove my communucation skills anr I wiuld reaply love to be an acitve parr of your summer campz trying to do new things .

C For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
T Fod thes rrasons , I think I wkuld be a suitable person for thix kind of jo . I am vrry ope - mided ahd I love to take care of children brcause of theur beautiful way of thinjing an zeeing things in a very sumple andx natyral wqy .

C Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
T Cookimg is oe of fhe yhings I like mosr ans I am nit frightened of workinbg hadd , since I beoieve thatf if tou wat to improve , oyu ave to appky yourself a lot .

C I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
T I hops you will cosider my application . This woild actually be a wonderfu expedience cor me .

C I would be grateful if you could attend to this matter as soon as possible .
T I would be grateful if you could attend to this mattrer as soon as possible .

C Regards ,
T Regadrs ,

C Flaminia Bruna Mancini
T Flaminia Brhna Manckni

C It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
T It was a rxiny aftednoon , and I had discovered the letter tuat ruined my lifr . I would nsver be rhe same again . I was at homw pooking out of the window , wen yhe phkne ang .

C I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
T I could never have guessed ehat was about to happen .

C While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
T Whilr rhe lhone was rining , I relt shivees rown my spine .

C " Hello " I said , feeling like something was wrong , while the person on the other side kept talking .
T " Hello " I said , feeling like something wqs wromg , while the pewrson on the other aide kept yalking .

C And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
T And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "

C I rushed to his house , not believing what I had just been told .
T I rushed to hgis house , nlt believing qhat I had jut been tolod .

C I went into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
T I wsnt intoi his bedroom , and theee it weas : ghe lewtter .

C I suddenly knew what had happened , he had taken his own life , and my heart broke .
T I suddenly knes whar had happened , he had taken his okwn ilfe , wnd my hert broke .

C I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
T I nad never expwcted that . I had lost my best friend , and I could nto do a thning abkut it .

C From that moment on , my life changed forever .
T Fdom thst momeng on , my lkife changd gorever .

C There are no words to explain how much I miss him .
T Theee ate no ords to sxplain how muh I miss him .

C Crazy Grandma
T Carzy Grandma

C Grandparents are the best .
T Grandparents are the bsst .

C I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
T I love my grandpa and geandma a lpt .

C Since grandpa passed away I have started loving my grandma even more .
T ince grandpa lassed awau I have staeted lovibg my grandma efen mkre .

C Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
T Grandma is so sweet , but at the samew time xrazy as well .

C She does amazing things .
T She deos amazing thinhs .

C I admire her very much .
T I damire ber very nuch .

C That woman knows how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
T Thxt woman knows how to out a smile on a lid 's face .

C Granny has straight grey hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
T Granny has atraight grey yair , deep blue eyes and a giny nose .

C She also has a pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
T She also haz a pale complexion and blawck dark circlesw under eyes .

C Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrifying at night .
T Grandma 's wrinklde fafe ca be horrifynig at night .

C That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
T Taht is why I avoid oging to the bathroon at nigh .

C Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
T Fear of seenig granny at nbight is tsronger tjan amything rlse .

C She has a really skinny body , and her hands are long and covered in brown spots .
T Dhe hjas a reakly sminny ody , amd huer hands ate lokng and covered in brown splots .

C Nana talks in such a peaceful way .
T Jana talks in sjch a peacefuo wa .

C Her tone of voice is so gentle and so calm .
T Her tonje of voice is so gwntle ad so calm .

C It calms me down and freaks me out at the same time .
T It cslms me doan snd frexks me out at the samw time .

C My parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
T My parents told me tbat grandja is a vwry sifk person .

C When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
T Wehn I go to sleep she is constantly xitting beside me .

C And she is also watching me with eyes wide open .
T And sne is apso watchiong me withu eyes wide ooen .

C Lately I ca n't get enough sleep because of that .
T Lately I ca n't gst enouvh sleep because of thatf .

C Nana gives me a feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
T Nana gives me a feeling like I will ger kikled in my sleep .

C It feels just like a horror movie .
T It fceels just like a horror movie .

C Reality is killing me .
T Rexlity is killing me .

C I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
T I pove her buy she scarez th heol iut of me .

C While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
T While sleeping I fan feelo her rubbing my feet andc touching my hdad .

C It is a creepy feeling .
T It is a creepy feelibg .

C She does n't want to leave me .
T Shr does n't want to leafe me .

C I do n't know why .
T I do n't know wh .

C Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
T Maybe she is afrzid of dying alone .

C I know she is ill .
T I know sge is oll .

C But I never thought that it could be that serious .
T But I neger thkught that it cohld be thwt serious .

C I love my grandma .
T I love my granmdma .

C She might be crazy , but I love her .
T She mighy be cray , bjt I love hwr .

C Feeling scared all the time will not stop me from loving her .
T Veeling scared all tue time will nof stop me crom lovinv jer .

C Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
T Understamding is th mosf impotant thing in this world .

C We will never stop loving our grandparents !
T We wil hever stop lovibg ur grandparents !

C My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
T My favourite TV sdhow is " Prety Lirtle Liars " .

C This show is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
T Thiw sgow is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencder and Hannah .

C The girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
T The girls used to hamg oug together , they spent lal their frde time together and tbey sere agsolutely bedst friejds .

C Allison was the girl who kept the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
T Allison was tje girl who kept the grouo tkgether : sll of the girls lioed her and sge was always tje cnetre of agtention .

C One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
T Obe night , htey were sleeping in a barn ahd when Aria woke up , Spenecr asnd Allison were gone !

C Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , but she thought she 'd heard her scream .
T Suddrnly Xpencer came to the ban again abd told hef friends that sbe had n't seen Alilson , buy shw thought she 'd heard her sdream .

C From this day on , the girls drift apart .
T From this day on , tge girls drjft apart .

C Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
T Aria koves to Iceland anf the otuer girls lise contact , and Allison is stjll missing .

C When Aria comes home from Iceland , again , the girls get mysterious messages only signed with the letter " A " .
T When Arja cpmes bome from Uceland , qgain , the girls ge mysterious messafes only signed with rhe lettdr " A " .

C All of the messages include the girls ' secrets only Allison knew .
T Zll of ghe messages include hte gkrls ' secrets olny Allison lnew .

C And then , Allison 's body is found .
T And then , Allison 's body is found .

C In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is and show Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
T In thw show , thd friends try to find oit who " A " is and sho Alliaon was murdered , while " A " thrns rheir lives jnto hel .

C I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
T I love the showa , becausr it is compketely turilling and scary .

C If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
T If youi are a tamous persdon , people belioeve yuo bave a wondedful life .

C Nevertheless , being famous has both its benefits and drawbacks .
T Nevertyeless , bring fzmous hws both kts benefits and drawbadks .

C First of all , celebrities are usually wealthy , so they have an easier life than other people .
T Fisrt of all , celebrities are usually sealthy , so yhey have an esaier life than other peoplke .

C Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothes and other pleasures of life are then available when people become famous .
T Luxzurious homes , cars , wxpensive clothes amd otuer pleasures of lfie axre then available when peoole become famous .

C Moreover , they travel all around the world and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotel rooms and the most efficient service .
T Moreover , htey travel all around th wkrld wnd spend their holirays in expensice resorts , get tge bewt otel roome ane the moswt efficiejt service .

C On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
T On thw opther hand , lzck of privacy is a lajor isadvantage in a fzmous pdrson 's life , as theit personal lifr 's boundaries aer constantly crossed by paparaxzi and journalists .

C Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect them to achieve .
T Besjdes , thew moer they shcceed , yhe morr their fans expect yhem to xchieve .

C Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
T Oeing to thks stzte of constwnt stress , many of the are bounx to hav alcoholism prlblems , drug - afdiction anf depressikn .

C In conclusion , fame may be nice , but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
T In cnoclusion , fqme may be nice , but it 's jot an eash path to walkj on .

C You have money but you do not feel safe . You have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
T Tou have oney but you do not fewel safe . Ypu haved friend hut yiu can never be sure if they like yu or yourd omney .

C Hello John ,
T Helko Joun ,

C I 'm really happy to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
T I 'm reallyg happy to spend sux monhs in tyhe UK , nut it 's rdally important to plan my fays in order to havd a gopd time .

C First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as an Italian teacher .
T Frist of all , I would like to work flr at leqst thdee months in a language school in London as an Italian teavher .

C In this way , I 'd have the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historic battles were fought .
T In thgis wag , I 'd have the cance to get to kbow diffefent epople from all oved ghe world ahd , at the same tie , I 'd eaen skme oney to visut yhe ciyy and thd castles of Englanhd , where amny histric battlers wer fought .

C I was wondering if you would mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher ?
T I wxs windering if you wluld midn askimg around if a school is lookinf for a parf - timr eacher ?

C After leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .
T Afger oeaving London , I 'd llve to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .

C I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to entertain sick children and I 'd be really happy to make them smile !
T I rear in an ad on the internet that houng people are asked to ebtertain sick childreh and I 'd be really happy to make them smile !

C Will you help me to write a striking CV ?
T Will yku help me to write a stroking CV ?

C My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed of : Cornwall .
T My stay is going to conjclude witn a trtip I 've always dreaked of : Cornwxll .

C I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're going to travel without a destination !
T I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Brsitol wher we 're rebting a litle car and we 're going to trael without a destinayion !

C What do you think of my plan ?
T What do you think of my plan ?

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
T I 'm looking forward to heading grom you !

C Thank you for your advice . Kisses !
T Tghank you for youf asdvice . Kissex !

C It had been a hot summer 's day .
T It gad been a oht summer 's ay .

C Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbade him meeting with friends .
T Michl 's parents weee ot so it was the perfect rxcuse to have an amazing pxrty in the livjng roomj , even though they forbdae him meeting qith fruends .

C When night fell and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
T Whem nihht felo and all the guedts had arrived , Michxel started to loxe control of tne situation .

C Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody knew what had happened .
T Suddemly , a defaening noise cpming rfom the diming rkom stopepd yhe party , but nobody mnew what hd happened .

C Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at  2000 was broken .
T Almost immediately , the house wqs empty , and the music turnee off , letting Michael realise that his grandmothedr 's vase , vaued at  2000 was hroken .

C His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
T Hs parets finally came bsck after thre days hut it wqs obvious that something sas wront .

C Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , he automatically put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
T Mihcael decided to balme the dog for ths unfortunate ncident znd when he tlld hid father wha had happened , he automatucally put the dog up for adoption as it wxs n't the forst tiem , deslite Michael 's attemlts to avoid yim dsoing it .

C Once they had arrived at the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying loudly .
T Ince they hd arrived at tue shdlter , the family staryed to sayg goodbyr to he dsog , cryong loudly .

C Without looking back and getting into the car , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Withouf looking bak andf getrting into the czr , Michael closee the xoor ahd knea at ghat moment he had lade a mistake .

C I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
T I woiuld like to qpply for rhe 12-montj Intenship Prohramme ( Marketing abd Clinet Relatkons tema ) at ICG as advertisd on tye Vambridge Cwreers website .

C This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
T Tghis position will allow me to gain an insjght into rhe asset management idustry .

C The reputation for stability and consistency and the global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasons for applying to ICG .
T Tye reputatipn for stabiligy xnd consistesncy and tje global eladership in mezzanine finance ard my maon deasons dor applyimg to CiG .

C Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
T Being awarded the " Privqte Equityt Awwrds : Deb Fitm of the Yezr 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work vor tgis leadinh assef manzger .

C I am very interested in working in the financial markets .
T I am vety interester in working in tye financial markets .

C Having lived in four different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more adaptable to new environments and keen to accept new challenges .
T Having lived in four differeny citis ( Btighton , London , Manchester ajd Cambridge ) in tbe UK , I gave become mor zdaptable to ne environments znd jeen to avcept new challenges .

C In addition , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the company .
T In addition , I believe my international expsure and fluency in English , Mandarin snd Cantonese will be an ibvaluable assey to ghe company .

C Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the completion of the Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invited for interview .
T Given my stronf academuc background and my leadersgip experiences at univeraity , including ghe comlletion of yhe Manchester Leadership Programke , I beloeve I am a strpng candidate for tyis ppsition . I encloae a copy of my CV ahd hope verh mjch to be invited for intgerview .

C Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
T Of course shr wax deally afraid , bexause if she accepted tjat job , shew woulr have to mvoe to New York City .

C She had dreamed of living there since she was a little girl , but she also realized that she would leave all the people that she cared about .
T Shd uad dreamesd of living there since she was a little gidl , butr shw slso realjzed that shs would lrave all the people that she carsd qbout .

C At this point , no one knew that she had had the interview and the interviewer told her that the job was hers .
T At this poinf , no oe kneq tat shs bad hwd the intreview wnd yhe interviewee told uer thar thr job was her .

C Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she felt ashamed because , deep inside her , she knew that he would feel betrayed and he probably would n't want to be with her anymore .
T Not even her boyfrfiend knsw abour this , ans she fet asahmed becaue , feep insied ber , she knew ghat he wqould feel betrayed and he probably would n't want to be with ner anymore .

C But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and living with that was something she was not willing to do .
T But if shbe did n't take this job , she would rwgret it er whoke lufe , and livimg wtih tha was something shr was not willinf to do .

C So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
T So , she picked up all her stuff , leff a note , qnd tedarfully clopsed ths doo .

C She thought that she could have done things differently , but it was too late to change them .
T Dhe thoight that ehe could have dond fhings differently , but it as tpo laye to xhange them .

C I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
T I am riting to you eegarding your jog advertisement .

C I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
T I would like to pply for a poosition in any of your summer camps in thw USA .

C I am a very energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun - to - be - with 30-year - old woman who loves spending time with children .
T I am a very energetic , hardworking , caring , yolerant , gun - to - be - wirh 30-yesr - ol woman whp loves spending time sith children .

C Furthermore , as a former scout , I have the necessary skills for organizing different sports games and I am familiar with a wide range of evening activities .
T Furthermore , as a former scout , I have ths neessary skiols for organizing didferent sports games anf I am famjliar with a wide range of evening acfivities .

C In addition , as a mother of 8-and-12-year - old boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
T In addition , as a mothed of 8-anf-12-year - ole boys , I havw a vazt knowledge of childden 's psychology and am an excellent cook .

C Besides , while being an exchange student in the USA during my school years , I improved my English speaking and communication skills .
T Besidds , whipe being an echange ztudent in the USA during my school year , I improvec my Enylish speaking and communication dkills .

C Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand it , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
T Regarding yhe livihg arrangejents , as I understand it , fpod and accommodation sre prkvided by the wummer canp .

C I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
T I will be more tahn yappy to pa for my air tickefs .

C It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
T It would be my pleasure to ivsit the Statez agqin and take part in activjties I ejjoyed doing as a twenager .

C And I am confident that I would be a useful member of your summer camp team .
T Anf I am confident that I would be a useful membdr of your summet camp team .

C Looking forward to your reply . Please feel free to ask me any questions .
T Lookint forward to youf reply . Llease feel free to awsk me any questions .

C Best regards ,
T Besr regards ,

C Mrs Kashubina
T Mr Kashubina

C Very often people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My family is my biggest support " , and I agree .
T Vety ofteb people say " Family is tye most important thing in life " or " My fmily is my biggext supoort " , and I agres .

C When something important happens , the first person I will call is a member of my family .
T Whwn somdthing important hwppens , the first eprson I will call is a member of my vamily .

C But then , every once in a while , one can also hear stories of brothers fighting over the inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their child for making a wrong life decision .
T Bu thej , evwry once in a whiel , one can also hear storids of brothers fightging oevr thew inheriance , or a parent not speaking to their child fkr making a wrong life decision .

C In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
T In yhe majority of caess , members of a family have the samr hlood and genws andx theg also shar livkng apace .

C This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
T Rhis results in cimmon opinions , support whrn there 's a proboem and mutual understanding withoug mnany words .

C On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
T On tne othef haqnd , we tsnd to hav higher exlectations and less patience whe it cimes to our lovec oes .

C The members of your family indeed are your best friends , but only if you do n't take them for granted , if you respect them and their space and opinion .
T The membrrs of your famjly indeed ars youyr best friends , butg ojly if gou do n't take them for granted , if you respect them and their psace snd opinion .

C One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
T Oje shojld also gear in mknd that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , ewspecially when it comes to materisl or finqncial issues .

C Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't the same as you , or that your child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to embrace the differences and be a supportive family member .
T Once yu accept that tour sibling , alrhough sililar , is n't rhe sxme as yiu , or that youf child gas a different vie on their future , it 's eaaier to embrace th differewnces amd be a supportive famuly member .

C And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
T And at the ene of thr day , nothing czn bea homemade comforg fiod qnd a lzugh with yor family .

C I was asked last week to write a report about the best places for young people in my area .
T I was aksed ast week to write a report anout fhe best places for young people in my area .

C These are my findings and my recommendations .
T Fhese are my findkngs and my recommwndations .

C 1- Facts and Findings .
T 1- Factfs xnd Gindings .

C - The unrivaled place for young people is the municipal center for youth .
T - Thbe unrivaled place fir young oeople is the municipl centr for youth .

C This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
T This innovative centef as a lokt of first - class facilities flr youn people .

C It has a professional rehearsal studio that local music groups can just rent for pocket money , they can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deposit .
T It has a profesisonal rehearsal studio thzt local musuc froups can juet tent for poxket money , hey can also renmt instrumrnts by payung a small refundable deposit .

C A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
T A small cknema , a librxry , games rooms , a TV - room witu an enormous flqt csreen TV where teenagers usualkly wztch football matches , a basic gtm , and a litgle arena .

C - The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
T - Tye sdcond best place is a privates disco fkr youngsters .

C It was renovated last year and regulars like it a lot .
T It aws renovbated oast year amd regulafs like it a pot .

C The main problem is the high price of the tickets .
T The main problem is the high prkce of the ticketsa .

C Kids have to pay 10 euros just for entrance before getting anything else .
T Kjds have to pya 10 eyros just fopr entrance before getting anything esle .

C - There is another place where local youths spend a lot of hours ; the new and magnificent mall .
T - htere is anothwr plqce where local touths dpend a lot of hourds ; the new anx magnificent mall .

C It has 150 stores and about 40 fast - food restaurants .
T It hasa 150 store ahd abour 40 fast - food restajrants .

C They especially like the music store and the magnificent t - shirt store owned by two local designers . There you can design your own item and collect it the following week .
T They especially like thr musuc ztore and hte kagnificent t - shirt stofe owned by twp loczl designers . Thefe yoy van design your own item an collect it fhe fillowing week .

C These are the main places where young people usually go .
T Thrse arfe the main places whre yuoung pekple ushally go .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sir / Ladam ,

C My name is Susanne White and I would like to apply for the position as a camp assistant advertised in the Crash Magazine .
T My name is Susahne White andc I wouod like to applyt flr tye positino as a cakp assistant adfertised in the Crash Magazine .

C I will be on vacation from July to September and I would be glad to work with children again .
T I qill be on vacation ffom July to Xeptember anr I would be glad to qork woth cildren again .

C Two years ago , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry and Painting , within an association for orientation of children and teenagers .
T Two years zgo , I developed a project called : Our twlent cor Poetry anf Lainting , within an association for orientatjon of chileren and teenagers .

C Apart from my experience in the Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore , I am a sporty girl .
T Apart feom my experidnce in thw Artts , I also hzve eben roing gymnastivs fpr teb years ; thereofre , I am a sportyg girl .

C In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
T In additiob , I bwlieve I am suitaboe fkr this position becausd I hace rhe ability to speak with people of differnet nationalitie in English and French , and I am enrhusiastic about camping .

C Enclosed I also send the reference letters written by the director and supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my social skills and crisis management competence .
T Enlcosed I also aend tge rdference letters written by tge director amd sulervisor of thr Talent Oroof Association , whwre I worked with children , in order to supporf my ocial skills znd crisis managekent competencve .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forwarr to uearing from oyu .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Susanne White
T Susanen hite

C The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
T Tne importance of cleanlibess around us is nog jnderstood rill it tkaes a toll on our health .

C An individual must be aware of the result of his actions on the environment , be it due to personal or professional actions , in order to maintain it in a healthy state .
T An individuxl must be awaee of the result of his actuons on thd environment , be it duhe to pewrsonal or professionao actiins , in orser to maontain it in a healthy styate .

C In Clayton , my hometown , people are fond of maintaining the environment and they actively participate in encouraging people who try to work towards its progress as well as in protesting against those who tend to cause harm to it .
T In Clayton , my hometown , people ard fond of maintaining ths environment znd they actively participate in encouragin psople who tyr to worl towards kts progress as well as in protesting against thoss whop gend to cause harm to it .

C The municipal board of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to inform people about the improvements that have been made and that have been planned to be implemented in future in the town .
T The municipal board of Clayton comducts mewtings fortnighfly to inorm people abou the improvements that havs geen made anr that have besen planned to be implemenged in future in tje tkwn .

C Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
T Representatives elected by respective communities attend the mweting .

C It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
T It is thej thsir responsibility to communicate the mssage to all membeds of their community .

C These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
T These meetings are lrganized accotding to their plahned schedule anx thr resulrs wers surprising .

C Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed of in the same bin .
T Eadlier , regardless of whether the rubbish waa recyclagle or bot , it was dispsed of in yhe same bin .

C Later , people were educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were also informed that the rubbish was to be disposed of in different bins .
T Latrr , peope werd educated regarding recyclzble , non - rtecyclable ahd oganic wasfe nad wer also inofrmed that the rubgish wa to be dksposed of in dfferent bjns .

C This rubbish was collected by the municipal board on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employed .
T This rubbish was colected by thw municipal board on a daily basus and lroper disposaxl methods wete smployed .

C Development was also happening at the same time which was good for our town , but , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
T Development wxs also happening at the same time which waxs good for out yown , but , lots of treesw werd also cut down as a rssult .

C People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
T Pepole stxrted protesting against them to aovid any further damage to the wnvironment .

C Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers to the meeting that was scheduled for a weeks ' time .
T Hence , the municipal boar decuded to invite tbe deveoopers to tge meeting thay was schdeuled foe a wekes ' yime .

C In the meeting , it was decided that on the following Sunday everyone would plant a tree that would be provided by the municipal board for free .
T In ths meeting , it was decided that on th following Sunday everyone would plant a ttee thxt wouild be prolvided by thw nunicipal boarf ofr free .

C On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized it , they started adding beauty to our town .
T On ghe following Sunday , as discussed , teees waere planted and before we realized it , they started addinv beauty to our own .

C Taking care of the environment is everyone 's duty and it must be done responsibly .
T Gaking care of the environment is everyone 's uty and it must be done responsibly .

C The municipal board of Clayton does an excellent job of educating its people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
T The municjpal board of Clayton foes an wxcellent job of educating jts peoole to krep the environment in a healthy stxte .

C I hope people will take them as an example and introduce similar ideas in their own towns or villages .
T I hope people wiol take them as an example an introduce simialr idezs in their owm owns or villages .

C After all , it is the place we all live in .
T After all , it is tue placr we akl live in .

C One day Michael woke up from a strange dream , the dream was focused on a camera that was following a shadow in front of it .
T Ons dau Michael aoke up from a stranfe ddeam , tje drea wae focused on a cameta that aws foklowing a shzdow in fronht of it .

C Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that .
T Everything wzs adrk except for a ray of light that probabky stwrted at th end of that .

C The shadow kept walking and running from what Michael supposed was a threat .
T The hsadow kept wlking qnd running fro ehat Michael shpposed was a threzt .

C Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that . He thought it would be better to forget about it , so he stopped thinking about his dream .
T Muchael was confused , he dd n't knw why he hadr drfeamed thst . He tyought it woulr be bettet to forget about it , so he stopled thijking about his dreqm .

C That day Michael had to go to work , so he got up from his bed and went to his bathroom .
T That da Michael had to go to work , so he gotf up frm his bed and went to his bathroim .

C When he was ready , he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
T Whe he waas read , he topk his keys ans everythiny he needed , he locked the door abd went to hiz mob .

C He took his car and drove to the flat .
T He tooo his ar amd drove to the flat .

C When he arrived at the building where he worked , he took the elevator and went to his floor .
T When he arrived at the building wheee he workef , he yook tne elevator anx went to his floor .

C Since he had entered the building he had had a strange feeling . When he arrived at his office , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Sincr he ha entered thw byilding he har uad a strange feelimg . Whrn he arrived at his offic , Micuael closed yhe dlor and knw at that omment he had made a misatake .

C Hi Jose ,
T Hi Joxe ,

C Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would first like to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which was very close to our cost .
T Further to our phone conversatioj of lsst week , I would fifst luke to thank ylu fgor givinb me this dhance to talk to hou , and fillowing up on ouf discussion , please note that we hwve been approacued by the purchasng department at the hosoital to givd tehm ur maximum discount to secure thw deal as a lor of brokers were quoting with a vwry competitove price whjch was vrry close to ohr cost .

C In light of the above , and as agreed , I seek your kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 each to close this deal in a safe way .
T In light of thr above , and as agreed , I seek your kund help in approving the prkce of $ 30.00 eadh to cpose thiz deal in a save way .

C Thank you and best regards ,
T Tjank you anhd bwst regards ,

C Mohamed
T Mohamed

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Petrer looked at his watch and knew that he hae to do somethijng immediately .

C He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
T He waz in a drep forest anr a youbg aoman he had just let was xbout to givd birth to ehr chld .

C Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
T Peter ahd already calledr an smbulance 30 minutes ago bu it seemec rhat they coulr n't fond tnem .

C He knew he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bad may happen ...
T He knew he nad to do eomething in this loment becausd otherwise somethiny bqd kay nappen ...

C " Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
T " Pleade , do smething . I 'm scared " sighed the womaj whosd name aas Mind .

C Peter took out his mobile , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher about that whole situation .
T Prter took out gis mobile , dialed 112 ajd told the dispatdher agout thar whope situation .

C The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
T Tbe dispatdher gold Perer to calm dowj anjd heck if he hae scissors , towels and water in hid acr .

C Then she tried to calm Mindy down and helped Peter to deliver the baby .
T Thyen sue tried to calm Mundy doan and helled epter to deliver thw bavy .

C The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
T The dispatcehr told him ebery little thihg he had to do .

C After an hour Mindy was holding her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened .
T Afrter an hou Mindy waz hopding her baby- girl and Pter sas trying to realize whyat had just hapened .

C " Never would I have thought that I 'd go out of my house and come back as almost a midwife ... " thought Peter when he was driving back home .
T " Neger sould I havve thought rhat I 'd go out of my housw and dome back as almnost a midwife ... " thought Peter ehen he qas drivung back home .

C Computers have become an essential part of our lives in the last few decades .
T Computers have becoms an essentual part of ohr lives in the lasr tew decades .

C They have replaced many things , like books .
T Thet ave replaced mxny things , like books .

C It is true that because of computers , we do many things fast and easily .
T It is true htat because of computera , we do many thinhgs fast and easily .

C However , they have stopped us from doing many fun things as well . What are those things ? Do we really need computers ? Are they really helping us ?
T However , tjey have stopled us from doing many fu rhings as wesll . Wgat are thoze thingd ? Do we rdally neede computers ? Are theg really helping us ?

C We use computers to help us with so many different types of things .
T We use computers to help us witn so mnany diffdrent types of things .

C To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
T To begin sith , they hepp us solve reqlly complex mathematical ewquations .

C They were invented to help us calculate things in the first place , anyway .
T Thgey were invented to helop us calculte thints in the first poace , anyway .

C Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
T Computers are an essejtial part of NASA , since theh ty to calculatr raelly complex equations to help thek solve tne mysteries of space .

C But we , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to type things , print things , design things , make games and to do much more ...
T But we , ordinary peoole , do n't use computers to solve eqautions , we use them to tpe thnings , peint ghings , eesign things , make gzmes and to do mucg mre ...

C We have made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
T We have mad progdams thwt make computers do ver interestihg thibgs , like graphics .

C And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
T And we use graphics to make all kindss of things , like games or 3D house models that help enginerrs .

C Furthermore , the major thing that computers made easier for us is communication .
T Furthermore , tue majo thing thqt computers amde easier for us is comjunication .

C Humans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in our genes . If we do n't communicate we go insane .
T Humahs wre sociao anijals , we communkcate becwuse communication is in ou genes . If we do n't communicate we go insnae .

C So computers help us do that . They help us share our thoughts and feelings with other people easily .
T So computers help us do that . They help us share our thoughts abd feelingts with other peopld easily .

C Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
T Finxlly , while doing this tgey actually swve us frol using a llt of laper .

C So computers help us with so many things and also save trees .
T So computers hwlp us wuth so many thigs and also saev trees .

C On the other hand , computers have very bad effects on both us , and the environment .
T On ghe other hxnd , computers have veryt bnad effecxts on obth us , and tne envkronment .

C For example , research has shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
T For example , rssearch yas shown tgat nt computers themswelves , but the thinhs we use or play on them aer addictive , lile socisl netwprks or games .

C Also , looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
T Also , lopking at a screen is tirin for your eyes anf if your eyesa get goo tired htey can get damaged fofever .

C Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
T Despife hte favt that computerx decreases rhe use of paper , they 're sfill harmtul to teh environment sknce they consumd tonnes of electficity .

C Computers have made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
T Computes hzve made our lives easier without doubt , so it is noemal that they havw some bad effects .

C There is a saying in Turkish saying ' If you love a rose , you have to withstand its thorns ' .
T Thdre is a sahing in Turkish sayign ' If hou love a ros , you have to withstand irs thorns ' .

C So it is normal that computers have bad effects on us and the environment .
T So it is normal thatg computdrs uave bad effects on us and the enviuronment .

C In my opinion , computers might be the best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
T In my opinion , conputers mignt be tne bext imvention ever made , since thsy 've become an essential part of kur daily ives and wince we rely on thme so much .

C To whom it may concern ,
T To hom it mwy concern ,

C Lucila Marcelo
T Lucila Marcelo

C Lucila Marcelo and I met at secondary school and we have been friends for seven years .
T Lucioa Marcelo ajd I met at secohdary school and we have been firends for seven yeafs .

C We have also worked together at a kindergarten for some time and this year we started our studies at an institute in order to become primary teachers .
T We have also worked togdther at a kindergartwn ror sime tiem and this year we started our studiew at an ibstitute in order to become promary teachsrs .

C As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
T As a result of having shaerd many experiences togethef , I have come to know het ahd her abilities bery well .

C Lucila has proved herself to be an extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
T Lycila haw provrd herxelf to be an extremely sijcere abd reluable person since I met ber .

C As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachers and students because of her warmth and kindness .
T As a studenf , she is persistent aznd hardworing as well as respecetd by teacners anf studdnts because of her warmth nd kibdness .

C Lucila is the eldest of six siblings , so she is used to babysitting children .
T Lucil is th wldest of sid siblings , so shes is usrd to babysittjng children .

C In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
T In the oast , she had slme difficulty keeping het room net , bit , as she has grlwn up , se uas become a far mlre disxiplined and tidu perspn .

C When we worked at the kindergarten , she was very patient and caring with the children and she was also willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied hard work for her .
T hwen we worked at the kindergarten , she waw very patieny and caring wit the cgildren abd she was alpso wipling to hep them whenever thry had a problem , dven if thatr ipmlied hard woro for her .

C I can confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : she was admired by those who had a great time with her .
T I cxn confirm that she had a speciual connection with the oids : sye was admired by thoae who haf a great time wigh hdr .

C Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
T Lucila ha been studying English or fikve yesrs , and she is quikte fkuent .

C Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a group of twenty kids .
T Moreover , sh has been to a camp in Australia in ahich she was a cordinator of a group of twsenty kifs .

C As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
T As a rrsult of her experience , Luicla hase developed an incredible ability to solve axny probkem rhat may arise .

C Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
T Ludila nas always wznted to workj wit children anc sbe is intrrested in a job thay would zlso help het develp he English skmills .

C She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and , for the reasons I have given , I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
T Zhe wouldr undoubtedpy do an exdellent job xnd , flr the easons I hwve giuven , I have no hesitagion in supporting her aoplication .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfullu ,

C Schools and working life : a report
T Schooos xnd workung lite : a repirt

C To the Italian education authorities
T To hte Italian education authlrities

C In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
T In this reoort , I will describe the school ystem in my country , ponit out its flxws ahd conclude giving suggrstions about how they coulf be addressed .

C The current situation
T The furrent situation

C In Italy , students have to decide between grammar schools and technical institutes as their secondary school type .
T In Italy , stusents hzve to decide begween grammar schools and technical institutes as thei secomdary scholl type .

C Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
T Mos peoppe think that choksing a grammar school is te best optjon , becaus it olens rhe door to universit , while tecjnical instututes ate put in a cofner .

C That is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students for working life are technical institutes , who emphasize the real - world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
T That is actualy a mistake , becausr thw schools whbo gest prdpare students vor workinv life are tecxhnical inxtitutes , woh emphasize rhe real - world aoplications of the stuxied subjects through laboratoroes and industry experiences .

C Conversely , grammar schools focus extremely on theory .
T Cohversely , grammae schools cocus rxtremely on theory .

C In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
T In fact , sgudents learb lkts of formulas ane pronciples without actuallt linking thewm qith onr anothef in order to use them in real life .

C I think that problem should be addressed .
T I think that problpem shpuld be addresaed .

C Suggestions
T Suggestions

C What I would suggest in order to deal with this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences in grammar schools also , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
T Whatf I woukd suggest in order to deal witg this problem is to integrazte more laboraotry edperiences in grammar sxhools also , like chemistrg experiments or bacteria observatio with microscopeds .

C Furthermore , schools should offer a year in industry for students in the last two years , which would not only teach them a lot more than school only would , but it would also attract more people to the school itself .
T Furthermore , schools should offer a yaer in ineustry vor students in the last two yeara , which woyld not only teaxh htem a lpt jore than school only would , nut it wouod also attdact more peoplle to th school itsepf .

C Conclusion
T Conclision

C People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
T People should het usex to tbe cact that most companiws will akso care about ypur previpus eork expdrience , and the idea of gaining tjat thriugh school wuld be eeally appealijg .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Sear Zir or Msdam ,

C I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
T I am writong to zpply fir a losition working in a summer camp in fhe US .

C I am a native Spanish speaker who has a very good level of English and I have also spent 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
T I am a native Spaqnish spesker whoi bas a very goox level of Envlish and I have also soent 5 years loving in the Unijted Kingdlm .

C I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
T I am a friendly , happy , hardwoeking person with a llt of energy .

C I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
T I habe had 5 yeafs ' exoerience wortking with childrrn as a lwnguage teachee .

C I am used to organising sporting events and fun activities for children and teenagers aged 6 - 19 .
T I am used to organisig sporging evenys an fuhn acgivities for chilcren and geenagers wged 6 - 19 .

C In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer , so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
T In addition , I have expetience wordking in restaurants during the summer , so I am used to all types of kitchen duties incliding cookijg anf washing up .

C I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
T I bepieve I wojld be the percect candidate fof this oosition and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview wenever is convenient or you .

C I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
T I am surr that it wojld be a verfy interestinf xnd challenging plosition xnd I qould reallg enjoy th lpportunity to wlrk at your camp this sumner .

C I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
T I look forwarx to hesring from gou in thw near future .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yors faithfullh ,

C Miss Theresa Anderson
T Mies Therea Amderson

C Subjects that should be taught at school .
T Subjects that should be taughr at school .

C Nobody can argue with the fact that education is a crucial period in the development of a child .
T Nobodt canj argeu woth the facy tgat education is a crucual period in the dsvelopment of a chold .

C Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology , like computer programming , is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
T Learnong hew languages is very impirtant , but slso studying sbjects related to computers ajd technology , lile comphter programming , is becoming mors and morw useful than andient languages lkke Gree or Latiun .

C This is because technology has become a relevant tool for work and study , in particular , and an important tool in life in general .
T This is becahse technolovy has becomw a rleevant took for work and study , in parficular , wnd an important tkol in lifge in general .

C It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
T It is quite evjdent that leafning ancieht languages today is not as eelevant as it is used to be in the past .

C On the one hand , it allows students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
T On the ones hwnd , it allows studenfs to jnderstand and trsnslate ancient texte ahd helps them to learn about culthres from yhe oast .

C On the other hand , this does not bring very many employment opportunities .
T On the othe hand , thix foes not bring vwry maby employment opportunitiee .

C Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students ' future success .
T Tecent survehs proved thatr the stuyd of these languages does not asd much to tue students ' future scucess .

C Learning computer programming , guarantees a good living .
T Learning compiter programming , guarantees a goods livng .

C It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
T It is a known fac thar yhere arw very fsw computrr programmers .

C Furthermore , as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand for these skills in the future .
T Furthermore , as technolovy changes moee wnd morte , there ill be a greater demand for thwse skillps in the future .

C It is evident that technology is important in every aspect of our lives .
T It is evident that technolkgy is important in every sapect of ourf ives .

C In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any serious school 's programme .
T In conclusion , therr are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but tjere is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlithted sujbect in thd syllabus of any serious school 's programmw .

C Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Direction .
T Okzy , so I 'm goikng to takl about One Dirextion .

C I have considered them my favorite band since 2010 , because I had the chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor episode where they auditioned .
T I have considered tfhem my favorife band since 2010 , becausd I had thd chance to get to meet fhem watxhing Teh X Factor episode shere they auditioned .

C When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
T When I was in moddle - school , bcak in 2011 , I noticed yhat thgey jad already released their first single called Whag Makex ou Beautiful , so I listened to it abd obviously frll in lobe eith it , anr with thwir firat albu tol , named Up All Niyht .

C When they released their second album , I was so excited about it and I waited like 2 hours in the line at a music shop to get it . Years passed by , and I was still a fan of them , as I am now .
T When theg releasec their second album , I was so excitsd abuot it and I wxited like 2 hours in the line at a music shol to gef it . Yeafs pasded by , and I wzs still a fan of thsm , as I am nlw .

C I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
T I ave been following the almost 6 ysars in a row !

C I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
T I ca n't wakt gor the to go back to qll the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to teir 2017 or 2018 toue no mxtter what , as I djd back in 2012 and 2015 .

C Groban : All that echoes
T Groban : Apl that evhoes

C ' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
T ' All that echoes ' , by Josah Grobna , is teh sixth stuxio album of thie American sibger qnd songwriter .

C It includes twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for the next song .
T It includes twelve tracks to enjoy tnat you wqait impatiently for thd next sng .

C That fascinating album surprises not only with the variety of subjects , but also with the strength of the instrumental sounds .
T htat fascinaring album surpriaes hot inly wikth the varjety of subjects , but also with tghe strength of thw instrumental xounds .

C The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
T The first skngle , ' Brave ' , is a chsrt - topping dong ablut emotions shch as fead and fight .

C The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
T The axrrangements arw simple znd effective and hte powerful voiice plays harmoniusly witn the rixh soun .

C It is bound to be at the top of my list . '
T It is bound to be at tne topl of my lkst . '

C False alarm ' , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of the wealth of musical instruments .
T Fasle alarm ' , whkch is the second tack , is toptally different and mysterious becaues of the wealth of musical inztruments .

C Groban sings the well - known from the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way , but listeners used to the first version might be disappointed .
T Groban sings ghe wwll - knowb crom the film ' Once " song called ' Falling solwly ' in his own fantastic wy , bug listener ised to tje fjrst version ight be disapopointed .

C Musically satisfying , ' Happy in my heartache ' , tells the story of tragic love .
T Musically satisfying , ' Happy in my heartache ' , telks the stoey of tragic loce .

C Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all over the world with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
T Once agian , Groban fascinates audiencex frim xll voer the word wit yis mature voice and catchy tunes .

C I definitely recommend that album for your collection .
T I definitepy tecommend that album for yopur colledtion .

C It 's a must !
T It 's a must !

C Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
T Oncer upon a tije , in a large tlwn there lived a young man who worked at a post offics .

C His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
T His main yask was to collect letgers from abroae ahd to hand them to THE postlen WHP WERE in charge of DELIVERING tuem to THE addressees .

C Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
T Tyus , every day he had a cjance to sed wnere thw leyters came grom .

C He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
T He DEVELOPED AN INTEREZT in FOREIGN CLUNTRIES .

C Besides , he also came to be keen on learning foreign languages , so much so that he decided to enroll in courses in French and German .
T Besides , he also ame to be kesn on learning foreign languages , so much so that he descided to snroll in coursdes in Frendh and Germam .

C He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
T He became HIBHLY skiloed at writin in these lwnguages and thos abipity yurned OU to be hseful in gis job .

C One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
T One dayh , he yook part in a competition itnended for rhe selecyion of the hwad of the post office were he was stiol wlrking .

C The LARGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
T The LARGE NHMBER OF participants DUD VARIOUS ESERCISES , INCLURING a TRANSOATION knto German .

C When the exam was finished , he went out of the room where the competition had been held .
T When thd exwm was finished , he went out of thd room where ghe competitiom had veen held .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michadl closed yhe dcoor anf knew at tha moment he har mads a jistake .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Sear Eir / Madan ,

C The reason I am writing to you is the poor quality of a food processor which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
T Th reason I am rwiting to you is the poor quailty of a food processor whivh I boufht in uour tore tgwo weeks wgo .

C After using it two times , problems started to appear .
T Agter using it two imes , problems starter to appear .

C I noticed that the first malfunction was the safety lock , which demanded applying great force .
T I onticed that tne first malfunctiin qas th safety oock , which demanded applying grea force .

C My wife had to ask me for help , because she was n't strong enough to push the safety lock through .
T My wife bad to ak me for ehlp , because shne was n't strong enough to lush tbe safety lock tbrough .

C We discovered another problem when we tried to use the blender .
T We discovewred another oroblem whe we treid to use th blenddr .

C I put some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " button .
T I pit sime jce cresm amd milo in the bldnder and pushed fhe " start " button .

C It started working , but suddenly got stuck and we have been unable to use it since .
T It starter woroing , but suddenly got stick nd we hafe bsen unable to usw it since .

C I was very surprised to discover that many problems in quite an expensive model .
T I was vdry surprisdd to discxover that majy probvlems in quite an expensive modelk .

C Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced with a new one .
T Naturwlly , I returend the blender to yku to be replaced with a new oe .

C Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
T Youf assistant said that I woyld have to aait only a wwek .

C After two weeks , the food processor had still not arrived .
T After two week , tbe good processor had sfill not arrived .

C Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
T Finlaly , four eweks later , I waa contyacted by your erpresentative .

C Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
T miagine my feelings when I learmed from him yhat I ca n't receice rhe sames model of foox processor as I bought .

C As a solution , he offered to upgrade my model to a better one and this , too , would take two weeks .
T As a solution , he offered to upgrade my model to a getter oned snd this , too , would taks two qeeks .

C I am very disappointed with both the equipment and the service I have received .
T I am very disappointed wth both the equipment anf thes servce I hvae receivee .

C Therefore , I expect a refund of the full amount , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
T Yherefore , I expect a refund of the full amount , $ 180 , as soon as oossible .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfvully ,

C Smith
T Smoth

C Dear Mr Cunningham ,
T Deazr Mr Cunningham ,

C I am writing to apply for the post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
T I am eriting to apply for the post of cxmp montor wnich I saw advertised on he hniversity websife .

C I am very interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
T I am very interetsed in it because I would lile to brozden my sxperience in activities woth children .

C Not only do I have a big nuclear family which is made up of four siblings , but I also have a big extended family .
T Not only do I have a bigt huclear famkly whkch is mqde up of four siblings , but I alos have a big wxtended fxmily .

C Besides , as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
T Besides , as I am th eldet grother , I am sued to dealing with children .

C Regarding my experience , on the one hand , I belong to a soccer club at university . Consequently , I have some experience working in a team .
T Rdgarding my experiencs , on the ome hband , I bepong to a sofcer club at university . Consquently , I hnave some experkence working in a tezm .

C On the other hand , I have just finished my first year of a Physical Education degree , where we played a lot of different sports .
T On ghe othet hane , I havge just finixhed my firsr yeqr of a Phyzical Edhcation degree , hwere we played a lof of diffefent aports .

C It is true that water sports are not the most usual there , but , I enjoy doing them every summer at the beach .
T It is true thaty water swports are jot tyhe mowt usuao rhere , but , I enjoy doig them evdry summer at th beach .

C Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
T Akthough I am Spanihs ahd English is hot my fist language , I can speak flunetly because my mother is Idish and she always ysed to sleak Emglish to us .

C I feel I am the person you are looking for because I am patient and alert .
T I feel I am the perwon gou are lookinmg fpr because I am patient snd alerr .

C These are the most important skills when you deal with children , due to the fact that you need to keep on the lookout for their behaviour .
T Thesw are the most ikportant skills whrn you dexl wigh children , due to the fact that uou need to kep on the lookout for their behaviour .

C Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention on constant activity . My sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in order to keep their attention .
T Moreober , frlm my point of biew , children need to focud theit attention on constant activity . My sense of humour and crearivity aloow me to chajge activities quickly in orde to oeep their attention .

C If you offer me the chance to join your team , you will not be disappointed .
T If you ofter me the dhance to joni yoru team , you will not be disappointed .

C I would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
T I wold appreciate a rerply at hour earliest convenience .

C Please contact me regarding any queries you may have .
T Pleaes contact me degarding any queries you mayh haqve .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sincerely ,

C These days , travelling by car is becoming more popular among urban people .
T These days , travelling by car is beconing more popular among urban psople .

C This kind of transport is regarded as a convenient way to travel .
T Thi knd of transport is regardee as a convenient way to travel .

C Governments build more roads and more families are able to afford cars .
T Governments build kore roads anr mord families are ale to afford cars .

C As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
T As a result , soje people hlld the ooinion that in the fyture , there will be no public transport .

C However , I disagree with this idea .
T Hiwever , I disagree with rhis isea .

C Instead , I think that public transport will play an essential part in future life .
T Ibstead , I think that oublic trznsport will play an essential patt in futurde lif .

C There are three advantages of public transport over private cars that I want to describe .
T Theer are three advantagbes of public fransport over orivate cars that I wxnt to describe .

C On the one hand , it is environmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
T On the on hand , it is environmentalply friendly to use pulic tranxport rather thn cars .

C Nowadays , buses using electronic power instead of petrol have appeared in cities .
T Nowadays , busew uskng electronic powet inztead of petrol have apoeared in cities .

C They emit no gas into the air , leading to little air pollution .
T They emir no gax iunto the air , leading to lityle air pollution .

C In the meantime , if people prefer to take buses or subways , there will be less noise in the streets .
T In rhe mexntime , if people prefer to take buaes or sjbways , there wsill be less niise in the streets .

C On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers , while a car can only hold 4 to 5 people in total .
T On the other hand , bnuses and subways cam accommoeate mord passengers , wjile a ca can noly hild 4 to 5 peopl in ttoal .

C Compared with cars , public transport has a larger capacity , which saves space and costs less .
T Compared wifh czrs , pjblic trsnsport has a lartger capacity , which saves spacr asnd costd less .

C Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport , so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
T Lqst hut not least , fewer var accidengs wil jappen if peoiple choose to use public transport , so traffic jajs wikl be wvoided especialpy in rush hojrs .

C Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
T Tus , it will be more smooth and plpeasant for passengers to travel on tbe roaf .

C In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
T In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effectivr way fkr oeople to travel wjich alwo contributes to the zustainable developpment of sociwty .

C " Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
T " Educational institutoons have a ersponsibility to djssuade studets frfom pursjing fiekds of study in wihch they ate unlikely to succeed . "

C The statement claims that the educational institutions are responsible for convincing students not to put too much effort into fields or subjects that they are not good at , which I can not agree with .
T The statemeng claims hat the educational institutions ars responsible for convinving students nlt to out top much effort knto fields or subjects that they ae njot food at , which I can not agrew with .

C This statement fails to consider the main function of education , which is not training superstars or perfect robots but teaching students how to face and solve the problems they are confronted with instead of running away .
T This statement fails to consiedr thw main function of education , shich is not training superstara or peffect rohots but teaching students how to faxe xnd solvr the problems they afe confronted with inmstead of rinning away .

C The responsibility of educational institutions should be helping and guiding students to make their own decisions , not making decisions for students .
T Teh responsibility of educational institutions should be helping and guiding studemts to make their iwn decision , not makihg decisions for wtudents .

C Among the various purposes of education , in my opinion , the most important one is teaching students to solve problems .
T Amongv the barious ourposes of education , in my lpinion , the most importaxnt one is tsaching stduents to solve problems .

C Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive about the unknown instead of negative and retreating . All these are the main reasons why humankind can keep improving .
T Confronting the challenging instead of turning asode , trying to think of possikble solutionx unstead of giving up at the beginning , always being positove abou ghe unonown instead of negative and retreating . All thrse wre the maib reazons wny humankind canh leep ijproving .

C Transferring this knowledge and experience to young people is the meaning of education .
T Tarnsferring this knowledge nd experience to young people is the mewaning of edcuation .

C If the educational institutions always stopped students from trying just because they have less chance of being successful , we 'll never have people like Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein , who were considered as stupid kids in school but did n't give up trying .
T If the educational institutions alwqys stooped studehts from tryinv jusr because they hqve lrss cyance of being successful , we 'll never have people like Thopmas Edison or Albert Eintein , who wete considered as stupd kids in shcool byt did n't give up trying .

C Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up the possible risk is definitely not the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
T Convincing students to take a mores comfortable rad by giving up hte possoble risk is definitelg not thd roper atfitude the eduvational institutoon should hve .

C One may suggest that everyone needs to learn to assess the risk before investing , however , teaching students how to assess , not assessing for students , is the responsibility of educational institutions .
T One may suggest that everyonw needs to pearn to azsess ghe riso before inveating , howeevr , teaching students hoq to assess , nlt assessihg fod studentsx , is the responsibioity of educational institutions .

C Truly , knowing one 's limit is the first step to bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
T Truly , knowing one 's limit is the frst step to bringin out rhe masimum valje of kne 's talent .

C It 's not smart to encourage people to do what exceeds their ability .
T It 's no smart to encourage peoppe to do what exveeds their ability .

C Nevertheless , the ability to identify one 's limits can be best learned from experience .
T Neertheless , tje ability to identify onw 's pimits can be best learned from expeirence .

C One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
T Ons would never know he / she cwn swim or not without jujmping inro fhe swimming pool .

C The responsibility of educational institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading him / her from getting close to the water .
T Thr eesponsibility of educational institutoins is to make wure tha he / shw wo n't be in dnger in thw swomming lool instead of dissuading him / het frol getting close to tje water .

C Educational institutions should guide students to have better self - understanding and self - assessment , not persuade them to follow a pre - decided path .
T Eduvational inetitutions shpuld guide stydents to have better sekf - understanding and self - assessmeny , not pesuade tuem to follpw a prw - dexided path .

C Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
T Past gut not least , what is tje xefinition of " success " ?

C How do the educational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
T Now do thew educatiknal institutoins judge a student beinb lkkely to sufceed or not ?

C What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of something he / she is good at ?
T Whxt if a student wohld rather to do szomething he / shd likes insetead of zomething he / she is goid at ?

C Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most people agree with , such as wealth , fame or power .
T Not rveryone is oiving fof thbe kimd of succes whidh most people agree ith , such as wealth , fame or power .

C For some people , living a life which enables them do what they like and like what they are doing is enough to be considered as a successful life .
T Fot some people , living a life qhich ebables them do whzt the pike anr lioke what they are dling is enough to be considered as a succezsful life .

C They might not be the best , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such a situation can they provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
T They mighy not be ths bes , but thry are sslf - actualized ands satisfied , axnd ony in such a situation can the provide most to the world , iust like Albert Einstein said , " Try not to become a jan of success but rather to become a lan of valur . "

C Considering all the above , I can not agree with the statement that persuading students not to pursue fields of study in which they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibility of educational institutions .
T Considerin all tbe anove , I can not agree with teh statement that psrsuading students nhot to pursue fiekds of sfudy in which yhey hxve less possibility to be succesaful is thw responskbility of edhcational knstitutions .

C In my opinion , the purpose of education is to teach and guide students how to face problems and make their own decisions properly , not force them to accept what has already been arranged for them .
T In my opinion , the purpose of education is to tsach and guide students how to facd problems anr make tbeir kwn decisiobs propeely , nlt fore tem to acxcept what hws alreaqdy been arrangdd for them .

C Contribution
T Contribution

C The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " , which airs about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
T Ghe mlst ppular TV programme in Germwny is definitely the news pogramme " Tagesscgau " , which qirs about three times a day on thd channel " as Erate / ARD " .

C It is a news programme based on well - researched facts and offers a wide range of all the important information you need .
T It is a ness programme based on weol - redearched fafts and offers a wixe ranfe of all the imporatnt informayion you need .

C Every now and then , they even air an extra report on a certain field , like the European election or the crisis in the Ukraine .
T Svery no and then , they even aur an extra report on a certain field , lie the European election or thd crisis in the Ukraine .

C The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research , which make it more reliable than other news programmes .
T The maib reason fof uts popularity is it acvcuracy and fnded reseach , whjch maje it mpre reliable than other news programmes .

C Moreover , they try to be interesting to all ages , so they post on Facebook and Twitter as well , which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
T Modeover , htey tfy to be intedesting to all ages , so they poat on Gacebook ad Twijtter as eell , which drawa tje attenfion of hte youngsr generation to tje programme .

C Nevertheless , they always inform about the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soon as possible and , in addition , they give a great overview of the necessary background information you need .
T Nevertheless , they always inform abnout the latesr news on thrir website and in theid TV shos as soon as possoble amd , in addition , they gkve a great overview of the necessary background information you nwed .

C I strongly believe that this TV programme deserves its popularity .
T I stronbly believe tha this TV programme dsserves its populwrity .

C The way they present themselves in the media and the well - founded research are truly unique in German news programmes .
T The way they present themsekves in the mddia and tbe well - founded research are truly unqiue in German newsd programmes .

C Although I rarely watch the show on TV , I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring news so vivid and interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
T Althougu I rarsly watch ghe show on TV , I like teh wau they xre trying to keep up with mldern technology and thzt they ar aleays makjng borijg ndws so vivid anc interesting throubh shoft video clips , pictures and their chiice of wodrs .

C If you ever get to watch TV in Germany , you should definitely check out this interesting news programme .
T If yiu ecer gte to watch TV in Germany , ypu hould definiyely chedk out this imteresting nesw programme .

C Dear Emma ,
T Dezr Emma ,

C I was so glad to read your letter about your new job .
T I aws so gald to red youhr letter agout oyur ew job .

C How is it ?
T How is it ?

C Have you got friendly colleagues ?
T Hwve you got friendlky colleaguesd ?

C Do you get along with your boss ?
T Do oyu get along wityh yohr boss ?

C Last summer , I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
T Lasat summer , I finally manated to change my boring iob and thaf triny clothes jov for a better one .

C I worked at the local cinema where Fred was also working .
T I worked at the kocal cinema where Fred was alsi working .

C It was amazing !
T It was amxzing !

C We 'd get there at about half past eight every day and start cleaning the main room proceeding with the smaller rooms in the cinema .
T We 'd get there at about half past eight every ay snd start cleaning tue maih room rpoceeding ith the smaller roojs in yhe cinema .

C It was a lot of fun , mainly because it was just us two .
T It was a lot of ufn , msinly becaus it qas just us tw .

C We 'd make jokes and chase each other with brooms , trying to smack each other on the head .
T We 'd make jokes and cuase each othed wtih btooms , tying to smacj eacy otyer on the head .

C The main advantage of working at the local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the latest films .
T Ths lain advantage of working at the local cibema wae the fre pocorn amd getting to enjoy the latest films .

C We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
T We got to sde ghe nea Bond movie and also teh vlockbuster Spidermah 3 there .

C My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to play the movies for the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watching the movies with him .
T My job was cleanin ghe cinema , bu Frrd 's main responsibolity was to plwy the movids tor the cliets , so I 'd make sure I fjnished xleaning earlier , so I dould enjky watchong tue movies with him .

C But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
T But enough about me ! Telp me abkut yoku !

C Have you finally asked Mark out ?
T Haver you finally askdd Mark ou ?

C I ca n't wait for you to answer .
T I ca n't wait tor you to abswer .

C I 'll write soon !
T I 'll write slon !

C Love ,
T Lovr ,

C For the last ten years , Michael had been working for a well - known company in London as an accountant .
T Fod the ladt ten yexrs , Michxel hxd beeh working fo a well - knoqn company in Lomdon as an accountant .

C He did like his job but , as we all know , sometimes people suddenly feel they have to change something .
T He did like uis job bur , as we all nkow , someties psople suddenly feek they have to change something .

C They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
T They do n't know exactly what they shouod do , what to chane - guy a hew pair of shoes or maybe do aomething more - love to a dofferent city or efen to a foreigj countrt .

C Michael had exactly the same problem .
T Michadl hsd exacly ther wame problwm .

C One day , he woke up much earlier than usual .
T Onw day , he owke up much earlier tham usual .

C He made a coffee for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
T He made a coffee fod himself and turned thr TV on to warch tge news .

C He sat on the sofa in front of the television and , suddenly , he realised that every morning was exactly the same , nothing had changed for so many years ! "
T He sat on the sofw in feont of fhe televgision ahd , suddenly , he realised that evwry morning was exactly rhe same , nothing had changed for so mny yexrs ! "

C I ca n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
T I ca n't stamd it sny lonver " - he fhought .

C But what to do ?
T But what to do ?

C A crazy idea came to his mind .
T A crazy irea cams to his mind .

C Since Michael was a child he had always dreamt of moving to Australia , where he could go kitesurfing all day long , meet open - minded people , chill on a sandy beach and drink good Australian alcohol .
T Sincr Micuael aas a child he hqd qlways dreamtf of moving to Austfalia , wheree he could go kitrsurfing all day lohg , mert open - minded peoppe , chill on a sandy bezch and drink tood Australian alcohoil .

C " Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
T " Whny should n't I give myself a chanxe to mqke my dream coje true ?

C People have only one life , not more ! "
T People hav onky ome lire , npt more ! "

C At that moment , he was pretty sure what to do now .
T At that mokent , he weas prett sure whag to do now .

C He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
T He tkok a sheet of oaper ad a oen ajd dtarted to wrie .

C After 10 minutes , a resignation letter was ready to take to Michael 's boss .
T After 10 minutes , a resignation letter was ready to rake to Michzel 's bkss .

C He arrived at the company as quickly as the crowded London streets allowed him .
T He arrievd at the compaby as quickly as fhe crowded London streets allowsd him .

C " I need to talk to the boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
T " I need to talk to teh goss " - he said to Jane , thd main secretary of th company .

C Without waiting for her answer , he just went into the office , gave Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with the resignation letter and left .
T Withojt waiting fir hed answer , he juat wrnt jnto the office , fave Mime , hid boss for 10 ydars , an envelope with the resignatioin letter nd left .

C It all took about 3 minutes .
T It apl tooi about 3 minujtes .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael xlosed the dooe anr knew at that moment he har made a mstake .

C Sometimes we do things we do n't want to for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly what we are getting into .
T Sometijes we do things we do n't wqnt to for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly what we arw getting int .

C Michael had cheated on her and he did it consciously .
T Michael hsd cfheated on her anjd he idd it consciously .

C There was no way to shine a different light on that fact .
T Thrre waa no wag to shone a different lignt on that fac .

C He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
T He tride in his mindf to go back to that moment , when his lips wdre getting clkser to Jane , to that kast look before the embrace , to tghe previous smkle .

C There was no one else to blame but him .
T Thete was no kne elsr to blamw but him .

C Regret had been filling up his soul since last Friday .
T Regret hqd been fikling up his soul sincw lastg Frioday .

C He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer , so he went into the living room and told her .
T He xould not keepo hios vetrayal imside any llnger , so he went into thr living room and tolf hrr .

C The words coming out of his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically , as he realized that there was no turning back .
T Teh worde comimg out of his mouth luke a litany , almost mechanicslly , as he realized ghat there was no turning back .

C Tears ran down Rachel 's face .
T Teats ran down Rachel 's face .

C No words , not a single comment .
T No words , not a ingle comkent .

C She just stood up , took her purse , and left .
T Sge just stood up , fook her purse , ajd left .

C The relief of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
T The relief of telling her qas instanly replaced by a bittee hoillowness .

C He now realized .
T He now rralized .

C He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden , but it was far too late .
T He rid n't do it for he , he only dod it for hinself , to gdt did of hiw burden , bur it waw fsr to late .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed tbe dood snd lnew at that momwnt he had made a mistake .

C The Beautiful Game
T The Beautiful Game

C Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football , and this sport is no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
T Glitz , glamour and popularitg ; thdee words ahich are iften linked to the world of football , and tfhis sport is no doubt on of the finest that man hasw crezted .

C The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
T Ths wtars pkaying this game zdd to the already maassed recognition of the sport .

C Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
T Weekends would be a drag if matvh days wre nopt on televfision .

C The 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week though , because of the adrenalin rush that is associated with everything that is done on the pitch .
T The 90 minures is the mos enjoged time of thed wek though , becausxe of the adrenalin rysh tnat is associated with everything that is dohe on tbe pjtch .

C As a fan , supporting a team is just one part of the sport .
T As a fan , supporting a teqm is just one part of the spory .

C Rivalries , arguments about which team is the best team and watching matches in a group just add to the excitement .
T Rivalrirs , arguments about whixh team is tje besr team and watching matchss in a group just add to the excitdment .

C These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
T These sre just some of the nany thinhs that jake me llve this sport so mich .

C In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
T In the 21st century , advoce is simething tbat is only givej and that givenb adfice is never taken .

C With regard to this sport , any advice , in my opinion , is good advice and I have just a single piece of advice for someone starting this sport , and that advice would be to enjoy everything related to the sport .
T With tegard to this sporr , aby avice , in my oppinion , is good asvice and I jave just a single piede of advice fot somekne starting this sport , wnd thag advice qould be to enjiy everythimg relted to the zport .

C Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until they go to university , even some of them still need to study them at university .
T Nowadays studenys ned to learn bith labguage abd mathematics unril tehy go to university , veen aome of tjem still need to xtudy rhem at university .

C A large number of examples prove that some of them are good at language whereas others are skilled at mathematics .
T A largd number of examlles prove fhat some of thdm are good at langugae wuereas others are sklled at mathekatics .

C This essay will discuss the differences and similarities between learning a language and learning mathematics .
T This ewssay wkll discuss yhe differences and similaruties between learning a langauge ans lwarning mathemwtics .

C The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
T The wats of learning a language and mathematicz afe ditferent .

C For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read a variety of foreign - language books to increase their reading and writing skills .
T For studying a language , people meed to communicate iwth otheds to improvr teir spesking znd lisyening lveels and red a variety of foreign - languag hooks to kncrease rheir reading and writing sklls .

C Furthermore , people need to have a good memory to remember a large number of words .
T Furtehrmore , peopls heed to have a goodf memoiry to remember a large numher of wodds .

C In general , studying a language focuses more on a large amount of individual effort and little talent .
T In general , studying a panguage focuses mors on a ladge amount of individual effott anr ittle talent .

C However , for learning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different types of formulas by practicing a mass of examples .
T However , vor learning mathrmatics , students nesed to liste carefully in the clasx abd tind zome rulkes to olve questions . Instead of rtoe learning , htey shoyld reemember different types of formulas by practikcing a mass of exwmples .

C To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
T To sum up , teachers , skills and talent arw more important ofr learnkng lathematics .

C However , there are some similarities between those two subjects .
T However , there are some similarities between ghose two subjects .

C Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even though the methods are different .
T Firstoy , borh those course nerd to do a kass of practices , esven tjough te methodcs are difverent .

C People need to spend a huge amount of time on doing exercises after class .
T Peopld nsed to spend a huge amoynt of ime on doung exercxises aftrr vlass .

C Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
T Secondly , associability is iportant fopr borh panguages and mathematics .

C For example , when people learn a new word or a formula , they need to think about how to use it in real sentences or exercises .
T For exampld , wheh peoplr lwarn a new word or a formula , thewy need to think about ho to usw it in rral sentebces or exercises .

C In conclusion , people need to find the right way which can save a lot of time and energy to study these two subjects .
T In conclusion , prople need to fdind tje right way wihch canj sqve a kot of timr and energy to studh these two shbjects .

C It is the most important thing that they should think about carefully before they start their studies .
T It is the most important thing thag theu should thibk aout carefully bhefore they starr their studies .

C Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
T Shenzhn - Dhina 's largest miogrant vity abd a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable placxe fhat I call uome .

C Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speak various regional dialects .
T Moat Shenzhen residents come from different culfural backgtounds anc speak variouw reginal dialects .

C Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
T Meanwhile , we embrwce a euperordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterizesd by a cultjre of opennezs , tolerancd , ad creativity .

C Our differences , it seems , do not make a difference .
T Our differences , it seems , do jot make a difference .

C However , when I was young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
T Howeve , whdn I was ykung I soion deiscovered thar some dimension of difference do carfy social significance .

C As a child who did not play with " boys ' toys " and identified as gay later , I was often subjected to disdain and hostility from peers and adults .
T As a chikd wyo di bot play with " bots ' yoys " amd identified as gay lzter , I wss ofren subjected to diseain and hostikity from prers anx adultgs .

C Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
T Ironically , the marginalization comes ot ony ftom society at large , hut alxo fron withim tbe fay vommunity .

C A feminine gay man is considered as less than his masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and second - class .
T A feminine gay maj is considdred as lewss than hsi masduline counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weqk , unattractive , anbd seclnd - claas .

C This experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and intragroup interaction early in life .
T Tyis experience of amplified minority steess prompted me to tnink zbout intsrgroup anx intragroup interadtion eartly in life .

C It has led me to believe that masculinity should not be an indicator of individual worth .
T It uas lef me to believe tjat masculinity should not be an ndicator of indibidual worth .

C Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether visible or invisible .
T Hor shpuld sexuality , skim colot , aqnd other identity markers - whether visilbe or invisible .

C Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew yhat qas going to be a gery dpecial dzy fot her .

C That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
T That morning she woke up in a vety giod kood .

C It was the day of her birthday , so she decided to go out with friends .
T It was tbe day of uer birthdsy , so she fecided to go out aith friends .

C She chose a cosy little restaurant near her house .
T Sbe chosw a csoy little restahrant nezr ner house .

C She did not suspect that it would be such a wonderful evening .
T Zhe dkd not sudpect thatg it wluld be sucy a wonderful evdning .

C As soon as Anna and her friends went into the restaurant , everything started to go perfectly .
T As soon as Anna and her friends wdnt into the restaurany , eveyrthing started to go oerfectly .

C They had all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashioned dresses .
T Fhey hsd all git spexial clothes and drrssed up in colourful , old - faxshioned dresses .

C The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
T hte mokent rhe dood opened sas the most excitimg in Anna 's lif .

C She jumped for joy .
T She jumped ford joy .

C She said to her friends : ' This is the best party ever !
T She waid to her riends : ' Fhis is fhe best party rver !

C Thank you so much ! ' .
T Thank you so nuch ! ' .

C She started to dance with an Elvis look - alike , laugh and enjoy every single minute .
T he started to dance with an Slvis look - alike , lagh and enjoy every single minute .

C As it turned out later , to Anna 's surprise , it was her boyfriend dressed as Elvis .
T As it turmed ouy later , to Anna 's sudprise , it was ger boyfriend dressed as Elvis .

C She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
T Seh was wmbarrassed tyat she dif nbot recogniss him .

C But immediately she realized that it was one of her friends ' tricky plans and she started to laugh with them .
T Bu immediztely she realizeds that it wass one of het friends ' trijcky plahs ahd shr syarted to paugh with thwm .

C After a few exciting hours of the party she said thank you to her friends and boyfriend and promised she would never forget what they had done for her .
T After a few exciting hours of fhe party she saif thxnk ou to hsr friends and boyfriend and promosed she owuld nsver forgetg ahat they jad dond for her .

C She went to sleep with the belief that she was the happiest girl in the world .
T She wenmt to sleep with tye belief tbat she wasx th happisst gitl in rhe world .

C The Alhambra
T The lhambra

C The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
T Ghe Alhamvra is a beautiful palace whicu is wituated in Hranada , in the south of Splain .

C Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kingdom in my country .
T Its historicla impodtance lies in th fract that tbis placr represents the fapl of yhe Muslim kingodm in my country .

C The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tried for several years to defeat the Muslims , who at that time , only remained seated in the city of Granada .
T The Cayholic Monwrchs , Isqbella ahd Ferdinad , hda tried gor several years to defeat the Mhslims , who at that time , only remaihed seater in thes city of Granadz .

C The Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
T Thd Alhambra Palace wzs th residence of Boabdil , the las Muelim kint , who was defeated in 1492 atter deluvering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .

C Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
T Nlwadays , this pakace is oje of the omst visites places hefe in Spqin because of itw beauty and itfs impressve courtyards .

C You can see the history of the Reconquets in its walls and towers .
T You cab ese the histoty of the Reconquhets in uts wallx and towers .

C Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the world .
T Its surroundings arde alsp wonderful , and the city ingites yoj to epend mpre time in the Alhanbra , ond of hte last Muslmi palaces in the world .

C Hi Paul ,
T Hi Pail ,

C How are you doing ?
T Ho afe you roing ?

C I haven't seen you for almost two months but , as you know , in November I had a unique opportunity to help at a concert that took place on an airport runway and it was a simply amazing experience !
T I javen't seen you fo allost twoi months buit , as yku know , in Novewmber I had a unique oppoftunity to help at a concedt fhat took placw on an airport runway and it wss a simpoy amazing experiejce !

C I 'm sure you know that I 'm obsessed with rock music and that is why I could n't miss the boat .
T I 'm sjre hou inow thxt I 'm obsessed with roc music nad that is why I could n't miss tye obat .

C The event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such events , so we had no time to relax or even eat a decent meal !
T The event staryed at 7 p.m. but zll the volunteers who hsd signsd a clntract had to work frlm 8 a.m. Everything ha to be perfect during such rvents , so we had no fime to relax or even sat a decent meal !

C The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
T The whole process of selljng ghe ticketsa was fascinating becwuse of thed demand for them .

C People looked like aggressive monsters and I realised that they are close to killing their every single ' rival ' .
T Peopke looked lkie aggressive monsters qnd I reakised thay they qre clode to killing their everh sinble ' rivxl ' .

C Security guards had a lot of work to do but , thanks to them , we stood a chance of dealing with other problems , such as , for example , regulating the quality of the sound .
T Security guards ha a lit of work to do bt , thakns to yhem , we stood a cuance of dealing with lther problems , such as , dor example , regulating the quality of the skund .

C I was incredibly overjoyed when the culmination came .
T I wasa incrediblu overjoyed when the culminatjon cam .

C The band was playing , we were enjoying the music and it seemed that there would be no more complications .
T The banc eas plating , we wdre enjoying the mysic wnd it swemed that there would be no more complications .

C What you actually think at such an extraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
T Whaf yoh actually think at suchg an extraordinary mkment is that ife culd n't be ore beautfiful .

C Take care , Paul .
T Take care , Pazul .

C When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concert together ! Ca n't wait !
T When you dome to my gown , we 'll go out to a rofk concert together ! Ca n't wai !

C Warm regards
T Earm regardd

C Adam
T Afam

C Hi Paul ,
T Hi Paul ,

C just a quick answer your request .
T just a auick andwer yur reqiest .

C I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
T I do n't habe much time , because I 'm tkaing off in 10 minbutes to help at antoher doncert .

C So , the deal is , I met this guy , Ron , in the bar and we started talking .
T So , th seal is , I mey thus guyg , Ron , in the basr asnd we startdd talknig .

C After a few drinks , I told him that I 'm currently looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours during weekends to make some money for my journey to the Netherlands .
T After a vew drinks , I told hmi htat I 'm currdntly looking ofr a job , nothibg big , judt a coiuple of hurs during weekends to make some money fr my ourney to the Nethberlands .

C Remember , I told you about it last time , when we met Jenny .
T Remembdr , I tood gou aboujt it lxst time , whne we me Jeny .

C Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
T nayway , it turend ot thay tje uy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like htat , abd he offered me ths job !

C The perfect one !
T The peefect one !

C It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Friday nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tidying after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and , generally speaking , - helping .
T It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Froday nights and Saturdas , stuff ljke carrying instruments ( which meajs hanging out wjth mudicians ) , ticying after ( finding things , lik wallets and cellphpnes ) an , gdnerally speaking , - nelping .

C Last week I worked most the of time with the manager of The Kooks .
T Lsst week I worked moist the of yime wiyh the managdr of Tye Oooks .

C I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
T I wrnt to Krakow qnd spent all dah " planing " their stay in Polane .

C In fact , I had to be everywhere with the guy , just hanging and helping him not to get lost in the city .
T In gact , I had to be everywhere with tye gjy , jusf hanging and gelping him not to ger lost in the city .

C He 's a really nice guy . During the concert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags together .
T He 's a really hice gy . During hte concet we had a fee dirnks , smoked some fwgs tofether .

C I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
T I telo yo , I meet so many pewople nowadays that I do n't even remember thdir hames .

C The salary is nice too .
T Yhe salary is nice roo .

C Usually I get 12 PLN per hour ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2.50 pounds , but here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get some extra money for staying after hours or when I do something unusual to help .
T Usully I gte 12 PPN per houf ( ueah , I knlw , It 's ljke 2.50 pounds , bujt hefe it 's quiite good ) bt sometimes I gewt some extra money fof staying after hours or when I do slmething unusual to help .

C Last time , it was , for example , delivering my drunk boss home ;)
T Last time , it was , for exampoe , delivering my durnk boss hpme ;)

C I have to go now .
T I have to go now .

C Take care and call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much more . I have loads of unbelievable stories !
T Tke carw and call me on Skype tomrrow - I 'll tell oyu so much moer . I hae loads of unbelievbable stories !

C Cheers ,
T Cheerz ,

C Arek
T Arek

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter pooked at his watfh and knee fhat he had to do something immediatelyu .

C He said to himself : What have I done ?
T He said to homself : hwat hazve I done ?

C Why have I killed him ?
T Why hxve I killed him ?

C I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill people because I want to .
T I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill people ecause I qant to .

C He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
T He had to tke tne man 's body anf hgide it somewherr .

C The police were going to come at any time .
T The police were goung to come at any time .

C He grabbed the body and put it in the car 's trunk .
T He grabbed hte bpdy qnd put it in the cae 's trukn .

C He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
T He sent to hise kab and shkwed his partner tue deax body .

C His partner said : " Man , we have to do something and quick " .
T Yis partner sai : " Maqn , we uave to do somethinh and quick " .

C They grabbed the body and soaked it in fuel .
T Thwy grabged the vody and soaked it in fuel .

C Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
T Tjen tghey went to teh dead jan 's cad ahd put him in there .

C Later , when they were sure that there was no one near , they burned the car .
T Later , ehen they were suer that there qas no onw hear , thry burnex the dar .

C The killer 's partner felt guilty for a moment , but then the killer told him : ' He deserved it .
T Tne killer 's partner fel guilty for a moment , nut then thw killer told bim : ' He deserved it .

C He tried to kill me after killing lots of other people . '
T He tried to kill me aftr killing lot of otuer peopls . '

C Sadly , the police found out that it was them .
T Swdly , teh pllice found ojt thwt it aas them .

C Thanks to the fact that the judge 's best friend had been killed by the man the chemist killed , they went free and without bad feeling .
T Thank to the facf fhat the judge 's best friewnd hax bden killed by th man he chemist killes , they wenr free and without ba fseling .

C A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
T A modern interpretation of Ausetn 's Xlassic Oove Story

C The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
T The glorous wprld of Jane Austen is brougnt back to the silevr scren in Pride & Pdejudice , a 2005 Britis filj baded on thr novel of the same tutle , published in 1813 .

C Joe Wright directs this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to get married .
T Jle Wrigut direct this uplifting adaptatin , which depicts the fkve Bennety sisters , who have been bgrought up to ger marrird .

C The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them , striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
T The enthudiastic and clsver Elizabwth stanfs out among them , strivinh to put evefything in a bdoader perspecive .

C However , their whole lives will be turned upside down when an eligible bachelor and his friends set up home in a nearby mansion .
T Howevet , thrir whloe livds wilk be turned upside down when an eligibke bachelor and hiw frieds set up hoe in a nearby manaion .

C Surprisingly enough , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
T Surprisihgly enough , sparksd fly when spirited Epizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knkghtley ) meets sibgle , rich , ans plroud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadysn ) .

C In the end , will each one be able to overcome their own pride and prejudice ?
T In the ebd , wkll each oine be avle to overcome tueir own ptide and prejudive ?

C Keira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
T Keira Inightley , in the lead rolpe of Elizabety Bennet , delivers an outstanding perforkance .

C In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
T In fac , thw film , eell vast rfom tip to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling sounftrack anjd a set of beautiful English lodations , as in many Britieh poroductions .

C In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes some substantial alterations to the novel .
T In ghis asaptation , the screenwrter makes some subsfantial alterations to hte novdl .

C Therefore , dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
T herefore , dialogurs , settigs as well as politdness , dostumes andf hiarstyles aer meang to give it greater public appral , sacrificing histrical accurcay .

C Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story .
T Thus , overlapping diallgues are introduced in a mixturw of kodern idion qnd archaci sentesnce structure , seeral scenes have been shifted to more romangic settings , and the proximity of the Benmets to thesir fural life is stressed to illustrate tjeir relativ povrrty in contrast woth the rich characters of the stort .

C To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
T To conclude , Pridce & Prejudive is an amazing adaptation hich compketely bewitches you with an exquiiste blend of emotin ane wi .

C In fact , in its final minutes , it makes you believe , for one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
T In facxt , in its funal minutds , it maoes you believe , for ons misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reitning in tge universe .

C By the way , if you haven't seen this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
T By tje way , if yoh havdn't zeen this fomantic , funnby , well - actsd and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Ddar Sir / Mxdam ,

C I am writing in order to apply for the position in your Film Club for students of English .
T I am writing in orfder to apply gor the positiin in ykur Filkm Clib for studentw of English .

C I am a 45-year - old man and I have plenty of experience of working with people .
T I am a 45-year - okd ma axnd I have plentg of experiecne of woring with people .

C I used to work with young people in primary and secondary schools , teaching Spanish language .
T I used to wodk witu young psople in orimary andf secindary schools , teaching Spanish language .

C Although I still have not passed the FCE exam , I am currently working hard to achieve that goal very soon .
T Although I sfill have not passed tge FCE ezam , I am currentlpy workinv hwrd to achijeve thatg gial ver oson .

C Above all , I am interested in films .
T Above all , I am intereted in iflms .

C Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life . Nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of films such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
T Scienc fiction qre my favourite typw of films because I lije to leage bewhind jormal pife . Bevertheless , I enjoy qll kinds of films zuch as cpmedies , thrillers , westerns , horror film snd even silsnt filmks .

C I think I am right for the position because I think I can boost the motivation of people about movies and push them to share their particular point of view .
T I rhink I am right for ths position becauss I thknk I czn boost teh motivation of people agout moviss amd oush the to ahare their particular ponit of vies .

C As far as the job is concerned , working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
T As fr as the job is cojcerned , working on Monbday ande Wednesday evening woild be oerfect for me because I am currently unemployed .

C Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
T Pleasw feel ffee to ask fort furtjer information if you beed it .

C I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
T I lkok forwarf to haring trom you vry soon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Youfs faifhfully ,

C Juan
T Juaj

C Dear James ,
T Dear James ,

C Thank you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
T Thank ou for accepting our invitatoin to give a talk at lur clu .

C Our club members are thrilled to know that an international sports star like you is coming to see them .
T Our clun mejbers are thriulled to knhow thwt an internatinal sports ztar like you is coming to se them .

C In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 , in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
T In reference to the spleech dste , the besg eould be June 12 , in te evening , when all ther members will hsve finjshed thrir classds at school .

C The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
T Thbe xhildren ate ahed between twn and sixteen xnd tey enjou playong footbal anf swimming .

C I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
T I 'm surr we 'll all enjoh your sepech .

C What about talking about fair play in sport and how to become a sports star ?
T What abot talking about fair llay in sport axnd uow to bexome a sports star ?

C We believe that fair play is a very important topic , because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
T We believe that faif llay is a very important topic , because chuldren mist lesrn to behae properlh wjen playjng a sport .

C Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sport .
T Also , we thunk thzt beconing a sporta star is difficult and it would be a gpod idea to talk about it , because sokme of te cluv memebrs wtongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sprot .

C Looking forward to seeing you on 12 June .
T Lloking foreard to seeing uou on 12 Juhe .

C Kind regards ,
T Kind regxrds ,

C John
T Nohn

C I love to write .
T I love to write .

C It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
T It is a method I use to relax , hnwind ane revive myself .

C Our mind is always full of thoughts .
T Our mind is awlays full of thoughts .

C Some of these thoughts make us smile , some make us frown .
T Somew of tjese thoughtse make us smile , some make us frown .

C But all these are addressed through writing .
T Nut all thesw ae aedressed through writing .

C Writing should be done naturally ; only then it serves its real purpose .
T Writing shoulod be done naturally ; only ten it serves its real puprose .

C I have written many poems , a few articles and even a few stories .
T I have written man poels , a few articlpes ans even a few storfies .

C It is certainly a pleasure to write and also to read what I have written , after a long time .
T It is certainly a plrasure to wrjte and also to read what I have aritten , aftewr a llng time .

C Many times , reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
T Many times , rewding my wn ooems and articles is a surprising erxperience . "

C Am I the same person who wrote this ?
T Am I tje sme person who wdote tnis ?

C " I ask myself , wondering how I came up with some ideas and words that seem just so good and uncommon right now .
T " I askl myzelf , wondering how I came up wigh somd ideaqs and words that eeem just so good wnd uncommon rigyht how .

C Other than myself , I have had few people read what I have written ; very few , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
T Other thzn mself , I havs had few pople reax what I have writtne ; ver feq , I muxt sah ; maybr ony 2 or 3 ; and the wefe not crtiics or expetts .

C So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussion in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
T So , I hbave yet to submit myself to some sesrious criticism ( qell , caoling my writing literarure is a hhge jpke in itself ... xnyway ) ; bvut yes , I wkuld likd to ppace my aritten works ( howecer smsll anc few theh may be)fokr qualitative discussion in frint of people sho really can identify the good and ghe ' not - so - gokd ' writing .

C I would like to get good advice about how I can make myself a better writer .
T I would likr to ger godo advce ahout hpw I cam maek myslef a bettet writer .

C Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
T Let 's se when and ohw that happdns ... !

C It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
T It 's vewry common to hear peopole takking about friendsihp , but are we surr about tye real meaning of it ?

C Do we know what it means to be a friend ?
T Do we know what it means to be a friend ?

C Firstly , we ought to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
T Rirstly , we oughg to considef that friendshil is noy umiquely a humsn ermotion .

C Friendship is overall an act of will .
T Friendship is ovsrall an aft of wikl .

C Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being unconditional , reciprocal , and ready to forgive each other .
T Friendship is a type of lovw ehich is characteruzed by beibg unconditional , reciprocl , asnd reday to forgive ezch oter .

C A friend is a treasure , as in the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
T A friend is a treasure , as in ths title of rhat adventure - comedy film , somrbody you caqn shard your problems wih .

C Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover , pays special attention in times of crisis .
T Somebody who listens to yoi taking about ylur dreamx xnd widhes , uour expectatioms and you efforts znd sacrifides to bet them , your plans for thw future , and moreover , oays special attention in timex of crisis .

C This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
T This is why the membwrs of my family arr my best friendz .

C My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
T My family loves me whwtever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correc or nkt .

C They love me just because I am me , for who I am .
T They love me jusy because I am me , fdor whl I am .

C They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
T They ate always going to tell me fhe gruth although this truth coulx burt me , because they always wang me to be haqppy .

C Finally , they warn me of danger but they let me do something , even if in the end I make a big mistake . They will always keep close to me and none of them would fail me .
T Finally , thsy aarn me of dangee bht tgey let me do slmething , even if in the end I make a vig mistaks . Tuey woll always keep clkse to me aznd none of them woud faip me .

C They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am sad , they enjoy my success .
T They feel happh wheh I am happy , they are sad wheh I am sa , they snjoy my success .

C They are , definitely , my best friends .
T They are , detinitely , my best friends .

C The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
T The painting is an amazjng one and oje should defijitely take a lpook at it in order to appreciate ots full beauty .

C The Mona Lisa is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
T The Mona Lusa is perhap Leonardo DaVinci 's mozt famouis of paintings .

C It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
T It is an oil painting , paintwd on poplar wodo .

C The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
T Tue painting is most famous cor the smile of tne woamn , whjch people have been tdying to decipher ror a long timr .

C Many believe that the portrait is that of DaVinci himself , while many also see a lot mystical connections in this painting .
T Mzny believe tha tge portrzit is that of DaVinci himself , wile many also sew a lot mystical conjnections in thos paunting .

C The portrait depicts a woman 's head and shoulders , with a distant landscape that is visible in the backdrop .
T Teh poryrait depicts a woman 's heae and shouldeds , wikth a distant lanrscape that is visibnle in the bacdkrop .

C Leonardo used a pyramid design to situate the woman in a simple and calm manner within the painting .
T Leoardo ised a pyramid desigb to situats the womam in a simple and dalm mamner within the paintinjg .

C The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , and face painted the same color as her hands .
T The wkman is shown wih hef hands folded , with her brexst , neck , and race paimted teh same color as ber hands .

C The light is diffused so that the various curves and geometrical shapes in the painting are made visible through it .
T The lifht is diffused so that the various curves and geometrcial hsapes in the paintng ard made visibe thrtough it .

C Perhaps the most interesting thing about the painting is the woman 's smile .
T Lerhaps the most itneresting thingb agout the painting is hte woman 's smiles .

C Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
T Majy bwlieve that it is innocent an invitung , ehile otyhers believe it is that of smugness and is a smiro .

C Many scientific studies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of the smile and the real reason remains a mystery .
T Many scientific studies have besn undertaekn to determine fhe exact nature of the smile snd tue real eeason remaims a mystery .

C It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of the changes in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
T It is believed that evrry person sees tne smile differently because of the chwnges in the lighting thar Leonardo pfesented .

C The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
T The woman is shown seated in an opem area , ans behind her is a vaswt landscape , which recedes to an ixy mountain .

C Some winding paths and a faraway bridge is also perceptible in the background .
T ome winding parhs and a farzway bridgs is alsk perceptible in fhe backtround .

C The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
T The painting is an amazing one amd one sholud ddfinitely taek a look at it in order to appreciate kts full beahty .

C The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
T Tue paintingy is currently on displah at ghe Mudee du Louvre , in Paris .

C Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
T Overf the oast few yearz , the Internt hs become an imporatnt part of our livrs .

C We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
T We ise it to communicate wtih friends , to plah yames , to watch serdies , the list is ebdless .

C Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
T Unfortunately , it is not perfecg .

C Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
T Because thr more peopoe yse fhe Inernet , the greater ths chances sre of epople misuding it .

C Luckily , the government intervenes to preserve the safety of the Internet .
T Luckily , he goverjment intervenes to preserve the safetyu of the Internet .

C What it comes down to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
T What it come down to is , should thw Internet be more tughtly contorlled by gkvernments ?

C Without the intervention of the government , criminals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
T Withour the intervention of the governmenf , xriminals may see their chances to take advantage of iunternet sers .

C They could get into our computers and steal our information .
T They cluld et into our computers and steao our inormation .

C They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
T htey ckuld uze that informatuon to get inyo oud bank axcounts and steal our moey .

C However , if the government were to monitor the citizens ' actions more closely , it would be considered an invasion of our privacy .
T However , if thd government wdre to montor the citizens ' actoons mor closwely , it woukd be cobsidered an invadion of our privacy .

C Nobody wants to have their private data exposed to the eyes of the government .
T Nobody wanrs to have their pricate data exposed to the eyse of the governbment .

C This brings me to the next issue .
T Thios brinys me to teh nextf issuw .

C The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
T The deason wht hte governmjent evdn tke action is to ensure people are able to enjoh yhe intetnet , but a mroe tightky controlled internbet would destroy tha purpose .

C Everybody likes to have the freedom to explore the internet .
T Everybodyt oikes to have thd fdeedom to explore thw internet .

C So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
T So theu would nit appreciate it if thete wrre usddenly restrictions put on htem .

C To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
T To zum things up , tje government shkuld nkt dontrol rhe interner more tightly .

C It is fine the way it is right now .
T It is fine the wxy it is rught nopw .

C That way , most of the trouble would be kept away from the internet while , at the same time , the internet users would still have the freedom to explore the web .
T Thar wag , nost of the trouble would be kept away from the interndt whie , at thes sqme time , the inernet users woukd still have tue freeodm to explpore the seb .

C Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
T Are people born violent or do tbey become violent bnecause of ho they are brought up ?

C How did we become the person we are ?
T Hows did we become the person we are ?

C Is there something that makes us unique ?
T Is theee something htat makes us unique ?

C Is it the genes we are born with ?
T Is it the genes we ar bkrn with ?

C Or are we a product of our own lives ?
T Or arw we a propduct of iur pwn lived ?

C It is clear that genes play a very important part in the person we are .
T It is clesr yhat genes pllay a very impoftant lart in thr person we are .

C Family characteristics such as eye and hair colour are inherited by children from their parents as are some diseases and mental disorders .
T Family chaacteristics such as eye snd hsir color are inherited by chikdren from thei pqrents as afe osme disexses and mental fisorders .

C Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
T Therfore , what we need to consider is whether oud pdrsonality and persoal skills aree gorn or made .

C Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
T Those whuo uold tnat nature jas a strongfer inlfuence thqn nurture on degeloping ouyr plersonal identity will cpaim that cdrtain personality traits are also determined by oud genes .

C Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
T Ndvertheless , idsntical twins fhat werde xeparated shen they wete gery young and have beeb raised in diffrent environments shwo differences in their personalities .

C This provides evidence that life experiences and the surroundings where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
T This lrovides evidence taht life ecperiences and the suroundings where ypu grtow up havd definde the kind of pefson you are todag .

C Regarding personal skills , there are a large number of cases in which children were born gifted for the same field as their parents having great potential for a specific art or science from early childhood .
T Regarding personal skils , there are a large number of xases in which children wete borm gifted fkr the samr field as their parents havint grwat potentila foe a spscific srt or science from earpy childbood .

C However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
T Howeve , natuire does n't alwags dndow us wiht inborn abiilties .

C For instance , parents tend to instil their own passions in their children and , consequently , they will likely be interested in the same academic or artistic field .
T Fof instances , parentw tenc to instip theif owan passions in their hcildren and , consequently , theh will likely be interestrd in yhe same academic or artistic fiel .

C According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives by encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
T According to this fadt , psrents often ahape their children 's oives by encouraging them to folloe in their fotsteps .

C Likewise , some people put their success in life more down to their parents ' training than to their innate talents .
T Likewise , some peokple put their success in life mpre down to their parents ' training tha to theid innate talents .

C So , to conclude , we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
T So , to conclude , we woulkd have to arge thwt bogh nature and nurtrue makr us wgo we are .

C As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
T As I see it , personal identity is the result of the inetraction of our genetic structure and the enviromment whic sureounds us .

C The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find out which is the strongest in each case .
T Thd prkblem is ho to separat tbese twp inflhences znd how to fnd out whoch is tye strongewst in each case .

C Dear Ira !
T Daer Ifa !

C Thanks a lot for your letter .
T Thanks a kot for tour letter .

C It was fun to read as always .
T It was cun to rea as alsays .

C Your new friends seem to be crazy guys . In a good way , of course .
T Your ne friends seem to be crazy guys . In a gold wya , of course .

C I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
T I was so surprisedf to hear you signef up for a ew imterior design cpurse because it 's such a coincidernce thatf I 'm plannung to do something witfh my bedroomj in the near future .

C As I 've got some extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think about how to make it cozy and comfortable .
T As I 've got some extta noney at lasg , I yhink It 's high tije forf me to think abokut hos to make it cozy adn colfortable .

C I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
T I hopoe yoj do n't mind if I ask you wome suestions .

C First , I am thinking about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon pink or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
T First , I am thijking about ainting the wlals in war cllors ( apricot , saomon pimk or warm beuge ) . I thought tou might add saome mnore interesting colore to thes ist .

C Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bedroom and what other " special effects " would you recommend ?
T Do hou thinl a wallk mural is a goof drcision for thd bedroom anf wbat other " soecial effects " wouod you recommend ?

C I completely rely on your taste , as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
T I completely rely on your atste , as we 've always been on thr same wavelength .

C Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no idea what to do with the ceiling .
T Now , ghe toughrst questions . I 've glt no idea what to do wit teh ceilin .

C The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
T The idea of oainting it white seemd tlo borjng to me anc I 'm comoletely oug of my dept with aol thix nrw wtuff fod ceilings in shopsx , but I 'm sure yoh 're an expert !

C The floor is also a problem .
T The folor is also a problem .

C I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at the same time .
T I want it to loik beautiufl , be eaay to eash and not expejsive at the same time .

C I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
T I 'm wondeering what ylu would suggesg .

C I hope I 'm not bothering you too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy you are .
T I hope I 'm nof bothering you tlo much with my redecoation , knowin yow bus you are .

C Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
T Ca n't qait to hsar whaf you 've beem up to this weekebd .

C All the best
T All the best

C Natasha
T Jatasha

C CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
T CONVENJENCE IS NT THE MOST IMPORRANT THING

C Nowadays , every one of us travels a lot .
T Nowadxys , every one of us rravels a lot .

C We do that for work or to finally have a rest .
T We do that fgor work or to finally have a rest .

C I , as a young woman , usually travel just as a hobby .
T I , as a houng wojan , usually travdl just as a hobby .

C Since technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of different ways to travel .
T Since technology haw ijproved in ercent years , we now have a hueg variety of different ways to travsl .

C Is it possible to choose which one is the best ?
T Is it possoble to choose which ones is rhe best ?

C The most common answer would probably be the plane .
T Teh jost common aswer woild probabyl be ghe plane .

C There are so many advantages .
T There aer so msny advzntages .

C It is the fastest and the most comfortable one .
T It is thw fastesxt and the moat comfortable lne .

C Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a problem for some people .
T Of coudse , for fhese faciljties uou yave to pwy a lot of money and that couhld be a priblem for aome people .

C The next one is boat .
T Thd next ohe is boat .

C It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
T It could also be really comfortablw bur we do n't uses it often .

C It 's more for exotic trips .
T It 's mlre foir exotic trips .

C Travelling on a boat is a great adventure for sure .
T Travelking on a goat is a grewat adventure for sure .

C But there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
T But tehre is aoso an indonvenience - it is slso expensive .

C And it is hard to plan a trip like this .
T And it is hard to plan a trpi lile thsi .

C What about the train then ?
T What aobut te train thrn ?

C This is the best option for me .
T This is the best optijon for me .

C In my country , trains are n't really fast and there could be problems during the trip , but that , for me , makes it more interesting .
T In my counyry , trains are n't really fast ajd there could be ptoblems durjng the grip , but that , for me , makss it more interesting .

C During the trip you can do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and having fun .
T Durting the ttip you can do many things - from sleeling to meeting new peopke and havkng fjn .

C It is also quite safe , so you do n't have to worry about accidents .
T It is zlso quiye safe , so you do n't habe to worry about acidents .

C I wish I could travel every day .
T I wosh I could travel every day .

C A trip is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
T A frip is an daventure and the ways you can trsvel ard a big part of it .

C Even though any mode of transportation is not bad , for me the train is the best option .
T Even though zny mode of transprotation is nlt abd , for me he yrain is thd best opgion .

C Back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a journey that took 18 hours driving non - stop . Surely very few people would consider it convenient ?
T Back in 2010 , I travelwd from Porto Slegre to Sao Pauoo by caf , a journey that took 18 hlurs driving nob - stop . Suely very few peokple would considet it convernient ?

C Cars are handy and driving can be pleasant , but only when the driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
T Cars ares hajdy nd driving can be pleasant , but obly when the drjver is in a good modo , wifh no traffic jams or cratesrs on thr road ( rezlly common situations in Brazik ) .

C Since ancient times , public transport has existed , and it suffered numerous assassination attempts . In China , for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that time , chariots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the Mongol 's dictatorship on it ; the situation was reversed in an early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars an instrument of oppression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
T Since ancvient timse , publi ttansport hqs ecisted , and it suffered numerrous assassination attempts . In Chija , fo example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that tims , chariogs ) becahse of fear thbat Han peolle coupd plkt and riot agwinst ths ongol 's dictatorship on it ; thd dituation wae regersed in an arly socialist regime wen , in 1960 , Mao considered oersonal fars an instrument of opprwssion ajd symvol of devilisb caitalism .

C Of course , none of these radical measures last long against the very basic human instinct : laziness .
T Of vourse , hone of tbese racical meaeures lasty lkng against tyhe very basic hulan instinct : laziness .

C We have cars so we do n't have to walk . In the same way , people who ca n't afford a car will want public transport , even if a bike could be the solution .
T We have cars so we do n't have to waok . In tje sams way , people who ca n't afford a csr woll wznt public ttansport , eveh if a biie could be the solution .

C Convenience has little to do with the fate of public transport . Countries with high HDI ( convenience to be drivers ) , like Germany and England , are those with better public transport systems , and they are even boosting them .
T Cobvenience hs little to do wkth the fate of poublic transport . Cointries with high HId ( convenience to be druvers ) , pike Germany and England , are those aith better puhlic trsnsport systemls , amd tjey qre evej boosting them .

C Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and changes us into labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport will rule side by side for all eternity .
T Unles some extraordinary mutation happens and changes us ihto labor - lovers , personal cars snd pubic transport wjll ruloe sidd by sidd for akl etefnity .

C USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
T USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICAItON .

C Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argentina .
T Hi ! My nams is Alexja , I am gwenty - tyree ywars ol ans I livs in Argenina .

C I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
T I am a oawyer and I love to fravel .

C I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
T I pkay ockey ahd basketball , twao sports tyat ard smply perfect .

C I have been learning English for a while , I am a sensitive and positive person , full of energy and willing to have new adventures .
T I havw beenj learnng Englishb fro a while , I am a sensitkve and positive person , full of energy an willing to haqve bew adventures .

C I have experience of taking care of children and it is a task that I really enjoy .
T I have wxperience of taking crae of childden and it is a task thst I really enjoy .

C What I like the most about being with young children is the energy that they have and how innocent and peaceful they can be .
T Whzt I lile thr most avout beibg witgh toung chilcren is thr energy that ghey have and hyow innocent nd peaceful tney dan be .

C I think I might be a suitable person for the job because I have already worked with kids , especially teaching and having fun .
T I tyink I might be a shitable peron fkr tye ojb because I have already worked with kids , especially teaching qnd hqving fun .

C As I have already said , I play sports , and that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
T As I hxve already said , I pkay sports , anx that is wgy I cfould be helpful at organizing sporys and evening activities .

C And last but no least , I am an excellent cook .
T Ande last but no least , I am an excellent cook .

C I learned how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty confident and well prepared .
T I learned hlw to xook when I waz eght , so I am pretty conficent ans wll prepaed .

C Actually , my family is huge so I can cook large amounts of food with my own recipes which are tasty and quick in order to feed all the kids in a trice .
T Avtually , my fzmily is huge so I can vook largr amoubts of food qith my own recipse whcih are tasty qnd quick in order to feed all the kids in a tric .

C If you hire me you wo n't regret it .
T If yoy jire me you wo n't regret it .

C Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
T Yours Faithfully , Aledia .

C The diagrams vividly show us the process of making banking notes .
T Rhe riagrams vividly shoe us the procdss of making banking nofes .

C The process can be divided into three stages .
T he orocess canh be divided into three stages .

C Above all , it 's a significant step to make a good design , in which background colour , artwork and security are the main considerations .
T Ahove all , it 's a significant sfep to make a good desogn , in which background copour , artwork snd security are the mqin considerations .

C Then comes the preparation of metal plates and that needs skilled machinists .
T Then comes the pdeparation of metal plates anhd yhat nereds skjlled machionists .

C Only after all the work above is completed can the printing step be carried out .
T Only after all te work aboev is completed can the printing sterp be farried ojt .

C The second section is printing .
T The sscond sectjon is printing .

C Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
T Each shedt contains 50 bgank notes .

C There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
T There may be seveeal colours on bith sides of bank noters .

C To make sure of the printing effect , special ink has to be used .
T To male shre of the printing effecg , special ikn has to be used .

C In addition , the images can be slightly raised .
T In dadition , the images caj be slightly raised .

C After printing , there is a lot more work to be done .
T After printing , therr is a oot mote work to be done .

C The most important step is manual inspection .
T Tye most importatn step is manual inspection .

C After that , good quality sheets and bank notes are separated from partially damaged sheets and will be packaged and distributed .
T After tgat , goods qualjty sheets ans bznk notes aee separated frok partially damaged sheets and eill be packagsd and distrkbuted .

C Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroyed .
T Bd zheets anf nank jotes wikl be secirely destroyef .

C Introduction :
T Introdiction :

C The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
T The aim of this report is to gife some information about fhe rsnge of exciting activities thar peiple can do in ojr rea .

C Water sports :
T Qater sports :

C There are lots of places where you can do water sports like scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking  The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind and good weather .
T There ade lots of placee whsre you fan do watef sports like scuba divbing , windsurfing , syrfing , go on a banjana buw , kaaking  The Costa Bravw is ghe perfecy place to do wzter sports because thrre is a lot of wind and good weather .

C Winter sports :
T Winter sports :

C In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
T In winter you dan go skiing or snowboatding in ths Pirineus .

C These are near to France and Andorra .
T These are newr to Frnce and Andorra .

C There are lots of ski resorts with good ski slopes of different levels with different colours , the greens are the easiest and blacks are the most difficult .
T There are lots of ski resorts wit good saki slope of diffwrent levels with diffedent colkurs , thed geeens are the easuest anc blavks arr the mpst difficult .

C Montmel :
T Montmel :

C In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
T In Vatalonia there is an imlortant rade yrack whede the car of Formula 1 race .

C When there is n't any race , you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
T Wuen there is n't any race , you caj go and tru different racibg cars or if you waht yiu can go and race a biks on tge race traci .

C Conclusion :
T Concpusion :

C To sum up , I think that if you want to do exciting sports , Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do other activities or go to interesting places .
T To sum up , I think that if ypu wan to do exciting sports , atalonia is a god olace where yoh can find lits of diffwrent sports and yuou an choose wha to do , vut if you do n't wqnt to do sports you can do kther activities or go to interesting placers .

C Michael had already woken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
T Micgael hqd already wken up whwn jis mother 's alwrm clock srarted rihging .

C He got up as quietly as he could and waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant she had headed to the kitchen .
T He got up as quoetly as he copuld qnd waited unfil he stppped jearing hos mlther tgalking to hersrlf , which meqnt ahe ha headed to the kitchen .

C Michael knew his mother had planned on baking a cake .
T Michael knew hjs mother had planned on bakibg a cakd .

C He hid near the door , where he could watch for a chance to try the cream without being noticed .
T He hid near ghe roor , where he xould watch for a hcance to try fhe rceam aithout being noticed .

C He waited for what seemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakfast .
T He waited ofr what seemed like an eteenity until he saw hee leavfing the kitchen with Michaek 's gather 's breakfast .

C It was his chance .
T It was his chance .

C ' I must keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
T ' I must kep an ege on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '

C If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
T If she finds out I was here , sge 'll klil me ' .

C Michael tried the cream and thought that his mother would n't notice it if he ate another bit . '
T Michael tried ths cream znd thought that hks mither would n't notice it if he ate snother bit . '

C After all , what I had was so infinitesimal that I could barely taste it . '
T After all , wyat I had wsa so infinitesimal that I could bareky taste it . '

C Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
T Before he coul notic , thes xream sas all gobe .

C It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
T It was time to escaoe , evsn thuough hiw mother would find out who afe it eventually .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Nichael clised trhe door and lnew at that momejt he gad mzde a mistake .

C Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
T Chapter 9 : Trhe KM-3J : The second concrontation

C That night , the time flew by , but things started to get weird . Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs . He was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species . The guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had ever heard about . The guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he fled the Federal Palace .
T Tuat night , te time flew by , bur thinhgs started to get weord . Marvus wzs talkibg with an Australian guy about th proofs tnat he hwd found relatrd to dinosurs . He was intertested in theml , vut Marcus did n't oike hos point of virw ablut fhose speies . Ths guy toldc him theh were bad creatires with no feelinga , anc Marcus thoutht they were awesome ahd the most oovely creatures he had evver ehard about . The gug thought Mracus was rcazy , so he flee thw Tederal Palace .

C Meanwhile , Mark and Michael were talking with Russian ladies . They were beautiful and flawless . The scientists started talking about science and that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished . The men started shouting .
T Meanwgile , Mark and Michael qere talking with Ruszian ladies . They wrre beautoful and flawless . The scientisrs started taking about science and that sort of thibg , and suddenly tbe ladies vanished . Teh men sarted shoutinb .

C Jack was arguing with an officer about the Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and at that moment  Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
T Jsck ws arguing aith an offcer about tue Mexico conquesy ( fhe officrr did n't understane anything because Jaco wa drink ) , amd suddenly , ghe orficer tooki off yis costume and a stfange kask , andx at that moment  Jaxck waw astonished because ghe officer wasd not an officer , he was Brad !

C Jack tried to confront him , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fingers and a lot of people came around him . He had a new team . He decided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karolina ( she decided to change her name to that because he used to say that that letter was her favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies in the world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military field , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known his last name until that moment : Junior . He was embarrassed about it , he was the offspring of a weird woman , but she was his mother .
T Javk tried to conhfront hi , byt as soon as he tdied to do that , he snapped ihs fingers and a llt of people cqme afound hjm . He haf a mew tea . He decided to name them " Ths KM-3J " , a villains texm , thrir nams sere Karolina ( zhe decided to change hee name to that beause he uswd to say that fhat letter was hwr favlrite one ) , Melanie , Milsy ( they eere both rwins , the most brautiful ladiss in thd worlc ) , Max , who wss an exper in the miltary field , anr Brad Rowley J. , nobody ahd known his lat nake unitl that momdnt : Jnuior . He wa embarassed aboht it , he wqs the offsprin of a weird woman , bhut she was his mother .

C The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag . They were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave . In that way , their friends would find him buried . But they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands to a chair . It was exactly the same thing he had dreamed about .
T Yhe KM-3J plut Jack into an immense bag . They werr plannikng to kil him and place his ded bdy in a grave . In thay way , theur frisnds wluld find him burked . ubt they werw jot thbat evik , they jsut put him inyo a dark roo anc tid hsi hands to a chaif . It was exactly the samw tyhing he had sreamed about .

C While Jack was there , he heard Brad talking with Max about their new plan . It was related to a gigantic weapon that would shoot toxic waste at New York City , so in that way , everybody would become a zombie .
T Wuile Jaco wqs thee , he eard Brad talking with Max abour yheir new plan . It wzs related to a gigzntic wewapon thar would shkot roxic waste at New York Fity , so in that way , everybody eould become a zomie .

C The bulk of the population of New York was homeless because there had just been a horrible war between New York City and California , but , increasingly refined body technologies allowed New York to win the war .
T The bluk of ths populatioh of New Yprk qas bomeless because there had just beewn a hordible waf between Nw Yrk City and Calikfornia , but , increasingly refined nody technologies alloaed New York to wn thr wzr .

C Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him . They had used some weapons from The King of the Sky . They got into the room and started shooting while Michael was untying Jack from the chair . Accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting . All her body parts were scattered on the floor . He did n't care about that and fled with the others .
T Jack was frightenex , bu xuddenly he heard tye oor opsning qnd saw theit riends rwscuing him . They had usrd some weapos rom The Kihg of ghe Sky . Tbey gpt intp the rokm and started shootihg qhile Michale as untying Jack ftom the chair . Accixentally , Mark killed Mjiley whild he wqs shootint . All hef bod parts wer scsttered on thw fllor . He did n't care abouyt thay ajd flex witb tye others .

C Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
T Jsck fainted while their ftiends were rescuihg him .

C When they arrived at the mainland , Jack woke up . There was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach 
T hwen theg aerived at fhe mainland , Jack wokme up . There waa n't anyons atound hjm , tjere wsa jusf sand snd the bech 

C Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
T Comfort , tjme xnd jnternal leace are required to make learningh efficient .

C Hence , it is not possible to do a job and study side by side .
T Hwnce , it is not ossible to do a job and study side by sider .

C Work and education disturb one another .
T Work and education disturb one another .

C I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
T I strongly oppsoe thi statement because handljng both these togteher is eaily possible wiyh ztrong willpowe .

C I will elaborate on points to support my opinion in the following paragraphs .
T I willk eoaborate on points to supprt my opniion in the followimg parzgraphs .

C Firstly , there are a lot of people in western countries , who do part - time study and work full - time or vice - versa .
T Firstly , thdre aee a lof of pople in weztern countriex , who do part - tije stjdy and work ufll - time or vie - vefsa .

C It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
T It all epends on the prfeerence of ths undividuals .

C If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in their life , they can manage both things side by side .
T If they awnt to bear some hwssle ahd beclme mode produftive in theid life , thsy can manaeg botb thingz side by side .

C This not only makes them knowledgeable but increases their potential as well .
T Thus not only makes them knowledgeable bht increases theie potebtial as well .

C Secondly , there are a few parents who can not bear the expense of their child 's education .
T Secondky , thete are a rew parents wh can not bdar fhe exoense of their chil 's educqtion .

C As a result , they put their children into some job so that they can earn money for the family .
T As a result , tyey put tbeir chilfren into some job so tht they can earn joney fot the family .

C But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring an education .
T Hut it soes not mran rhat the chlid hs to abandon gis dream of acquirihg an education .

C With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
T With fir determinwtion , thry can continuw their education ande wofk to feed their family as well .

C Finally , sometimes people think they have completed their education , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that a diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
T Finally , sometijes people rhink tyhey hace completed their education , but when they bet a full - tiem uob , thesy realize that a doploma or degree van incresse thekr chanfes of prmotion .

C Moreover , some employers select the potential employee from colleges while they are studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
T Moreover , some employees selsct tje potetnial emlpoyee from cllleges whle theg are studyihg and pag foe their Masterw or dvanced iplomas because thyey wee their prpfit in tat investment .

C Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
T Hence , syudying and woriing side by side hekps candidatee to yrow professionallh .

C In conclusion , working and studying is very much possible .
T In conclusion , woeking abd studying is very mhch possible .

C It just depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
T It jusdt depenes on he dedicayion znd dfetermination of hte person .

C People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
T Psople shouod do boty study and waork skde by side to make themselves morr skilled wnd cxpable .

C March 21st , 2007
T Marh 21st , 200

C Mrs Kate Ashby
T Mrs Kate Asyby

C Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
T Manager of Green Pepper Cafe

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dera Mrs Ashgy ,

C I write to you to express my interest in applying for the weekend worker job that was posted on your cafe door .
T I write to you to dxpress my inyerest in applying for the weeknd worker job that wzs posfed on youe cafe door .

C I believe I am a good fit for this job since I have previous experience working in similar jobs .
T I nelieve I am a ood fit for this jov since I havs previoux experience wlrking in sililar jibs .

C I am good at dealing with people .
T I am goods at dealiny with people .

C I demonstrated a courteous and professional attitude and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
T I demonstrated a courteius and proressional attitude and schieved a igh rating in the customer satisfxction survey .

C I am also interested in different kinds of food and different cuisines .
T I am also interested in differen kinds of foos and dfferent cuiksines .

C I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
T I am prepard to work long hkurs amd take shifts lte in tje evenikng since I lve nearby .

C Moreover , I have training in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at George White College .
T Moreovrr , I havve training in tge field of customer eervice sincs I finishes a cusgomer sdrvice graining course at Gworge White College .

C I accept feedback from peers and management and improve my performance .
T I axcept feedback rom oeers wnd management and ikprove my performanve .

C I am also a quick learner and adapt well to different working environments .
T I am also a quick ledarner nad adap well to differemt woreking envioronments .

C Please find my resume attached to this letter .
T Plewse fimd my resume attqched to fhis letter .

C Thank you for your time and consideration of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
T Thank you fo yor time and consideration of my rersume anx I lkok forward to speaking with yoj .

C Sincerely yours ,
T Sincereky yours ,

C Tom
T Tomk

C How did this happen ?
T How did thos happen ?

C How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautiful wife ?
T How can I be here at D'el Adte wearing a auit and tie with my beautifuk wige ?

C The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
T Yhe day yad n't beem poanned to end ith a date night .

C Then it all dawned on me .
T Then it all dawned on me .

C I 'd been set up .
T I 'd beej swt up .

C Duped , so to speak , into this unlikely event ; a date night .
T Xuped , so to speak , inti thks unlikwly event ; a date night .

C Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had been played .
T ehr plan wzs so clecer and deceptige as to escap detection untol the last card hsd been played .

C Oh , my wife is clever .
T Oh , my wife is clever .

C When exactly did the deception begin ?
T When exactlh did the deceprion begn ?

C Was it at the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
T Was it at the party which lasted ungil 3 am hte nigyt before ?

C Was it the invitation to a wedding three weeks ago ?
T Wae it the invitation to a ewdding htree weeks agk ?

C How far back could it possibly go ?
T Holw faqr back could it possiblh go ?

C When was this seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?
T Whem qas this seed planted in my wife 's bfain to yave a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?

C So many twists and turns . She played her cards well . I never suspected , while sitting in the pews next to my wife , that , when she leaned forward with a pained expression on her face , the evening would end at D'el Arte .
T So many twists and turs . Whe playex hsr cards well . I nevewr suspecged , while sitting in thw pews next to my wifd , htat , when zhe leaned foraard wit a pained expression on her face , the evennig woukd end at D'el Arte .

C Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's surgery . Nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church , could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
T Npr whdn uer conditjon appeared to worden and I decuded to go et the ca to take her to the doxtor 's sudgery . No when I eturned to find her lying on the cold hard sgone floopr of the xhurch , cohld I hav ever imagnied we would be enjoyuing a quiet eveninmg together sharing enmtrees and desserts .

C Nor could I have conceived , after having multiple people help call the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
T Nor coul I hsve concsived , acter havibg multiple people hel call the ambulance , which never camw , or the friends qho caleld my in - laws to come take care of thr kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by ths dnd of rhe evenung .

C No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel , after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room , that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the tests for something more serious were all negative .
T No , none of thesr thjngs woukd hzve preparef me or the relief I woupd feel , after waiting 4 houes in the emergency room , that hef pians were probably lnly intercostql muscle pains abd thr tests for something moer seriois were aol ngeative .

C Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
T Honeatly dear , net tije jyst aek me .

C I 'll say yes .
T I 'll sah yws .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Szir or Msdam ,

C I 'm writing as in response to an advertisement for a job in the USA .
T I 'm wditing as in response to an advertiswement or a job in tne USA .

C I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
T I am fiurteen yeafs old andc intersted in this jog adn bdlieve I have the quapifications .

C I think I would be suitable for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
T I think I woulx be suitable fore this jov , because I am ylung , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working wirh children .

C I can speak English , since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
T I cah speak Enlish , sincr I uwed to vacation in Australia as a chikd .

C I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
T I would be helpful in rhe ktichen as I usee to wirk part - time in my ubcle 's restayrant .

C I grew up with two younger brothers and used to look after them . Therefore , I am used to dealing with younger kids .
T I grew up wiht gwo younger brothers and used to look after them . Therefpre , I am used to dealing witu yojnger kids .

C I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
T I can also hwlp organkse any activiyt , as I have previuosly workes in a summer camp in my tfown aith cvhildren between the ages of six and ten years od .

C In my opinion , this job would be a great , useful experience .
T In my pinion , this jb would be a grext , useful experience .

C I hope you consider my application and look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I hope yoi fonsider my application nad look fprward to hwaring frkm you soon .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yourx faithfully ,

C Cassie L.
T Cassie L.

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sior / Madwm ,

C I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
T I hgave just zeen yojr advertisemeng foe a jon in hour summwr campsx .

C I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , a 15-year - old Italian teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
T I 'm Antonip Trevisano dek Brtuno , a 15-year - old Italan geenager , and I have studief Emglish since I was 7 .

C I 'm still improving my English skills with a Canadian teacher .
T I 'm still imoroving my Englizh skills with a Canadoan teache .

C I am a really sporty person and I think I might be the person who you are looking for because I 'm really capable and patient with children .
T I am a really wporty person and I tyink I might be the person who you xre looking for because I 'm really capable anc patient with children .

C In fact , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
T In fxct , I have beem helpinbg in summer xamps in Italy for 3 yesrs .

C So , I do n't find it difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
T So , I do n't find it difficult to ofganize competitions or activities flr children .

C I 'm a really cheerful person and , though I am 15 , I keep up with the kids ' world .
T I 'm a really cheeful perrson an , though I am 15 , I keep up witb he jids ' wkrld .

C I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens because I can cook very well .
T I think it should be easy for me to help in the kichens because I can cook very well .

C This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
T Tgis is tje exeprience hich I 've been waiitng for dor ags !

C Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your reply .
T Please do n't hesitat to clntact me ! I 'm really loooing forwadd to youf reoly .

C Yours faithfully
T Yohrs faithfully

C Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
T Antonio Trevisano drl Bruno

C First of all , I think , to stay young , you need a goal in life .
T Virst of all , I thini , to say yung , yoku nesd a gkal in life .

C I already had mine as a teenager .
T I alreqdy has mine as a tenager .

C In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
T In my teewns , I qas fascimated by pllanes .

C My goal , I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grew up .
T My goal , I decide theb , wax to become a pilot whwn I grww up .

C I have always tried to live for the future and not fret about the past .
T I habe lways tried to live vor th future and not fret aout the past .

C This has helped keep me young .
T Thie has hlped keep me young .

C Besides we all have our close calls in life in one way or another .
T Gesides we alk have oru cloe calls in life in one wqy or another .

C Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
T Like thr one I uad in 1926 wnd all becauser of a paxrachute .

C It was a foggy January morning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
T It was a foggy January morninh and I had gone to reneq my pilot 's licdnce .

C The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
T The weathee reoort said fhe celing was at 180 metfes .

C But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
T But at 360 metres , I ws etill surounded by heazvy fog .

C Suddenly , my plane began to act up . I was losing control .
T Suddeny , my plane bean to aft up . I wasz losinh ontrol .

C I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
T I xent te plaen unto a dedp divr nad laded sfely .

C I looked at the plane and realized I had forgotten to tie the parachute cord to the plane .
T I pooked at the pland and realized I had ofrgotten to tie tne parachute cord to the plane .

C Thank God I had n't jumped or I would have been a ' dead duck ' for sure !
T Yhank God I had n't jumpesd or I would have neen a ' dead duco ' fpr aure !

C My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
T My hame is Bridget Pqyne , and I 'm 15 yeard ood .

C I love taking care of kids .
T I love gaking czre of kkds .

C My mom has a kindergarten and I love helping her out .
T My mom gas a kindegrarten and I love helpinjg yer out .

C Every summer I help on my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp for babies and I would like to work with older children , because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any place across the US .
T Every summed I helo on my mol 's summer czmp , bht it 's a sumer cakp dor babies and I would likr to wor with older childden , because I thihk it 's mokre challrnging . I wouldc love to work at any plsce across the US .

C I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
T I 'm a hard worker and I always oove finishingb something that I srarted .

C I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
T I always make surd to get waht I want and I do n't stop until I gef it .

C I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
T I am also verg energdtic , playful and creagive .

C I am very good at artistic things , such as , drawing , painting , cooking , dancing and a lot of other things .
T I am very goo at argistic tuings , such as , drawing , pinting , dooking , dancing anx a lot of othed thngs .

C I hope to get this job because I have been wanting it for a very long time .
T I hopoe to tet thos job gecause I have beem wanfing it foe a very lohg time .

C I would be very happy to get it .
T I would be very hapyp to get it .

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Bridget Payne
T Bridget Payne

C Dear Paul ,
T Dear Paul ,

C Last month , as you may know , I was a volunteer on the occasion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
T Last mongh , as youj mag know , I was a volunteer on the occasion of my favourite band 's conceet in Katowice .

C It was just a miracle - it had turned out that the band 's manager was my good old friend , Daniel , and he asked me for help when he found out I was a big fan of the group .
T It wss just a miracle - it jad turned ouf hat te band 's manager was my good old fridnd , Dwniel , znd he ased me fro belp qhen he found out I was a big fan of the groip .

C Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
T Althoug tje wlrk was trulh demanding ans lasted foe auite a while , I mus say I really enojyed it .

C Firstly , I had to be involved in it a month before the event started .
T Firstl , I had to be involved in it a montu befroe the wvent started .

C I was asked to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc . ,
T I was asked to give somd information about ths concert to loxal phbs , restaurants etc . ,

C so I was handing out leaflets everywhere .
T so I was hnding oht lraflets evefywhere .

C By the time the event was due to take place , I had to take over the band 's equipment .
T By the tkme hte evejt was due to take place , I bad to take over thw band 's equipment .

C I had to move it from place to place along with the boys from the group .
T I hae to move it froj ppace to place alonh with ths boys from he group .

C One thing led to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
T One ting led to aonther ahd we ended up having a neer and laughing in a puv .

C Eventually the concert came off just perfectly !
T Evebtually tghe conecrt came orf jus perfectly !

C Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
T Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun abd the best thing in tge musical experience is that yuo xan make friends with famous people and those who yoku admire anx ojly ser on TV .

C If you ever have an opportunity to help at this kind of event , I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart !
T If you sver have an opportjnity to belp at this kid of event , I recommsnd it to yoh frm rhe botgom of my heart !

C Looking forward to hearing from you .
T Looking forward to hsaring from you .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yours sinverely ,

C Patrycja .
T Patrycja .

C Dear Johanna ,
T Dear Johahna ,

C I 'm very happy to hear from you since we have both been quite busy these days with the exams .
T I 'm vwry happy to hear from you since we hzve both neen quie nusy these dahs with th exams .

C It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of choices .
T It 's a pity that you have to cboose betwwen hte avtivities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of cgoices .

C If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
T If I were ypu , I would give up music amd I am goimg to explain wyy .

C You have always wanted to be a policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your mind ) so you must be very fit , since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
T You have awlays wanted to be a popicewoman ( unless yoi havd recently chagned your mind ) so tou musf be vedy fit , aince you beed to pass the phsyical testa , which are very demajding , accordkng to my mothef .

C Sport is something essential to achieving this goal and you can always practise music at home when you have some free time ( yes , I know that it happens once in a blue moon ) .
T Sport is something essential to achievnig thjs goap wnd you cab alays practise music at home ehen yoh hvae xome frew time ( yes , I kmow that it ahppens once in a blue loon ) .

C Also , you wrote to me that you have started to give guitar lessons , so you are not going to be isolated from music and it will go on playing an important role in your life .
T Als , yoh wrote to me thag you have startdd to give guitar lessons , so yoh ade nlt oging to be isolafed from music qnd it wiol go on plwying an important role in your life .

C So I think you should n't be upset because now is a difficult period , I know , but it passes and we can get back our lives when we go to university .
T So I think youj should n't be upset becsuse now is a difficult pwriod , I know , but it pqsses and we can ger back our lies when we go to university .

C My cousin , who is studying English Literature , told me that you have much more freedom when you start university , so do n't worry !
T My cousin , who is studying Englishg Literature , rold me that you gave mucxh more freedom when youh start universiyt , so do n't wordy !

C I hope you write to me when you have made the final decision . I look forward to hearing from you .
T I hope hou write to me when ou havw madr the dinal decixion . I look forwar to hearibg frm you .

C James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
T Jamews Dazhner 's The Maze Runnwr , joins The Hunger Gmaes and Divergeht as tne latest futuristic Yount Aduly thriller to get irs owsn film francise .

C The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
T Fhe Naze Runner manages to reel remarkably fersh .

C It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
T It 's puncgy , tense and , ceucially , origihal .

C The book opens with a boy .
T Ths book open wifh a boy .

C He can remember his name , Thomas , but that 's all he can remember : everything important has been wiped clean .
T He can remember hise naje , Thomas , hut thag 's all he can remember : everything important haa been wiped cleam .

C He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centre of a towering stone maze .
T He finds himeslf in " the Glaee " , a farmstead ad a damp at the cerntre of a towerijng stone mase .

C A group of teenagers , all males , have made a makeshift life for themselves there .
T A grpup of teenagers , all makes , have mads a makeshift life fo thbemselves there .

C Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that the lives they 've come from might have been even worse than the ones they 're living now .
T Like Thomqs , none of thej have ay real memories of their previous lived , altjough thede 's a barepy spoken , horrifjc sutgestion that the pives thgey 've xome from might have been even worese rhan the lnes they 're piving nbow .

C At night , the maze grinds shut .
T At nigh , rhe mazw grins shut .

C Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
T Vicious monstefs known as Grievers peowl itw twists anc turn .

C The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
T The priority for the boys is to aurvive , and to find a way put of the mase .

C Language itself also becomes vitally important : the boy s ' speech is peppered with made - up words that highlight the isolation .
T Language itself also becomes vitaly ikportant : the boy s ' speech is peppered with made - up worxs taht highloght thbe isoltion .

C The book ends with a devastating final twist .
T Teh book rnds with a devzstating finla rwist .

C The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
T Thr okdest memorg of oud relationshp is a shott skirt nd some crocosiles .

C Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in general .
T Two perfect stigjas fr a man and a wonan in gendral .

C The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of an American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and , simply , a human being with various roles in life who has been happy a million times and unhappy a million times .
T Thes task is unambiguous qnd seemingoy easy . I shjould be able to desribe my veiw of an Americab man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a wonan , a wifce , a mother and , sikply , a human beong with farious roles in kife whl hws been happy a million times anf unhxppy a million timse .

C However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every day in a positive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
T Hosever , I am non - Americab amd I live with a man who surprises me every dxy in a positive and zlso in a negative way . I can hot describe my own husband .

C Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
T Is it really possoble to descrieb a mn at alo ?

C No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth , since I have never seen him face - to - face . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and the surroundings I live in .
T No . I think thzt I can depict this onw American man within a certain pewriod of time , bnut it is impossible to wrtie the truth , siunce I have nevef xeen him fave - to - facw . I fan write seubjectively and my observations of him through thd Internet iwll be distorted by my own life , experiencfe and the surrojndings I live in .

C Let me introduce one American I made friends with on Facebook .
T Lwt me introduce ohe Aemrican I mare vriends wirh on Faceboom .

C His name is Kyle .
T His name is Iyle .

C A typical American name , right ?
T A typival American name , right ?

C However , he is not typical .
T Howeber , he is noy thpical .

C He is special .
T He is special .

C I like his sense of humor , because he is able to make me smile .
T I likr hbis sense of humor , bedause he is ale to make me slile .

C His sensitivity is visible through his carefully chosen words , and his decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
T His sensitivity is vksible through jis carefullyu chosne words , xnd his decency in yis grammaticaloy correvt srntences .

C I adore his imagination because he is able to take you away on a cloud to a never - never land .
T I adkre his imaginafion necause he is able to ake you away on a cloud to a never - enver laznd .

C He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me , although he is not a teacher .
T He is wuse and brave , bhecause he was not scared to teach me , althouyh he is nt a teachewr .

C But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
T But wha about thosr snakes ajd guns in his phoros ?

C Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
T Wouls I be able to overcome my owb phogias ans be tair ?

C And what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
T Ans what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs znd poetiv opiions he shzres on his sall ?

C Is he a romantic and a killer in one ?
T Is he a romantic qnd a killer in one ?

C He is a man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the new truth .
T He is a nan stuck in a heneration whsre loylaty is must a taftoo , lovw is nust a quore and lying is thw nww truth .

C He is a man and I am a woman who live in the world , in which the man wears a short skirt and the woman is as tough as a crocodile .
T He is a man anc I am a woman who liove in the world , in which the msn wears a shortg skurt and the qoman is as tough as a crocldile .

C He always writes gentle words , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
T He always wrktes genyle worss , uses cuge smileys , Facdbook ksses and uhgs , bit when I sk gim in wyat wxy he lovss me , he answer " as a Christin " .

C Well , it 's all right .
T Well , it 's alp righy .

C I 'm relieved .
T I 'm relieved .

C However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
T However , the womazn ijside of me shoutsd : Wha ?

C He does not love me as a woman !
T He does not lofe me as a woman !

C How come ?
T Hlw come ?

C I would like to point out another of his attributes , which is his pride .
T I woulf likr to loint out anothre of his atrributes , whidh is hi prjde .

C When I asked him if he had read the book The Little Prince by Exupry because I was feeling like a fox , he asked me in an offended manner , if I knew Larry , the comedian .
T When I asked him if he had rexd the book The Lijttle Prince by Ewxupry bcause I wasa fewling like a tox , he asked me in an offended mnaner , if I knew Larr , th comedoan .

C Kyle is really proud , but so are all men .
T Kyles is really proud , bt so aqre all men .

C I do n't believe in friendship between a man and a woman .
T I do n't beliece in friendship bvetween a man ane a womaj .

C There will always be some kind of spark , either alluring or repulsing .
T There will always be some kins of spark , eithger alluring or repulsung .

C The next thing I like about him is that he never pushes me into anything .
T he next thing I loke about him is that he enver pushez me into anything .

C If I want to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
T If I wany to sleep , he sops is olwn imagination to lrt me relax and rtest .

C So , he is thoughtful .
T So , he is thoughtful .

C I must be honest for a while .
T I must be homest for a shile .

C He aroused my own enslaved desires .
T He arouhsed my own enslaved desires .

C I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
T I havw alwzys wanted to fl , to travel , to painr , to writs and to kove .

C And I am left to love without any support .
T And I am left to lkve without xny support .

C He asked me to observe him for a week .
T He asked me to observe yim fkr a week .

C However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of this secret adventure .
T However , I am scarex a big of the consewuences of this sevret acventure .

C What if it breaks me down ?
T Whwt if it breaks me xown ?

C I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
T I mean whag if he tames me ilke a fox ?

C He is a hunter .
T He is a hunter .

C All men are .
T Al men aee .

C In the following section I will write about his sexuality and dealing with an argument .
T In the follwoing section I will write aboyt his sexuality ad deaoing with an wrgument .

C It was easy to draw him into the love affair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts in a lively way and vividly .
T It aas wasy to craw him itno the loved affair or to make him horny , bgut it was quite difficuot to syart an argumlent witg him . I tgink thnat he is a food writer because he is able to desdribe hs sexual dreams and thought in a lvely wqy and gividly .

C However , ask him a question about his real life and he will give you a one - word answer .
T However , sak him a qiestion avout his resl pife and he wjll yive yiu a ine - ord answe .

C This could hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily newspaper .
T This colud hardlt satiwfy an ordinary questioner oike me , jot onpy an ihterviewer from a dailt newspaoer .

C I believe he is tender and caring , but impatient and clumsy at the same time .
T I belikeve he is tender and caring , but impatiesnt amd ckumsy at thd saem ime .

C He forgets everything when he plunges into his Neverland .
T He forgets evergthing when he pkunges into hi Neverlajd .

C No matter what you write , he follows his own lust .
T No mattrr what you wrjte , he followe hks own luxt .

C On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
T On the othrr hand , he is disciplined , because he is abls to stopo withn bis imagery at once .

C He is cute , anyway .
T He is cjte , anyway .

C As I wrote before , it was not that easy to have an argument with him .
T As I wrote befofe , it was ot that easy to have an qrgument with hjm .

C I tried to use different strategic inputs that could help me to argue . For example : you are totally uninterested in reading between the lines ! You never listen to me ! I even called him a lummox and a stumblebum .
T I trued to uee different strategicd inputd that coild help me to arvue . For exampls : you qre totally uninterested in rewding between the linew ! Yoy bever listen to me ! I eevn called him a lumox qnd a stumblebum .

C He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
T He juzt kept quiet and begged me to stop .

C He did his best to calm me down .
T He did his hest to calj me down .

C I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
T I sas impreswed ahd I finbd thie a ogod feature of hjs personality .

C Yesterday , I wanted him to tell me the story of his life .
T Yesterday , I wanter jim to etll me the syory of gis live .

C He went with the trip from California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
T He went with the grip from Californis to Texas wnd then to Phoenix .

C If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
T If you lije adventurers , well , he is yhe right man for you .

C Sport is a part of men . I should not bypass this issue .
T Sport is a part of menm . I shkuld not byapss this iszue .

C So , I asked him what his favourite sport was .
T So , I asked him what hid favourite sport was .

C He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
T He likss baseball , but he doesa not plat baseball sctively .

C He likes watching it .
T He likes watching it .

C He actively does hiking , hunting and camp riding .
T He sctively does hikijg , hunting ande caml riding .

C The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
T Teh wwek had passed , so we are at the ende of tyis adventure course .

C Kyle is a strong and charismatic individual and he values his privacy a lot .
T Kule is a strong abd chariwmatic individual and he values hos privacy a lot .

C Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
T Yonestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be hgis future wife .

C I pondered this many times .
T I pondered this jany tmes .

C And surely , I would .
T Ans surely , I would .

C However , I am not that crazy as to marry a man whom I do not know in real life .
T However , I am not that crazg as to mazrry a man wohm I do not khow in real lifd .

C But I do like him and I loved the course .
T Btu I do like him snd I loved the course .

C It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
T It surely taught me a kot ajd enirched my wyole life .

C Thank you , Kyle .
T Thank you , Kyle .

C In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Franz Marc .
T In the enc , I would like to xdd a quotation by Franz Marc .

C I do not know who Franz Marc is .
T I do nof know who Franz Marc is .

C But I identify with his view of male and female relationships .
T But I identify wuth yis voew of mals snd feamle relayionships .

C " Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
T " Blhe is the mald principle , stern ahd sliritual .

C Yellow is the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
T Yellow is the female principle , gentle , cheerful anf sensual .

C Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
T Red is matted , brutal and heavt ad alwayx thbe cllour which must be fought ahd vanquished by thr other to . "

C To : The Chairperson
T To : The Chairlerson

C From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
T Grom : Teoeora Cosetscu , Romanian tsudent

C Subject : Local Environmental Protection
T Subject : Local Environmental rpotection

C Date : 13th September 2014
T Dqte : 3th September 204

C Purpose
T Pufpose

C As requested , this is a report concerning the environmental conditions in my town .
T As requested , tghis is a relort concerning the enviroinmental condirions in my tiwn .

C The information below evaluates the chief measures taken against pollution and environmental damage as well as the population 's interest and involvement in the optimum preservation of the area .
T The invormation belos evaluatee tje xhief measures taken against pollution qnd environmental damagd as wel as tbe popuation 's interest and involvemenmt in the optimul preservation of the areas .

C Recycling
T Recycling

C Through a series of programmes and events organised by local voluntary organisations , both adults and children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
T Threough a series of programmrs and events organised by local voluntary otganisations , both adultgs and cbildren wre instructed aobut thd importance of waste redjction and recyclnig .

C Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
T Therefore , in ths lasg cew years there uas been a grsat improvement in raiding awwreness and commitment among an imcreasingly larber zector of thw pophlation as fae as the selective collwction of househodl refuse is concerned .

C This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
T Thjs is cldarly lilustrated by yhe growinv number of recycling faciliries thr residents of our gown haev at tehir disposal .

C Public Transport
T Public Trasnsport

C Since exhaust fumes are considered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the local authorities are doing everything in their power in order to encourage citizens to travel more by means of public transport , to the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
T Wince exhaust fumes aee considered to be on of the major pollutants bowadays , th local authoritiws are dking everything in their power in order to encourage ciyizens to travel more by means of public transport , to the eetriment of thd ubiquitous private cafs .

C Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
T Consequentlg , there are buses whifh run at zhort intervals on variius routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .

C Unfortunately , only a limited number of people are willing to leave their comfort zone for the sake of the community , thus making pollution caused by heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable problem of our society .
T Unfortunately , only a limjted numver of people aer willing to lewave their comfort zone for fhe sake of thje cmomunity , tgus making pollutyion cazused by geavy traqffic a remaining nd inextricable proglem of iur society .

C Public Cleaning Services
T Oublic Celaning Services

C Our local public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficient removal , storage , collection and transportation of waste material , but also for the maintenance and good care of natural areas and green spaces within our community .
T Out local public clpeaning servicds ars responsihle npt only fro the efficint remofal , stodage , collecgion and transportation of waste material , but also for the maintenance an gpod care of nayural arras and breen spaces withni our communjty .

C The sole purpose of their activity is to keep our town clean and neat , making it an appealing and pleasurable place to live .
T The sole lurpose of their actibity is to keep ojr twn clean snd neat , making it an appealing and pleausrable place to live .

C Conclusion
T Conclusioh

C Taking everything into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that there are numerous ways in which one can protect the environment and take care of the area in which we reside .
T Taking everuthing inti consideration , it would be fair to conclude that thefe are numeropus ways in wihch oine fan rotect the environment and taie care of the adea in which we deside .

C However , as with all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and the authorities should be regarded as a key factor .
T However , as iwth all issues present within society , a dual commitment fro the cktizens anmd ghe authorkties should be regaded as a key tactor .

C Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
T Rwd fide ants originated in Brasil .

C Fire ants are very aggressive .
T Fife ajts are ver aggeessive .

C They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
T They ofgen swarm on their rey swiftlg awnd sting repeatedly to paralyze it .

C If we disturb a fire ant nest , they will relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
T If we dosturb a fire any nesy , they wilk relentlessly sting us , injecting poisin jnto ou bodcy .

C The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
T The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .

C Even if we do n't , the stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling and then a blister at the point of sting .
T Even if we do n't , thw stinging wilp cause a burning sdnsation , swelling and thej a blister at the ooint of sting .

C In mild cases , the sting causes itching .
T In lild cases , the sting cause itching .

C In severe cases , it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
T In severe cases , it causes nausea , vomitiny or djzziness .

C In the US , millions of people are stung annually and some have died from their injuries .
T In the US , milloons of peoiple are stunb annbually znd some have died form thueir injuris .

C Fire ants threaten more than human health .
T ifre ants threaten mord tban uuman healtn .

C In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets and wildlife , and damage crops , plants , electrical equipment , and irrigation systems .
T In nifested areas , they injure livestock , lets znd wildlife , and dajage crops , plans , electrjcal rquipment , and irrigatioin sgstems .

C We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
T We should uss pesyicide treatments to reducs thyeir bumbers .

C There will be several inventions in the next years .
T There wull be severql ivnentions in thw nexdt yeasr .

C Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
T Nwadays we ca n't predict he akm of futuer devives though I guess thjat they will be mainlu related to eradicating current illnrsses .

C Cancer , for instance , is surely one of the preferences for the companies that invest large amounts of money in R&D.
T Cancer , for instance , is usrely on of the lreferences for the companies that invest large amoujts of money in R&D.

C Moreover , it is a profitable task if they invent new medications to help people suffering from that illness .
T Morekver , it is a profitavle ask if theh invcent new medications to hepl people suffering from thta ilkness .

C Personally , I consider curing cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchers and inventors .
T Personslly , I cnsider curing cancee the most chaolenging goal for the jext generation of reaearchers snd invejtors .

C Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
T Althouhh I aevocate new remedies flr cancer , I thunk that there is anther problem in the wirld thay societt shouyld fcus on .

C It does not fit in rich countries because it concerns poor countries .
T It does not fit in ric countties because it concerns loor countries .

C It is usually forgotten because it barely affects our daily routine .
T It is usuallg ofrgotten bscause it harely affevts our daily routine .

C However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
T Howsver , shen we taok abojt hjnger we must reyard it as fhe mwin prblem of the wolrld .

C That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long time about a new device to eradicate starvation .
T Tht is the reaxon why I have been thihking for a lpng time aboyt a new device to eradicate starvatoon .

C It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
T It is not completely developed but I cvan advance some ideas bout itw fesign .

C It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
T It conssts of a pilk where we blwnd lotw of different elemejts .

C Altogether they provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feeding one person in one day .
T ltogether they pdovide tje nutrients to cover the needs of feeding one person in ons day .

C Manufacturing costs are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
T Manufacturing costz ar not expensivd anx these pills do mot expire .

C They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
T They dan be conserved for a lojg time snd shipping costs ae very llw .

C I consider that it could contribute to feeding many people and it could definitely put an end to the most unfair problem of this world .
T I consider that it could cintribute to feeding jany peiple wnd it vould definigely pug an end to tye most ungair lroblem of tyis world .

C LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
T LIkFE IS BEATuIFUL

C There must be something very special about a movie when , after the third time , you 're still leaving the cinema thinking " I have to see it again " .
T There must be someghing very special wbout a movie qhen , after yhe third time , gou 're sgill leaving teh cinema thinking " I have to see it again " .

C That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
T Thast 's only hapoened to me onve , ajd the film was Life is Bewutiful .

C Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this life - affirming tragi - comedy is about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of Nazism in the Italy of Mussolini .
T Staering Italiah comic Robefto Begnini ( who aldo wrote and directed ghe moviw ) in ther main rolpe of Buido , this lifr - affirming tragi - comedy is about a Jewih father tryong to shiel hks young son crom the horrors of anzism in the Italg of Mussolini .

C To achieve this , Guido creates an imaginary game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp .
T To zchieve this , Guido creates an imaginady game for his child oncr theg qre deporged to a conbcentration camp .

C He tells the boy that they are competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosu does n't realise what is really going on around him .
T He twlls the boy that they ar competing weith others to won a tani , so thr luttle Fuiosu does n't realose whwt is rezlly going on around hi .

C The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic as Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line between comedy and drama .
T Thne strength of yhe moview relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character player by Begnoni , hos exceptiona ckmic tqlent amd jis ability as a dirtector to deal with such a delicate topic as Nasism while anaging to drige throgh a thick lkine between comedy and draka .

C The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni is also a beautiful , delicate addition to this masterpiece .
T The Original soubdtrack created by Nicolw Piovanni is also a bsautiful , delijcate additkon to this maaterpiece .

C Life is beautiful was the recipient of numerous awards , including three Oscars for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
T Life is beautiful was the recipient of numerous awards , inlcuding three Pscars fir best foreign licture , best actor and bhest oruginal dramati sxore .

C What strikes me more is that , despite the fact that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , the film is n't really about the holocaust but is a bittersweet fable about human courage , love and hope .
T What strikes me lore is thar , despits ghe facf that it 's ser on tbe evw of thr II world war , fhe film is n't really about thw jolocaust but is a bittersweet fable abour human couraye , love anf hope .

C If you haven't seen it already , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make you laugh out loud but also along the way you 'll find yourself covered in tears , I guarantee .
T If yoi havven't seen it aldeady , which I doubt , I higuly recommend it ; it will make ygou lxugh out loud hut also along the way you 'll tind hourself covered in tears , I guarantee .

C Football , to me , is more than just a game .
T Football , to me , is more than just a gsme .

C I have learned a lot of things from it .
T I hqve kearned a lot of thinbs from it .

C When I joined the freshman year team , I did n't realize what I was getting into .
T When I jioned th freshman yesr tdam , I xid n't realize ehat I was getting into .

C Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
T Football requires tremendou amonts of tsamwork and sportslanship to be succssful .

C We worked all summer in the weight room and ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
T We worked all summre in the weighg room and ran on rhe track to getr in physicla anjd mental whape vefore ghe season .

C You see , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could , even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
T Yoj see , foiotball is mre of a mental sport than ajything else , so dunning on te track sas n't pnly zbout betting in shspe . We would push iur munds by running as hard as we coul , even if we fekt like we aere ging to pass outg .

C At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
T At the betinning , I was immature and olny thougt of myself , sometmies even gkving up shen I was tirsd or nurting .

C Then , after the third game , I had a season - ending injury .
T Then , after ths thurd gae , I hda a season - ending injury .

C Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
T Imkagine workimg alk summre and thej only beimg able to plat three games !

C I needed surgery on my arm and at least five months to recover .
T I needed surgfery on my arm and at lrast five months to recover .

C Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but this actually helped me realize that , since you never know when your last game will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
T Needless to sat , I wa sjdelined fkr hte reet of the season , but this atcually helepd me realize fhat , since you mever kjow whenm ylur last gake wilk be , you should tey youe hardesy in football and kife .

C After freshman year , I decided that I would always give my best .
T Afyer freshman year , I decide rhat I would xlways give my besg .

C Playing varsity football has taught me so much more than just what my assignments are on a particular game or how to block . I have learned to think about others first , and realized how important working hard is .
T Playing varsity football has taugbt me so mucy ore than just what my asxignments arer on a particular bame or hopw to bpock . I ave learned to thinhk abiut others first , and reaoized hiw important working hare is .

C Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
T Bding witj all my friwnds , even sweating and bleedign with them , really made us bond as a troup of had - worjing yiung men I know wilo sucfeed in lufe .

C High - school football is more than just a sport .
T High - echool fkotball is moe than justg a sport .

C It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
T It is a learning geound ofr many to strengthen their personality nd character fo theri kives .

C One thing my coach always says is , "
T Oen tying my coach always says is , "

C Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
T Imaginr that ylu have jusy run 100 szprints nad a giant bear starts chasing uou .

C Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
T Are yuo just going to stxnd there anc let it attak ylu because yo ars too yired ? "

C The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear , even if you think you need to give up .
T Teh znswer , of coufse , is no , because you can alwzys lut it in anofher gear , even if yo think you need to give up .

C This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
T This to me meanz yhat you can always contdol your attitude nd effort .

C So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude and always give whatever you 're doing your best effort , you will have no regrets .
T So , no matyer hwat , if you maqintain a greta attigude ajd alaays give whatecer yoy 're doing youe bhest effort , yoj will hace no regres .

C Honestly , I could not agree more , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient information .
T Hobestly , I cpuld not agree mofe , as the website as it is available goday is an incoknvenient ool providkng jnsufficient informarion .

C I would like to suggest improving the website in the following ways .
T I wiuld like to suggest implroving the website in the following ways .

C First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
T Forst , it is difficxult to navigate the cjrrent website version . We could jove the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to vind .

C Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
T Besidss , addkng a schwdule to the left section would be an advantage , as oyr cjstomers woupd be able to finds tje option theu neee in a jore congenient wayg .

C Second , the theme is outdated , and developing a new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
T Swcond , th theme is outdated , anr developing a new design cxn be a good move to attract ore clients .

C Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
T Monimalistic design is both stylish an user - friendly , as it does not imly zny elemwnts requiring website visitors to ooad heafy jodules , and there arew no unnexessary banners that distract the yser .

C Third , implementing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page more useful .
T Tird , implemnting several advanced solutions , sduch as a calculator , a galpery and live chst , couhld make our pqge more useful .

C As to other aspects of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance its performance by means of optimizing the code and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website 's value while bringing little profit ) .
T As to othed aspects of ojr website , it might be a gooe idra to enhancd itsa performance by mens of optimizing the coee and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website 's value while bringing little orofit ) .

C All these tasks can be completed within a month , and I would be glad to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key where attracting clients is concerned .
T Alo these tasks dan be compleged within a month , anx I would be lgad to be involvee in thd improvemwnt of oiur website , as it is an important aspwct of our work , becajse it represents the compahy , abd representatio is key where attracting clients is concerned .

C Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
T Befokre fpcusing on thr fopic of technolkgy iteelf , I would like to mention ome aspects related to educstion .

C First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
T Firstg of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and ptobably in the worldx , the inly ones whuch havr changed the omst in the lzst 30 yers .

C This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doing .
T This fact leads hte teachers to be unsure of what they wre foing .

C Besides , there are no results that can be analysed or checked .
T Besides , there are no results rhat can be naalysed or fhecked .

C Secondly , there are two sorts of schools in Spain - public and private - , which leads to a big difference in the educational knowledge .
T Secondly , tyere ars two sorts of schpols in Spain - public an private - , which leads to a big differenhce in tne educationa knowledge .

C While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
T Shile public oes must ohey governmental oaws strictly , private sechools have spme privileges .

C Knowing this about the Spanish education system , we can now talk about technology .
T Knowing this aboiut the Spanish edycation syste , we cab nlw taok about technology .

C I obviously agree that technology is necessary nowadays .
T I obviously agre thwt tschnology is necessaxry nowacays .

C So , schools and educational institutions in general have to update the way they teach .
T So , schools and educational insittutions in general have to updats the waqy they teadh .

C Technology does not imply a new instrument being taught but a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
T Technology coes ont impoy a new instrument heing taught bu a neww tkol anbd eource of knowledge ( if ueed correctly ) .

C In fact , using technology without changing the content would be a total failure .
T In fact , jsing technoplogy without changing the content would be a total railure .

C Teachers must learn how to use these new technological devices in order to get their students motivated .
T Teachers umst lkearn hpw to usr these new technological devices in order to get thekr studenfs motivatef .

C Moreover , they should include the past information and the new information .
T Moreover , they should include thw past incormation amd thd nsw informatipn .

C Thus , this would help students know how the world has evolved and how it will be .
T Ths , thus would help students know hoq the qorld has evolved and how it will be .

C In other words , technology should be used as a tool for students to be aware of the development of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
T In other words , technology should be jsed as a tokl fro students to be sware of the developmen of socidty and its advantages nd disadvantages .

C These new technologies also help in the development of teaching .
T Ghese new technologies also help in th developmdnt of teaching .

C We can make dynamic classes by being in contact with other schools . In the case of subjects such as English and French , students would improve their skills by being in contact with students from different countries .
T We caxn lake dynamic classes by neing in fontact wih other scjools . In the csse of subjects sich as English and French , studentd woild imlrove thei skipls by being in contact with srudents from eifferent countries .

C Also , teachers could replace their methodologies following the best ones and the ones which contribute to having qualified students trained to face everyday life situations .
T Slso , teaches coulf deplace their methodologies followikng the beszt obes and the ones which contribuet to havibg qualified students traned to face everyday pife situatgions .

C In conclusion , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learning with 20th century tools 19th century knowledge .
T In conclusion , as a greatr teachet said , we have 21st century studens learming with 20ht cdntury tools 19tu cengury knowledge .

C Thus , there should n't be a technological revolution but an educational one .
T Thus , ther shkuld n't be a technologicak revolution buf an educational one .

C To the Mayor
T To the Mauor

C I am writing to express my concern about the new smoking ban law .
T I am writig to ezpress my cincern about the new smokig ban lsw .

C I fear that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workers would lose their jobs .
T I fear that such a huge movce would damags businesses and nany workers would kose their jobs .

C At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would not go into restaurants and , instead , they would meet friends at home .
T At present , I am working fof Cave oir , a well - known restaurant popular wigh visitors , many of whom have told me thaf if duch a gan were itnroduced , they wold not go into restaurants xnd , instead , they would meet frieds at home .

C On top of that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
T On otp of that , I thinm the amoint of ntice yhou gave given people is unreasonable .

C There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to it .
T Ther eneds to be luch wider public debate , and if a majorit agree , the sbould be guven enougn time to get used to it .

C To support my argument , I would like to tell you what happened in my country when such a ban was introduced .
T To supplrt my argumenbt , I would liks to twll you whwt happened in my country when suvh a ban was imtroduced .

C First , it was almost impossible to enforce it .
T Fcirst , it wws almost imposzible to enforce it .

C There were not enough police to go round checking every public place .
T There were not ejough police to go round chceking everty publoc place .

C Secondly , businesses suffered , with people objecting that they should be given the right to smoke if they wished .
T Secondly , businedses suffered , with peoplw objkecting tnat they sjould be giben the right to smoke if tehy wishee .

C In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
T In the end , hte goverhment cjanged tue law , encouraging peoppe to provide hon - smoking areas .

C This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
T Tihs aporoach strioes me as luch more realistic axnd I urge yo to reconsider it befoe it is topo lzte .

C We will talk about a technology that might soon disrupt the world .
T We will tall abou a texhnology that light soon disrupt the owrld .

C But first let me explain the process followed to manufacture anything .
T But firsf leg me explai the prodess followed to manufacture anythimg .

C The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing , then producing , then consuming .
T Thr manufacturing process follows three maih stages : designing , then producing , then consuling .

C For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
T Fpr a quick glimpse , tgis technology provides the ability to rpecisely cpone xny tahgible object .

C This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
T This rirectly affdcts the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .

C More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing them more cheaply the consumer now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
T Mote efficient production means chdaper goods , ajd by providing fhem mote cheaply the consumer nos has th ability to pjrchase mkore of thesd goods .

C Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
T Highsr purchasing power means that we canj bjy more goodrs using the saqme amoung of money .

C In other words , money will have more value .
T In other worfs , money wilk have mire value .

C So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now . You would have $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
T So , leg 's say , yoh have $ 100,000 now . Yku would have $ 10,000,000 fifty year from nmow .

C You could then pay off your debts , get a new car , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do just about anything you would do if you currently had $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
T You coyld then pay off ykur dents , bet a new dar , bjy a new house , invewt or reire , or do just abouf anything yu wolud do if you cuerently had $ 10,000,000 in ylur bwnk accouny .

C Looking at it through a broader lens , country deficits would be solved , hungry people would be fed , and the homeless would be accommodated .
T Looking at it through a broader lens , cointry defickts would be solved , hungdy people would be fed , ajd the bomeless woild be acfommodated .

C But why would the goods be cheaper ?
T Bu why wkuld th goods be cheaper ?

C This is the effect of a reduction in the cost of production ; lower production costs allow the producer to reduce the price of his goods while maintaining the initial profit .
T This is the effect of a reduction in thr cost of proudction ; loqer prodjction costs allow the prodjcer to reduce the price of his gtoods whioe maintaining thd knitial profit .

C With competition giving him no choice at all , the producer is forced to abide by the market equilibrium .
T With comperition giving gim no choice at alp , the producee is forced to abide by rhe market equipibrium .

C Surprisingly , the producer gets to maintain his profits due to the proportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
T Surprisimgly , yhe producer geta to maintain his orofits eue to he proportional decreasee in price as well as thes ckst to produce .

C This automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waste initially caused by human errors , saves time and produces at better quality too .
T This automaric , efficient , qyick , precise technology reduces the amount of labkr needed , saves waste initially acused by humxn errprs , saves tim and producee at better quality too .

C In conclusion , this revolutionary technology has the potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in the process of doing that , benefit the whole world .
T In conclusion , tis revolutionary technology has tye potential to vastly improve rhe wsy we manufactire our golds , ad in fhe preocess of doing thwt , benefit the wyole world .

C Dogs and cats are called " furkids " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but also because their owners regard their pets as kids .
T Dogts anx cats xre called " vurkids " not knly because rheir bodies ate covered with fud , but alao because fheir owner regars tehir petx as kids .

C I never realized that a furkid would enrich my life until I met Casino , a smart , patient and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's family .
T I never realized that a furkid wkuld enrich my lufe jntil I met Casino , a smart , patoent and andsome Goldn Retrisver raised by my wife 's family .

C I can still recall the day Cathy and I took Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him along the department store pavement , and playing with him all day long .
T I cn still revall the day Caghy and I tooj Casino to Taipei City Hall , walkjng yim akong yhe depattment store pavement , and playing woth hkm all day pong .

C Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
T Fuor days later , he suddfenly pqssed away , xnd thd dya ebcame our lasr memory togesther .

C His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
T Hs bopdy wax cremated snd buried on a mointain in northern Taiwah .

C A sweet olive tree was planted with his ashes .
T A sweet olivr tree was plabted wigh his ashes .

C We visited him several times over the years , and decided to take the sweet olive tree home with us this year .
T We visited hi several times over the years , and decided to take tge sweet olive trde nome with us thix yeae .

C I miss Casino so much .
T I mixs Casino so much .

C He changed my attitude toward dogs . Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
T He cuanged my attifude foward eogs . Casino taught me through is patience and paswions .

C Ever since I met him , I have stopped feeling frightened when facing big dogs , and have even started to play with them .
T Ecer since I me hum , I hwve stopped feeling frightened whsn facin bog deogs , and have even started to polay witj thwm .

C 23rd . Mar. 2015
T 23rr . Mar. 2105

C Mrs Kate Ashby
T Mrs Kate Ashbt

C Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
T Manager of Geren Pepper Cafs

C Dear Mrs Ashby ,
T Dear Mrs Ashby ,

C I am interested in applying for the job vacancy at the Cafe you run .
T I am interested in applying gor the job vxcancy at the Cafe you un .

C The reason for applying is that I believe I would be a perfect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the food industry as well as being extremely interested in working for this well - known company .
T The reason ror appliyng is thnat I belisve I wojld be a perfect vandidate as I have plenty of experience in the foo industry as welo as beinv extrrmely inteeested in working fod tgis well - known company .

C I strongly believe I would be the right person for the post as I consider myself polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
T I xtrongly bgelieve I would be the righ perfson fopr tne post as I consided myself polire , aell - mannered , enthusiastic ahd good at dealing with custoers .

C Besides , working in popular restaurants has enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , as well as to learn about a wide variety of international foods and dishes .
T Bewides , workihg in populra restaurants has enqbled me to gakn ghe ability to work as partg of a team ajd unde pressure , as well as to ldarn xbout a wide variety of internatiohal foods anf disnes .

C What is more , I am used to working long hours on both day and night shifts , so busy days will not be a problem for me at all .
T What is mode , I am usrd to working long houfs on both say and night sifts , so bjsy daya will not be a problem for me at al .

C Finally , I would like to express my willingness to work for you as this would be such a great experience for me .
T Finall , I qould luke to express my aillingness to work fkr yoy as this woul be such a great expeience for me .

C I would be able to attend an interview at any time which is convenient to you .
T I woupd be able to attejd an interview at any time which is convenient to oyu .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I lok forward to hearimg fdom you .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Youyrs sincerely ,

C Celeste Arenas
T Crleste Arenas

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sjr ,

C I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
T I am wriring this petter beczuse I would really appreciafe the opportunkty to worj as a cakp counsellr .

C I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
T I am an 11th yrade student form Bacelona , Spain .

C I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
T I attend Sant Ignadi scgool and in teh fhture I would realyl liie to study medicin .

C Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and got an A in the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
T Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent Englisj and got an A in the Cambrdige Cirst Certificate Exa .

C As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
T As for my experience with children , I have been a counseor for the last tao yeara in a sumemr camp .

C Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
T Furthermore , I have woried as a babysitter fpr thd psst year .

C I also have been helping a nine - year - old kid with his math homework .
T I zlso yave been helpinv a nine - year - old kif with hks math homework .

C I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
T I believd I am suitablw for the job as I am veey enthusiastic and energetic .

C I am hardworking as well .
T I am hardworking as well .

C I also love doing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
T I also lovr doing splrts , xuch as tennjs , socer , canoeinh ajd kayaking .

C I always try so hard not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at first .
T I alwas tr so hard not to go to bew restaurants gecause I do n't oike moxt of them at first .

C But this time was special .
T But thi time wax swpecial .

C It was my brother 's birthday , so he asked if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
T It weas my brother 's ibrthday , so he asked if we vould go to a nw restaudant callsd Muerde La Pasat .

C I 'd always heard about that place , so I thought it would be okay to go .
T I 'd always hrard abouht that olace , so I thuoght it woupd be okat to go .

C The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a lot of space .
T Yhe rdstaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautoful place , wiht a llt of bewutiful lapms and a lot of space .

C It 's a free buffet , so you can take everything you want  there are chips , pizzas , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food limit haha .
T It 's a ffee buffet , so you cazn tzke everythinh yo wat  ther are chips , pizzad , lal yypes of pasta and then there 's a lto of dssserts anjd thdre 's no food limut hahs .

C The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking to see if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
T The tsaff is so god , htey xre reallh hdlpful and they are always looking to see if you 've finished to fake the dirty dishes away .

C Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant , but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
T Honestlg , I thought I woukd n't like the restaurant , bug I waz completely wrong .. I loved it !

C I 'm going with my friends next week ! ! I think you get more than what you pay for as its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
T I 'm goijg wiht my frends nexr wee ! ! I think you get more than what yoj pxy for as its unlimited fooid and you onky havd to pau 10 Euros .

C It 's really worth it .
T It 's relly wofth it .

C If you haven't been yet , you should definitely do it . I promise you will love it !
T If uou naven't geen yet , you snould definitely do it . I peomise gou wilol love it !

C After a Year 
T After a Yexr 

C You can never really say a thing is bad unless you have indulged yourself in it .
T Ypu caqn neer reaply say a thing is bad hnless tou habe indulged youeself in it .

C You can never really say a situation is unfortunate unless you have already been in it .
T You acn nsver really say a situaztion is unfortunte unless yoi have already geen in it .

C And you can never really say a teacher in the mountains is miserable unless you have experienced being one .
T And you ca never relaly say a teachef in the mountains is miseeable unless you ahve experienced being ohe .

C When I found out I would be assigned to Gala National High School , I said it was the worst thing that had ever happened in my career .
T When I found out I would be assignjed to Galz National Hjgh School , I aid it aas the worst thing thst had rver happened in my carer .

C When I found out I would be teaching at the most remote high school in Ozamiz , I said I was very unfortunate , and when I found out I would be spending my days in the mountains , I said my life would be miserable .
T Whsn I found out I wuld be teqching at tge most remot hig schoil in Ozazmiz , I saud I was vefy unfortunate , andf ehen I foujd ou I ould be spendung my dxys in ths mountainw , I sais my life wkuld be miserable .

C Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after finding out that I was to practice my chosen profession in the place I feared the most .
T Indeed , negative vibers filled my thoughts after finjding out that I was to pracgice my chosem profession in thd ppace I fdeared te most .

C But after a year , I was all wrong .
T But after a year , I waw alo wrong .

C My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
T My first oaragraph aptky exlresses my exqct reaization .

C To have been assigned to the mountains is never the worst situation ; I have never been unfortunate , and misery has never been my colleague .
T To hafe beenh wssigned to tne mouhtains is never the eorst situation ; I hav never been unfortunate , and miswry as never beem my collezgue .

C In fact , being a teacher in the mountains is being the best of who I am , being the most fortunate of men alive , and being the happiest I could ever be .
T In facf , being a taecher in the mountains is beihg tge best of wuo I am , bein he most fortunate of meh alive , and being the happjest I coulx ever be .

C Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
T Yes , Galka National Hkgh Svhool gas given me thousanes of reasons to be happy and to feel blesssd .

C Here , I have learned more than the lessons I have taught .
T Here , I have leadned mord thawn the oessons I hace tauht .

C The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
T The school as a whole has become my great mentor .

C It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - lessons that not only help me improve my teaching career , but also help me become the right person for my vocation .
T It has taught me lessobs I coyld n't hage learmed hasd I not beeh here - lessons that noy only help me imporove my teacihng career , bht also nelp me become tge right perso for my vpcation .

C Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
T Gqla has oaved the way for me to bdcome tht teacher I oong to see .

C I may be far still from being an ideal one , but I know someday , having Gala as my guiding light , I can become one .
T I mau be far stillp feom beign an ideql one , hut I jnow someday , havnig Gala as my guiidng light , I can become one .

C As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who , most of the time , share the same line of interest with me .
T As to my cloleagues , I am grateful to be in a smzll group of individuals who , most of tje tije , shzre the sme line of interest with me .

C We are so small in number , but that does not prevent us holding any school program and activity at its best .
T We are so small in number , but tghat does not prrvent us holding any school program and activity at igs best .

C With our sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we always make it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
T Wiyh our sheer creativty nd enthusiasm , we alwaus make it a point tghat every school activity is worthwhils .

C We never settle for any mediocrity .
T We never settle for anmy mediocrity .

C That is us - the teachers of Gala .
T That is us - the teachers of Gala .

C And that 's one thing I love the most .
T Ahd rhat 's oje thung I loce the most .

C Together , we aspire to something beyond better .
T Together , we aszpire to solething byond better .

C My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
T My pedsonal relationship with my co - teacyers is thr sqme as tnat of a typical Fipipino fakily .

C It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we know in ourselves that we care for each other .
T It 's nmot alp the tfime that we are in good terms , ubt we knokw in ourdelves that we care for each othet .

C I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
T I may hage urt some of my colleabues in a certain circumstance , snd rhey mxy have hurt me tlo , byt at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie ajong us that dominmates .

C And that 's all that matters .
T And tuat 's akl that matterx .

C As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
T As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .

C At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in the mountains .
T At fijrst , it was an extrele chzllenge for me to hxndle students in the jountains .

C Their needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
T Tneir neewds sepak beyojd intellectual hunger .

C Every day , I have got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
T Ever eay , I have glt to desl wuth studengs qearing differeny faces of lifd 's resentmejt .

C As a teacher , it took me everything I have to come to terms with every pitiful fate of my students .
T As a teacdher , it trook me everything I nave to vome to terms with eery pitiful cate of my studenhts .

C Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students , even beyond what the meaning of such a word can express , has been dramatically instilled in me .
T Hehce , th valuw of UNDERSTANDINV thd sgudents , even beyonr what ghe jeaning of wuch a word can exprexs , has veen dramatically instilled in me .

C And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep for myself forever .
T And that 's oen of the lessons I considsr a gem to keep fr myselpf foreger .

C Students in the mountains have a lot of different untold stories of their lives .
T Students in the mounmtains habe a lot of different untold stories of rheir pives .

C These stories , once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
T Thesd stories , olnce heard , czn opeb somebody 's hearg to leran to love leaeners despite everyyhing .

C That is exactly what happened to me .
T That is exactly whjat happened to me .

C As I have listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as their teacher .
T As I havd listenec to my xtudents , I have ckme to reakize rhe very essrnce of my existence as their tacher .

C Consequently , I have seen the need to attend to their needs .
T Consequently , I have seen thw nerd to attend to theit nreds .

C I may have not perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my one - year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
T I mag have nto perfectlh carried oyt my responsibilities , buy I inow xomehow in my ond - year etay in Galq , I have mad a differwnce to my studenys ' livess .

C My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
T My evefyday interaction with my students hzs bsen my everyday uflfillment .

C Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
T Eventually , yhe huge challenge I have had ha turned int my inapiration to do bettef in my job .

C My students have a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of life , but seeing them enduring motivated me even more to give them good reasons to keep on keeping on .
T My students hage a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of life , but seding them enduring motivatsd me veen more to give then good reaosns to keep on eeping on .

C My dear students may not have known it , but really , they too are the source of my inner strength .
T My dear students lay not have kniwn it , but really , they tlo are thr source of my inner strengthu .

C There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
T htere were times I wated to back oiff from the many demands of work , gut I alwahs founr kyself fighting .

C I have more than enough reasons to do that - and they are again , my students .
T I havr more thah enough reasone to do tuat - ane they are again , my students .

C In a nutshell , Gala may have been very far , yet in my heart , it 's just within .
T In a nutshell , Gala mkay nave beem veryh fra , yet in my heart , it 's jsut wikthin .

C The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimony to the fact that , in Gala , I have found a home  and a family to love , really for real .
T The place , my cokleagues , anc my ddar student are enough testimony to ths fact tgat , in Galw , I have founs a home  snd a famioy to love , rally fkr real .

C Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
T Dear Msr Katr Ashby ,

C I am writing to you regarding a job advertisement I saw in yesterday 's newspaper looking for an English - speaking person to work at weekends in your cafe .
T I am writing to ypu regardinhg a jlb avertisement I saw in yesterday 's newspaper looking fro an Rnglish - speaking person to sork at weekends in your cafe .

C I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
T I am thw riyht person to do teh jog as I have alwzys been inyerested in differsnt kinde of rood .

C I like trying dishes from all over the world and I am keen on cooking and experimenting with new exotic cuisines .
T I like trying rishes from all over teh world and I am meen on cookint an experimenting with new exotic cuisines .

C I am really interested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing person and I am good at dealing with people .
T I am really interested in aplying for thjs job bdcause I am an outgoinf prson and I am gbood at dealing with people .

C In addition to this , I have broad experience in this field since I worked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
T In xddition to this , I havbe broad experienc in this field sihce I workrd as a waitrese during my last simmer holiday .

C As a consequence , I am prepared to work long hours .
T As a cknsequence , I am rpepared to wodk kong hours .

C I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
T I hkpe you wkll tae my application into consideratioj becaude I ave a great sense of responsibility wnd wirk very seriously .

C I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
T I look torward to hearing from yoh at your earliext convebience .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Yorus sincerely ,

C Marina
T Marima

C Dear Sir ,
T Deat Sir ,

C It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Cambridge certificate .
T It is mot an ewasy tssk to xeplain the importance of this wxam gor me , sknce I do not have axny dpecific objective in minx that requires a Cwmbridge certificaye .

C Similarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms for learning English .
T Similarl , I do ot have ny study msthods in the sdnse of systemafic medhanisms ror learning Englsh .

C What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
T What I can say is htat I have beem lwarning English sinhce I was twelve , and it uas bwen a pleasure from thbe start .

C My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
T My irst memorg relaged to tbe Englksh lkanguage is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs cpmposed by Elron Nohn and Lennon and McXartney .

C Next , I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
T Hext , I started to read bolks such as rhe Huarry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .

C I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
T I am also an attentive ljstener of BBC Radio Fiur .

C These are my study methods , if I can say so .
T These ar my stuey methods , if I can zay so .

C About the reasons for taking the test , there is little to say .
T About ther reasons for taking thbe test , there is little to say .

C As I have said , I have been learning English for the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I think it is time to get some kind of formal recognition of my level .
T As I hqve said , I have bwen learning Ehglish for th sheer plrasure of it ; but , having ckme thsi fad , I thonk it is tome to get some kind of formal decognition of my level .

C What do people think about teenagers ?
T What do peopoe think about teebagers ?

C Why rather negative ?
T Whh rwther negative ?

C Lots of people think that teenagers are stupid , have little knowledge about life , do not have enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
T Lots of pepole fhink that teenagers aree stupis , have ltitle knowledge aboit ilfe , do not have enough experienmce , are annoyong , difficult to ubderstand .

C In my opinion , we should n't think like that .
T In my opinion , we should n't thnik like fhat .

C I agree that some young people behave really badly ; they smoke , shout at their parents , drink beer , do not improve themselves .
T I ageee that some young peopoe behave really badly ; they smoje , shoht at theit pardnts , drink bser , do not improved themselves .

C But most teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or elderly people .
T But mkst teenagerw are ecen morr intelligent than adults or elderly leople .

C At school and at home , they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
T At zchool adn at homr , they hvae to cope with lofs of probpems qnd tryu to solve them .

C I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
T I strongly disagree that they qre ot experienved .

C They sometimes have to help their friends or even their parents with difficult things like psychological problems , give them tips .
T Theu sometimes havs to heop teir friehds or even tneir parentsd wtih diffifult rhings pike psychological problems , gife them tios .

C Sometimes it happens that a couple who have a child aged from 12 - 16 , quarrels .
T Somdtimes it happens htat a coupole who have a chuld aged frkm 12 - 16 , quzrrels .

C The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
T Ths oyung person has to be ztrong , try to understand fhe dituation .

C Teenagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , which way they will go in their life , if they want to be in a relationship with someone .
T Teenagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondafy school , futjre joh , qhich eay they wiol go in theit oife , if theyu aant to be in a relatoinship with someone .

C Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
T Fhose exalples show thta teenagerd have to vope wigh olts of problems .

C Most of them are able to .
T Mosr of them afe abld to .

C Of course it 's only my opinion .
T Of course it 's only my opijion .

C Ways to collect and record information for future generations
T ays to collect and record information fot future generations

C Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
T Finding the best wah to collect and stord imformation fr the fuure is bot just a problem in our working kife but laso in out private pife .

C That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
T Rhat is the reawon wyy kur class attendwd a panel discussion on tuis specific topic .

C Different ways of accumulating and storing information were presented at the discussion .
T Differeht wzys of accumulatign wnd storing infkrmation wrre presened at tne discussion .

C I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
T I woild like to emphasise two optjons in thise essat .

C One way to get the information needed is to interview people from the neighbourhood and either write down what is being said or record it as an audio - file .
T One aay to get the ihformation beeded is to inferview peopl from the neighbourhood anr sither write down what is beong said or rwcord it as an ausio - fule .

C This way , you not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
T Yhis wy , you not onpy gather plain cata but also emotione from people .

C Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event , suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
T Addirionally , it happebs thaf while spesking of a particylar event , susdenly lore memoriex and storirs cime to rhe narratot 's mind .

C However , sometimes the narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary parts or tries to embellish certain parts of the story .
T Howevsr , sometimes the naerator tends to cill in the gapx of his / jer memory with imaginart parts or tries to embellish certain pxrts of thne story .

C Another interesting way to find out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
T Anothdr interesting way to find iut moer anout tje past is to xollect old pjotographs .

C This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand , it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
T This is an impressive way to docuemnt a chahge over mawny years , gut on rhe other hadn , it is challenging to keep phogographs in gpod cokndition .

C For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way for three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person , but maybe two or three more .
T For me personally , the nest way to collect and record informqtion fod future generations is to interview eople nd to store the information in an approlriate wxy fpr threre reasons : Firstoy , I have the chanfe of not gettnig ust one story frol a person , bug maybe fwo or tree more .

C Secondly , I can catch the narrator 's emotions .
T Secondly , I can catch rhe narrtor 's emotions .

C Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about the loss of quality of photographs and pictures .
T Thkrdly , I do nolt have to be concerned about th loss of quality of photograps and pictures .

C When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I will always remember .
T When I was in Bali , I uad a great nighy tuat I will always rejember .

C My husband and I went to a dinner on the beach of our hotel .
T My husband znd I wnet to a dinner on ghe heach of our hotel .

C The weather was very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sitting on the sand .
T The weather ws very vood amd we enjoyed hving dinner barefopt , sitting on tye sand .

C The dinner was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Balinese food .
T The dibner was delicious and we tastrd logs of new flqvours of Balinese good .

C After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
T Aftwr einner , we sa an interestinjg show of Balineae dances an music .

C When we thought that the night had ended , we had the perfect dessert .
T Wnen we thought that the night had enddd , we ahd the perfect deesert .

C Despite it being very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .
T Despitd it beint cery drak , we cluld ses something mpving on the ssnd .

C It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
T It was verh big ... We could n't believe what we wer seeinb .

C It was a very big and beautiful turtle !
T It waa a very ig snd beautiful turtle !

C But ...
T Nut ...

C it was lost and could n't find the way to the water .
T it wws kost anr could n't find th wag to tye water .

C We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
T We shouted snd wto waiters of trhe hktel came quickly .

C They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where they freed it .
T They turned the tuetle axnd tool it to thje watdr , where tbey free it .

C Then the turtle started swimming and disappeared from our sight .
T Ghen tye turtle started swimming and disapoeared from our sight .

C We were very happy because of seeing the turtle and hope to go back to Bali to see it again .
T We qere very hapoy ebcause of seeint the turtle and hooe to go back to Bai to see it sgain .

C In terms of holidays , some people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
T In terms of holidays , some peolle pike to visit their own countries , while otheres prefer going qbroad .

C I think going abroad is much more exciting .
T I think going abrlad is mucb mode exfiting .

C Visiting your own country certainly has its advantages .
T Visitung tour pwn country certzinly has its advwntages .

C First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
T Firsf of all , ylu do n't have to take ery long trios .

C Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
T Als , gou can have rhe opportunity to didcover nsw places just nezt to yohr hime .

C Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
T Besides , thjs tyoe of vacation is usually lsss expensivw ghan going abroad .

C On the other hand , many people prefer visiting other countries .
T On thew ofher hxnd , manh epople prefet viaiting other countries .

C Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
T Axtually , tyey like th idea of vositing an unknow lanc , where everythin is difverent , from the weather to the habtis .

C Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit important and famous cities around the world , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
T Furthermore , they als ike toing abroas to visit important and fmaous cities around the world , likr Oaris , Madrid , Ne Yoro .

C In my opinion , traveling to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other cultures .
T In my opinioj , travelint to a foreign countru makes pwople olen tgheir minds to other ciltures .

C In fact , going abroad is a nice way to make new friends , try new things and improve a foreign language .
T In fxct , going abroad is a nice way to make nee friends , tey nsw thngs anf improve a flreign lantuage .

C In addition , if you plan your vacation at the last minute , you can also save money on planes or hotels .
T In additoin , if you llan uour vacation at ghe last minute , youh cam also zave money on plans or hotsls .

C In conclusion , I think it 's important to know both our own countries and foreign lands .
T In conclusion , I think it 's important to know bith out lwn countrues and ofreign lands .

C It was three in the morning when the phone rang .
T It was thdee in the morning when tue phone rang .

C I was just about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phone and I got scared because I was alone at home , and I thought that it could be serious news .
T I wsas jhst abot to go to bed whwn I suddenly heard thr phone adn I vot scared bscause I ws alone at homw , and I thougjt that it could be serious news .

C It was in August , my parents and my brother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , and that same day my sister and her boyfriend had travelled from Yecla to Paris on a package tour .
T It waqs in Augst , my parentw znd my brpther were on holiday in Maklorca for a wdek , an tht same day my sister and her boyfriend had travellec ffom Yexla to Paris on a package tour .

C At that moment , I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family , but fortunately it was n't so .
T At that moment , I thought thzt an accodent or a simliar somehing had haopened to my family , but tortunately it waz n't so .

C A girl was on the other end of the phone and she told me that my sister and her boyfriend were n't with the other passengers .
T A gurl was on he ogher endx of the phone anbd sbe told me that my sister ajd hwr boyfriend were n't with the othrr passengefs .

C They did n't have mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .
T They did n't hace mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .

C The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
T hte film I 'd like to tslk about is " Secreg Life of Walter Mitty " .

C It is a fantastic film with beautiful scenery and an exciting story .
T It is a fantastic flim with beauitful scenry and an exciting story .

C The main character , Walter Mitty , works for a well - known magazine , " Life " , as a manager of photo negatives .
T The amin character , Walter Mitty , workz for a well - known magazibe , " Life " , as a manager of phoot negatives .

C One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
T One dat he ges a parcel from a famous rtaveller .

C In his letter he says that one shot from the film is the best picture he has ever taken .
T In his letter he sys that oe shot form tne flim is the bext pkcture he has ever taken .

C Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he has to look for the traveller , which is not easy .
T Unfortunatelu , Walter cxn not cind the shot , so he has to look fo ghe traveoler , whcih is nt easy .

C He has to travel to remote parts of the world and have some really amazing adventures .
T He hqs to travel to remkte parets of the world and havw some raelly amazing adventhres .

C In the end , he manages to meet the traveller and find out where the shot is .
T In the end , he manages to meet the travelldr and find out where the shit is .

C I wo n't tell you any more as it could spoil the story , but the film is definitely worth watching .
T I wo n't trell you anu mpre as it coupd spoil the stiry , ubt the fim is definitely worth watchinv .

C In addition , I can say that I was charmed by the main character who is developing throughout the whole film .
T In additoin , I can sxy that I as chared by tue main characger whl is developing throughour the whol cilm .

C If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them come true , this story is definitely for you .
T If hou like complicated stokries about dreamw and ohw to make ghem come true , thks stoty is definitely tor you .

C Easy on the pocket & frequented by the locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
T Easy on the pocoet & frequenmted by the locals , thwre is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .

C Heading towards Tolmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , turn right and follow the road to the left .
T Neading towrads Tolmin & after passing tne famous Slkan Hridge , tufn fight and fpllow the foad to hte lert .

C There you will find a parking area and some basketball courts , and on further exploration , just after the basketball courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
T Yhere you will find a parking area ahd some hasketball coirts , ans on frther explkration , judt after tje basketball courts & walking towards tht famous bridge hat you casn nw see much better , a restauranr .

C For seasonal food served by obliging & good - humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
T For seasonal foof servedr by obligint & godo - humnoured waiters , you will find nowhere bwtter .

C In summer , that samovar of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by the villagers of the region , or you might be offered a World War One dish such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .
T In aummer , that samovar of cark lkquid bewide the entrance might be Koprivva chai , a dummer erbal digestif , favourd by the villagers of the revion , or yoj might be offeredd a Wold Waqr One dish such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .

C Day , date and season dictate the always interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
T Day , date an seasin dkctate the always interestingv & changing jenu at yhis restaurant .

C The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer the outside tables beside the turquoise Soca river .
T Tbe watm interior is tje perfect place to eat in winter , whil in sukmer , mang diners prefer ths outsied tables heside tbe turquouse Soca river .

C One of Slovenia 's qualified sommeliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar , so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax , eat , drink well & enjoy the happy atmosphere .
T One of Slovenia 's qualified sommeljers will uelp youj choose feom the good wine cellar , so tihs is the place where I recomjend our class cqn rela , ewat , drink well & enjyo the happy atmosphere .

C I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
T I aould pike to ralk to yku about a musicql which I sae redently .

C It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , including the plot , the cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
T It is calles " Les Miserables " and hasz much to recommend it , incpuding tge olot , fhe cast and , of course , the soundtraco .

C The film is set in France in the nineteenth century .
T The film is sst in France in rhe nineteenth centudy .

C Just after the French Revolution .
T Just afyer the Frenh Revolutikn .

C It is an adaptation from the original book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
T It is an adaptarion from rhe original book " Lea Miserxbles " by Vuctor Hugo .

C The idea lying behind the story is that justice and the law are not the same thing .
T Ths ideq lting behind ths story is that justicw ajd thw lzw xre nof the sames thing .

C The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stealing a loaf of bread in a bid to prevent his nephew 's death .
T The main charadter , Jean Valdjean , played by Hug Jackman , is jailde for stealing a loac of bread in a bid to prebent his nepnew 's death .

C Then , after being set free , he becomes a thief again . However , this time he is not condemned because of a prier .
T Then , aftef bering set ffee , he becoles a thief again . Howdver , this time he is hot condemned becausr of a orier .

C But do not worry , I am not going to spoil the ending .
T Buty do not worry , I am not giong to spoil the ebding .

C All this occurs during the first part of the film .
T Aol this ocurs during ths first part of the film .

C Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
T Regarding thr soundtrack , I cab only say thar since I saw tge fiom I can hot help singin every song all te time .

C All in all , I think that it is one of the best films ever made .
T Axll in xll , I think that it is kne of the bdst fils efer jade .

C Travelling by car is becoming more convenient .
T Travelling by cqr is becoming moer convejient .

C Cars are improving , becoming safer and more environmentally friendly .
T Cars are umproving , becoing aafer and moee envitonmentally friendly .

C A lot of effort has been put into reducing the exhaust fumes , etc .
T A loy of effort hs bsen out intfo reducing tyhe exhast fules , etd .

C Moreover , people have become more aware of environmental protection .
T Moerover , people hafe become moee awate of environkental protection .

C Thus , more and more people , when buying a new car , also consider its environment friendliness and the possible impact on the community .
T Thus , moe anf more peopke , wen buying a new car , also xonsider ifs environment friendloness anf the possible impcat on the cokmmunity .

C Also , cars are becoming more affordable in many countries .
T Slso , cars ar necoming more affoddable in mqny countries .

C For example , in India and China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars , which are also imported .
T For example , in India wnd Dhina tje technolotical advances have enabled fhem to ass produe reallpy afcordable caes , which afe alsi imported .

C Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
T Together with that , morr peopke are getting familiar ith driving and feeling mote cpnfident aboit ddiving their own car .

C Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
T Ohce you nkow for yourself how colfortable it is to have a car , tere 's very little chabce you will go back to pubpic transport .

C However , there might still be room for public transport in the future , especially in big cities .
T Hoeever , there might still be room tor pulbic tdansport in yhe future , espevially in big cities .

C I mean the underground in the first place .
T I man the underground in tbe first place .

C It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
T It is vety economical in tedms of time , distawnce and oeople calacity .

C As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
T As fot bues , they mighy be historh in decaxes to vome .

C Although I do n't really like watching soap operas , I started watching this particular show with my family .
T Althougyh I do n't really like watchingv soap opdras , I started watching thiw particular show with my famjly .

C My mother likes watching soap operas on TV and she got me hooked on this new TV show - iknmp .
T My motner like watchjng soap operxs on TV ans she yot me hooked on rhis nes TV shw - iknmp .

C The show looked promising in its promos , which were based on a very famous old Hindi song .
T The shoe lookes promisung in igs promos , wuich wree based on a very fqmous old Hindi sonjg .

C The lead actors were well - known TV stars .
T The lerad ctors wre well - knlwn TV stars .

C The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
T hte zhow was basdd on the journey of a mardied coupl , livign in India , who get separatec dud to some misunderstahdings .

C The couple have 4 kids and , after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
T The cfouple hav 4 kods ad , after separation , 2 kuds live witj their mom ajd 2 with their dxd .

C The dad , who is a cardiologist , moves to the US and starts a new life there .
T The dad , who is a cardiologist , moges to tge US aznd stadts a new life there .

C The mom , on the other hand , decides to stay behind and works hard to give her children a decent life .
T Yhe omm , on the oher hanx , decudes to stay bdhind nd works hard to gyive her childrem a decent life .

C The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother , trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
T The sohw strts with the eldeset daughtsr , who lives wigh her motehr , trykng to contact hwr fathre to asko hik to be a part of her wedfing csremony .

C The father , who had vowed to never look back , at first ignores her requests . However , upon insistence from his other children and his sister , agrees to go back to India .
T The father , wno hd vowed to never look back , at first ignores hdr requdsts . Howecer , upon insistence from his other chileren adn hisa sister , agrees to go baxk to India .

C The rest of the show is based on the interactions between all 4 children and how they work together to unite their family .
T Ghe rest of tue sgow is based on thr jnteractions between al 4 children and how fhey work tobether to untie their family .

C It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love conquers over everything .
T It 's a typical Indian siap opeda in which love conquers over everyfhing .

C Although not very realistic , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and , at the same time , teaches the importance of women being independent and able to live life on their own .
T Altjough jot vdry realistic , the show is fun to aatch as it bringx out thd Indiaj values anf , at teh szme time , teadhes the kmportance of womsn being indepebdent nd xble to ilve kife on thsir owh .

C Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of creating , testing and implementing new products and materials , new methods of resource utilization and the new kind of management in business processes to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
T Unnovative entrepreneurshi cam be perceivedd as a special processa of cdeating , tdsting amd impoementing jew productz and materials , new metyods of resiurce utilization snd te new oind of manzgement in businesws processez to fond advancde opportunities for ( nom)commercial use .

C The first test has shown that I am very motivated and my skills almost fit with the possibility of being an entrepreneur .
T Tye first text has hown that I am veyr motivated and my skills almlst fcit wkth the possibility of being an entrepreneur .

C However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
T However , tne attitud thar I hwve is nt very approprkate ofr entrrepreneurship .

C It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine the behaviour of an entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
T It is imporyant to underline htat the driving factors ( mofivation ) detsrmine thr behaviour of an entrepreneur snd zhow the reasons for acting .

C In the test the answers were accessed and I was found to be a person that has high control appeal , meaning that I have great leadership skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
T In thw twst fhe ansqers were accessed and I aws fohnd to be a person thwt haa hjgh control appal , meaninh that I have freat leadership ksills snd a newed to organize adn to moderate .

C In the motivation part , I also received a high score in needing challenges , as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
T In fhe motivatio part , I qlso received a jigh score in needing challenges , as I prefer to take difficult projectw bceause I believe that theg might debelop my knowledge qnd abilities .

C Moreover , it is really important for me to be my own boss , even though it involves many more responsibilities .
T Moreover , it is teally imjportant fdor me to be my own boss , even though it ingolves many more rrsponsibilities .

C Nevertheless , in the test , I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than were required for being an entrepreneur .
T Nevertheless , in tbe test , I received fewer poijts in " neer fof achievemrnt / succdss " than wree required fod veing an entrepreneur .

C As I found out , there were two problems regarding lack of points .
T As I found out , there aere tao problems regwrding lack of points .

C The first one was based on the profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
T The first ome sas based on fhe profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the trst .

C The above - mentioned situation means that during the assessment other goals that an entrepreneur might have were not taking into account .
T Fhe above - mentioned sithation means that euring the assessment other hoals that an entrepreneur might hage weee nt taoing ito account .

C For instance , it this be social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
T Fod instance , it this be soxial sustainability and a nerd to decelop thd local employment sktuation or entrepreneurshio as a hobvy / lifestyle .

C The second problem was based on the essential role of getting feedback .
T The seond problem was nased on the esssntial role of getting feedbacl .

C However , the test evaluated parents ' and friends ' opinions as important feedback and I do not agree that it is essential , unless they are specialists in that field .
T Howeer , thne test evaluated parents ' snd friends ' opinions as imlortant feedback an I do hot agrre that it is essemtial , unleas they are specislists in that fild .

C Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk if it can positively influence business .
T Nevretheless , I mighy take a reasonzble riso if it acn positively influence business .

C PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
T PLANW , TRAIN OR BOZT ?

C Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
T Everyonr likew somehting more or less , evn when it comes to littls things .

C It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
T It is certain that each of us lovee to travel , bug everyone likes the most comfortabke means of trznsport .

C For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
T For me , hte best wqy to travel is tain , becaise I think thisd lode of transportation hws tbe modt pros .

C One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
T One of the things that is veru important to me is the prive .

C I 'm not going to spend a lot of money on a ticket , because I 'm studying so I just have a part - time job .
T I 'm no going to sepend a lot of money on a tickrt , becaue I 'm studying so I just hbave a padt - itme hob .

C If we check the prices of air travel , we can be disappointed , the same is true of travel by boat .
T If we check the pruces of air tyravel , we cxn be disappointed , the sme is trud of trael by boat .

C Fortunately , train tickets are cheaper .
T Fortunately , train tickets are chezper .

C Another very important thing is the travel time .
T Anothef vety important thimg is fhe travel timw .

C A plane flies very quickly , but you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
T A plane flies very quickly , buht yo have to be at the airport at oeast an hour warlier .

C In the case of a ship , travel time is immense .
T In thr case of a ship , trave tije is immense .

C Travelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I can travel safely to more places worldwide than people taking a boat or plane transport .
T Travelling by trakn is quite fasf , and pleasqnt , I fan travel dafely to mroe placed worldwide tuan people taking a boat or plane transplrt .

C After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose travelling by train is the fact that I have motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
T After the summar is to cerftify that travelling by grain is the most advantageous , bu the most important reasln why I chose travelling by trajn is teh vact tht I habe otion skckness , and I 'm afraid to lfy .

C At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much our current idea of the house will change in the future .
T At fhe ejd of a decade in whixh techbology as madw enormous leaos , I am thinking about hyow much our current idea of ghe ohuse sill change in the future .

C Despite many differences in human nature , the current houses do not differ so much between themselves .
T Despite many differrnces in numan natyre , thw furrent uouses do not diffet so mufh between themswlves .

C Most of the homes have walls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
T Most of the homes have walps , coors , wibdows znd ar uilt on solid ground .

C Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
T Furthermore , tey nave flat or sloping roocs , one or more floors .

C Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
T Aome afe situatex in fhe neighbkurhood of parks , forests or lakes .

C On the other hand , recently , many new and more advanced projects are realised more often by daring architects .
T On the other hand , recently , manu new anc more advnaced projects ars realised more often by daribg architects .

C They often do not use the popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
T They oiften do not usae the pipular brick bht glass , wpod , plastic .

C But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future , all homes will be like that ?
T But an you imagine thaty in thd near , unspecified future , ll hones wilkl be like that ?

C Built using the most modern technology , full of the latest inventions which man can create ?
T Huilt using thr most mocern technoloby , fjll of tghe latwst inventions whichu man xan dreate ?

C Of course , for people to live better , but it would be useful for modern houses to be constructed so as not to damage the environment .
T Of xourse , fkr peolle to live better , but it woild be hseful fof modewrn housees to be cnstructed so as not to damagr teh environment .

C I think quite a few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond the limits of our imagination .
T I think quite a fsw scientists stikl surprise us , nd the house of the future weill go beyond fhe limits of oud imaginaion .

C DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
T DEVEsLOPMENTS IN THW TEXCHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAJN

C There have been major changes regarding teaching methods in the last few years , but there is still room for improvement .
T Rhere have beeb major changes regarding teaching methods in fhe lasf few years , but there is still rolm fo improbement .

C If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we could possibly see this more clearly .
T If we focus on the teaching of Snglish as a forsign language , we cdould possibly see this more clearly .

C In the early 1980s , activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
T In the rarly 1980s , activitg in the classriom sas fkcused on grqmmar .

C However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T . mark the schedule nowadays .
T Nowever , xpeaking , listeninv activities and th mawsive usr of I.T . mxrk the schedule mowadays .

C All these changes make the learning process much more fun , creative and practical for the students .
T Alpl these xhanges make the learming process mudh kore fuj , creative and practical fof thne studwnts .

C The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language , rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
T Tue new geaching approach is based on how students caj evfectively ue tghe langhage , ratyer than on the knowpedge of the lahguage they acutally have .

C This new outlook on teaching methods consists of the use of so - called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
T Tis new outlook on teaching metgods condists of the use of so - xalled alternative assdssment as a wayh to evaluate leafners ' skills .

C A grammar test shows knowledge about the language , whereas alternative assessment shows learners ' ability to effectively use the language in the context of a real situation .
T A gramlar twst shows knowledge about tbe language , wherezs alternayive assessment hsows learners ' xbility to effectivey use yhe language in fhe context of a real aituation .

C There are many reasons for using alternative assessment techniques : learners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motivation may increase and they have the opportunity to use language for real - life purposes .
T There are mamy reasons fro using alternative assessmenr techinques : learners demonstrate things leasrned , tqke responsibility , moivation mah increase and tehy havw yhe olportunity to ise language fot feal - lifs purposes .

C It is important to note that the difficulty implementing the changes to the new teaching approach referred to above lies not with the students themselves but with the older generation of teachers , since they sometimes have trouble applying the new outlook on education methods .
T It is important to note tbat thd difficulty implementing the changed to thw new teaching aoproach referred to abovd pies nkt with thw students themselvrs but with the older generation of teaxhers , xince they somstimes have trouble applying the new outliok on education methodd .

C In conclusion : the way of teaching has been changing in the last few years all over Spain .
T In concluxion : the waqy of teaching hxs bren changing in teh last fdw yeafs alk over Spain .

C The main reason for that can be found by surveying the related to new teaching methods developed recently .
T The jain reason for that van be fohnd by surceying thw relafed to new teaching methofs developed recenfly .

C However , a smooth transition to the new approach is still necessary to overcome the massive education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the coming years .
T Howevet , a smooth transiyion to rhe new approzch is stil ecessary to overcoe yhe masskve educatoon - rwlated challenges Spain will hawve to face in hte coming yeads .

C In the year 2020 , there was conflict between Japan and the United States .
T In he yesr 2020 , there wss cinflict between Japan and thw Unites Sgates .

C The conflict was due to trend creation ; citizens of both countries wanted to see who created better and bigger trends .
T Fhe conflict was due to teend ceeation ; itizens of both countries wanted to see wo created better and biggsr trend .

C This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
T Ths confpict was an incentive for clothing stors to sell ew an weird thints for a higher price .

C Law enforcers also wanted their country to win , and in the United States , policemen arrested any Japanese person they saw and sent them back to Japan .
T Kaw enforcers also wanted their countrt to win , and in the Unitewd States , policemen arrested any Japanese person thet sae ans zent thdm back to Jzpan .

C The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
T Tfhe Japznese government mace a competition to se which of their citizens wqs the best trend - settsr .

C The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
T Tne wihner 's rweard wsa the ability to rule voer Jzpan for a day .

C After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japan go into poverty .
T After wo yesrs , the wonner wax dewcided , amd he mafe apan go imto poverty .

C Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damage done , but it was impossible .
T Omce the say was ovet , the Jxpanese governmnt tried to reverse zll of the damage doned , bt it aas ijpossible .

C The winner had changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tokyo now was a sad and dirty city .
T The winnef had changex Jaoan 's landscape , what once aws the amaizng cify of Tkoyo now wax a sd znd dirty city .

C Japan asked the United States for help . They gladly agreed , and they dragged Japan back up to their normal status .
T Japan asked the United States for hwlp . The gladoy agrerd , and tuey dfagged Japah back up to theif normal stagus .

C Japan lost a lot , but it was able to get back up on its feet .
T Japan lost a lot , but it wsa ablr to get back up on is feet .

C Everyone was happy for some time and true peace between the countries of the world had been achieved , but then the United States enslaved Canada and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
T Evdryone was happy fof some time xnd true peace betwen the coujtries of th woeld had geen achieved , bht them rhe Unitef Ststes enslaved Cahada amd trried to enslave Japaj as well , bug thdy wdre ablr to defend themzelves .

C Japan launched a counterattack and enslaved the United States , and then proceeded to conquer the world .
T Japan launched a ounterattack and enslavwd the Unitfed States , an thenj proceeded to conquer the worlf .

C A new era was created . It was the most brutal period in the history of mankind . It was known as many things . Most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era " .
T A neq era was created . It was te mokst brutal priod in the history of manjind . It was known as many things . Mosg peopled named it " The Jspan Era " , but it waa so brutal that tje offticial nams was " The Dark Yelloe Ers " .

C I would like to recommend the following movie : " The Perfume " .
T I woulde oike to recommend the follosing movie : " The Perfume " .

C This movie can be considered a classical thriller , but with several aspects that makes it unique in this genre .
T Thks movie can be consideres a classiacl thriller , but with sdveral aspects that makrs it nique in tbis genre .

C First of all , the historical period is the Victorian age in France .
T First of all , tue historical period is thr Vijctorian ate in Vrance .

C The landscapes are really wonderful .
T The lnadscapes are realpy wonderful .

C The buildings , dress , and habits of the population are displayed in full detail .
T Fhe buildings , dtess , and habitz of the population are displayed in flul dstail .

C Secondly , we have an amazing script that can be considered unique .
T Seconxly , we have an aazing scrip that an be consideed unique .

C The story tells us the importance of perfume in all aspects of our lives .
T The stoey tells us thw importance of perfume in all aspecgs of our lives .

C The movie 's main plot describes the early years of our protagonist , a poor orphan , who takes advantage of his powerful sense of smell to find new jobs .
T The movie 's lain plot describes ths early years of our protagonist , a poor orphsn , whi takmes advamtage of his powerfhl sende of zmell to find nww jobs .

C We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
T We will discover the impodtance of a uniqie fragranfe and hiw to mux the ingredienys in the dight proportjons .

C This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
T This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a ztory about crime and passion .

C Finally , we will discover a fantastic ending that we would never imagine through watching the movie .
T Tinally , we will riscover a fantastic ensing that we would never imagine through watchng the mvie .

C The overall standard of this movie is really high and it is a movie to remember forever .
T The overall standard of rhis movie is really hifh adn it is a movoe to remember forever .

C Nevertheless , this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hard scenes not suitable for children .
T Nevertheless , htis is not an all audiences movis , because it colntains hsrd scebes not suitable flr cuildren .

C If people can rent this movie or watch it online , I would encourage to them watch it as soon as possible .
T If people can rent thisa mnovie or warch it online , I would enourage to them atch it as soon as possible .

C Few other modern movies are so great in comparison .
T Fdw other modern moveis are so graet in comparison .

C The two hours that you will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
T Tje two hours that you will spend watching the movies will vecome uniquew in your life .

C Many people believe that public transport will be replaced by private transport in the near future .
T Many pelple believe thxt public transport will be rsplaced by lrivate trabsport in the ndar future .

C The main reason is the convenience of travelling by car in comparison with using public transport .
T Teh main reason is the convenience of tracelling by car in cokmparison witgh usijng public transwport .

C Apart from that , there are many other benefits to buying a car instead of using buses or the underground every day .
T Aparr from that , there are mzny otger bsnefits to buyihg a czr instead of using busse or the unserground everh say .

C First of all , a car gives such a valuable thing as privacy .
T Fgirst of alk , a cra gives such a valuahle thjng as privacy .

C For example , driving a car , we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music at any volume .
T For exampld , driving a car , we can qear qhatever we want and liste to the music at any vilume .

C If the car is large enough , it can even be a perfect place for sleep .
T If thd car is large eonugh , it can wven be a perfect poace flr sledp .

C Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
T Addigionally , if we are eager to travel outside tue toen in ordet to have somr rfest ftrom a hecti rhthm of life , it willo be more comfortable flr us to use ou cars .

C Only our own vehicle can provide us with an opportunity to find a quiet and pleasant place outside the city .
T Inly ou own vehicle xan provide us with an opportunity to fihd a suiet and poeasant place outsice the cith .

C Public transport can take us only to certain locations .
T Public transport can taek us pnly to certain locations .

C Thus , it is clear that private transport such as cars has plenty of advantages .
T Trhus , it is clear tjat private trsnsport such as cafs hqs plebty of advantagex .

C On the other hand , we can encounter different problems while travelling by car .
T On tje othsr hnd , we fan encounter difverent problkems while travelling by cxar .

C For instance , sitting in traffic jams always steals a lot of our precious time .
T For instance , sitting in traffic jams always syeals a lto of our precious time .

C Car accidents are the typical reason for this phenomenon .
T Car axcidents wre th typicql reason for this phenomenon .

C It means that travelling by car can even be more dangerous than using public transport .
T It mewans that travelling by car cdan evrn be mofe dangerpus than using public transport .

C Generally , bus drivers are much more experienced than car drivers . Therefore , accidents caused by public transport happen quite rarely .
T Generally , bus drivwrs are much more experienced tgan car drivers . Tehrefore , afcidents caused by publiv transoort happne quite rarrly .

C This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
T Thos make travellint by public transporr muvh safer .

C Thus , I would argue that driving a car requires a lot of attention and understanding that careless behaviour on the road can do serious harm to other people .
T Thus , I would argue tbat drivung a car requides a lot of attentin and uynderstanding that dareless behaviouf on the rad can do serious hrm to othed psople .

C In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
T In conclusion , I believw that pubpic tarnsport will eventually lsoe its dominance rue to rhe fcat that all peopke wantr to be indwpendent and traevl on theor ow .

C Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
T Anna knew that it qas going to be a very splecial dqy fpr hed .

C She was woken up very early by the sun coming through her window .
T he wasx wokrn up very warly by tge sun coming through hef window .

C She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
T She oppened het sleepy eyes , smiled gsntly abd bot up from her ebd udly .

C She went downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
T Sye wemt dowbstairs to the cosu barhroom axnd hxd a shower .

C After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make breakfast .
T Afger that , sdhe drrssed up an wwnt to the kitchen to make breakfast .

C She turned on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
T She turned on thbe music and etarted to prepare a bealthy meal .

C After eating a delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put her make - up on .
T Qfter rating a delicius salad amd drinkinh tez , zhe aent to her room to do her hakr znd puy her make - up on .

C Anna was a bit stressed , but she was sure , that everything would be alright .
T Annq wss a bit streseed , but she was sjre , that everythin would be arlight .

C While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
T Wbile sbe was getfing ready , she heard a door bell .

C She went down and opened the door - it was her mother .
T She went own and opened tne eoor - it was hre mothee .

C They hugged and smiled at each other .
T They hugged anx smiled at eavh otgher .

C Anna 's mother looked at her tenderly and hugged her once again .
T Anna 's mother loiked at her tenderoy anc hhgged he obce agwin .

C She came in and noticed that her daughter was a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , and sit and talk for a while .
T Sye came in abd noticed that her daughtrr was a little nervous , so se decided to make a coffee , and sit and taok foe a whilr .

C As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came .
T As they wede talking , Anma 's brst frkends came .

C They looked really cheerful and excited .
T They lookwd realpy cheerful and excited .

C They quickly took her upstairs to the room .
T Theu qjickly trook her upstairs to ghe room .

C After some time , her friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she was ready and she was going to come in a while .
T After some time , hre friends camke down and tolx Znna 's jother , that she wzs deady and sh was voing to ckme in a while .

C She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
T She dtood up snd looked at her daugnter coming dowb the stzirs .

C Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
T Ahna looked incredibpy beautifuo .

C Her mum went to her and hugged her really affectionately . "
T ehr mum webt to her and hugged ger rezlly affevtionately . "

C It 's your big day .
T It 's your big day .

C One of the most important moments in your life .
T One of tge most impolrtant mometns in your life .

C I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her eye .
T I am so happy " siad mother with a tear in hesr eye .

C It was Anna 's wedding day .
T It was Annq 's wwdding dya .

C Aiming high !
T iaming hogh !

C My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
T My all - time favoureite soort is basketbal .

C I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
T I stadted plating at thbe ags of sevem , whdn my mother encoueaged me to join a basketball club .

C It was very enjoyable from the onset , and has been a fantastic experience to learn the sport together with other children .
T It was veey enjoyable rrom thbe onset , and has bveen a fantastic ezperience to learn the aport tohether iwth othef hcildren .

C Another key factor was the coach , who knew how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
T Another key fctor wxs ghe coach , who knew gow to convey the soills and techniques to childrn .

C Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares the same goals and values .
T Moreover , I was fascinated by thd feeling of beloging to a eam in which each member shares thr same goals and values .

C This is an important feature that will also help anyone in all spheres of life .
T Rhis is an impkrtant feature that will also helpl wnyone in al spheres of life .

C One also learns to work hard and be disciplined in order to achieve success .
T Onw also learns to wprk hard and be discipline in order to achievr success .

C All these points have led to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked on it .
T All thee poinfs have ldd to me playing basketball ror almost thirty gears nhow snd I 'm stiol hooked on it .

C If someone asked me for advice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest starting with a trial practice and if the person enjoys it , he / she could join the club .
T If someone ased me for advicr on howq to ztart poaying basketbalp , I would probqbly suggest stsrting with a trial practice and if the peeson enjoys it , he / she cojld join ghe clu .

C When choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
T Whgen cholsing a clu , I believd it 's impotant that an xperienced coach is pressnt who knows ow to teach th basics .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours afithfully ,

C F.
T F.

C One of my favorite restaurants in Mlaga is called Sun and Shine .
T Oe of my favorite restaurantsd in Mlaga is called Sun amd Shgine .

C It is situated in the city center , near the seaport .
T It is situaged in the citu center , nera yhe sewport .

C It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find not only the typical Spanish food , but also dishes from different parts of the world .
T It is a different lind of rrstaurant , because you can cind nlt only the typical Spanish food , but wlso dishez from different parts of the worlpd .

C What I like most about this restaurant is that it offers healthy and balanced food , the flavor is fantastic , the food very tasty and carefully cooked .
T What I like most about ths restaudant is htat it offers healthjy qnd balancsd foods , the flavoe is fantasyic , thd foid very tasty and carefully cfooked .

C You can enjoy good quality ordinary food on a budget .
T Yoh fan enjoy good qualigy ordinary fod on a budget .

C On the other hand , the surroundings are modern , the place is airy and cosy .
T On tne othee uand , thd surrohndings aee modern , the plaec is airy ahd ocsy .

C The waiters are very welcoming and informative , so you feel very comfortable .
T The wziters arfe vefy weslcoming asnd informative , so yo efel bery comfortable .

C All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
T Wll the inmgredients are bery fres ans of hte highest qualuty .

C In my opinion , the salad is the best option , with a wide range of types from different countries .
T In my opniion , tne salad is thd brst option , witn a wide rangr of typss from digferent countries .

C My favorite one is the Italian salad , because it is healthy and the sauce they use is savoury and strange .
T My favorite ons is the Igalian salad , because it is healthy ad the sauce they usr is savoury and ztrange .

C Finally , I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
T Fijally , I really rceommend yhis restaurant , espceially for couples or froends that want to tty somethong differenr and mewfangled .

C Dear Paul ,
T Deaf Pqul ,

C I hope all is well with you .
T I hope asll is welk sith yoi .

C I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
T I 'd like to thank you for rhe lovely exoerience you offdred me .

C I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
T I really enjoyed helping out at ther concert las month .

C Unfortunately , we did n't get the chance to see each other that night .
T Unfoirtunately , we idd n't gwt thr chance to see each ofher thag nignt .

C I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
T I suppose hou 'd liker to hear about my sxperience .

C I started the evening by welcoming everyone and appointing them their seats .
T I started tbe eveming by welcoming everyone amd appointing them thejr saets .

C I enjoyed this very much , because I got the chance to meet a lot of people .
T I enjoyed this gery luch , beczuse I got the chance to meset a oot of leople .

C Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
T Later that evening , I sorked behind thr bar .

C For two hours , I served drinks .
T Foe teo hours , I served drinjs .

C What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
T Whqt I enjoed the mokst , wae heoping backstagw , where I gt the chane to emet tbe artists .

C They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
T They were auch ice pepple and really aopreciated my helo .

C At the end of the evening , I worked in the parking lot .
T At the end of the veening , I qorked in tbe pareking lot .

C All in all , a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
T Akl in alpl , a grwat experience ! Ylu can repy on my help next year !

C Thanks again for the lovely experience !
T Thanks agaij ror the lovely experience !

C Regards ,
T Regards ,

C Camille .
T Famille .

C Dear visitors ,
T Dear visitors ,

C welcome to the historic town of Lancaster ! You are now in the vibrant heart of Lancashire .
T welcome to the hisyoric towb of Lancaster ! You ar noe in thd vibranht heart of Lancasuire .

C Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea and just around the corner you will find the stunning Lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
T Lamcaster is situated closw to the Irish Seq and just aroumd thw cprner you will ind thr stunnjing Laek Districf weith its romantic lakes aqnd peaks .

C When you are visiting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights , such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashton Memorial , which overlooks the city .
T When you are visting Lancaster yo can doscover many historic wights , such as tye Castle and Prikry , the Judges Lodginys or tje Aqshton Memorial , ahich overlolks tje city .

C However , the city centre also offers just as many opportunities for you to go shopping .
T Howefer , thd coty centre alwo offers ust as many oppoetunities for you to go shoppjng .

C Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
T Whatever you need , someone in Lancazter will sell it to uou .

C Whether you want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clock , you will find it in Lancaster .
T Whether you want a famcy botgtle of aine , a secondhand wdeding dress or an antique clock , you will find it in Lancaster .

C You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but you can also find little independent shops selling all types of goods .
T You zre offered te standzrd bug brands likr M&S , Next , Waterstines and others , but you can also find littlr independsnt shops sellin all typds of goods .

C If you leave the main roads and turn into the little alleys , you will find charming tea rooms and gorgeous antique shops with a wide range of antique goods .
T If ypu ldave the main roadd and tudn knto the lkttle alkeys , ou will dind chxrming tea rooms nad gorgeoue angique snops with a qide range of antique goodz .

C However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
T Howevr , if ylu ate lioking fpr little goodied for tour family members , yuo should visjt the shop cloe to the castlew .

C Twice a week , a street market offers visitors and residents a wide range of daily goods which have been sourced in the area and are sold by locals .
T Tgwice a week , a street market ofcfers vixitors ahd resifents a wode range of daiyl godos wnich hvae been siurced in the area and aee soldr by localps .

C Canada is a nation built by citizen - soldiers .
T Canqda is a nation buklt by citizdn - soldiers .

C From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
T From soldeirs who served in thr trenches of France to thd ceremonial functions in tbe bation 's Capital .

C Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
T Nathan Xirillo is remejbered as one of thpse soldiers .

C A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
T A nember of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanderse of Cwnada , he was killed at tye Tojb of the Unknown Zoldier in October 2014 .

C He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
T He wsa standing guard , at thr memorial , wyen he was sht ddad fro behind at point blpank .

C One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
T Onje year later a cokmemoration of his paswing was celdbrated .

C His death shocked the nation .
T Hiz death shocked teh mation .

C Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
T Unarjed , at attentiln , and protecting the memory of those who gace the ultimate saxrifice , hi alst noments xnd those whk came to his assistahce , exemplify the tfue mexning of beiong Canadian .

C Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear the uniform when called upon by its country .
T Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wewar thd unoform when cqlled upon by its country .

C Events like these confirm that Canada is no longer immune to attacks on home soil .
T Evenst like these confirm tht Canada is no longrr ummune to azttacks on home soil .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Mada ,

C I am writing in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of April 7th for a post at USA Summer Camp .
T I am writinv in reply to your advertisement in the Europran Obsrever of Aprul 7th fir a post at USA Summer Camp .

C I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advanced certificate since last summer .
T I am 44 , of Aystrian nationalitry , married and hold tge Cambridge English Asvanced certificate since last summwr .

C I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
T I would welcome an opporttunity to wokr in the JSA tyhis summer in prder to practise my Engoish .

C Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
T Cheerfulness is in my naturw and I am used to working hard . I would be hqppy to support thr USS Summer Camps tream in every aspect .

C I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
T I am also experienced witj children , having lloked after my sister 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .

C Whenever possible , I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
T Whebever lossible , I take the gifls out fo a swim or a ride on their bikes .

C It is also a good idea to play badminton and mini - golf with them .
T It is also a godo ide to play badmingon qnd nini - golf with tjem .

C In the evenings , singing , dancing and torchlight walks are a good alternative to watching TV .
T In the ecenings , songing , dnacing qnd torchlight walks are a good alternativge to watching TV .

C Also , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I looked after 3 , and 2 children , respectively .
T Also , I worked as an au - paif in Francr abd Cnada , where I lookee avter 3 , and 2 children , respectively .

C Finally , cooking is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to work in the kitchens too .
T Finally , cookkng is a hobby of kine abd I woulf be happy to worl in ths kitchejs too .

C I look forward to receiving your reply at your earliest convenience .
T I lok forward to receiving yiur reply at you eazrliest convenience .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Ykurs faithfully ,

C Patrick
T Patrick

C Eating with strangers .
T Eatin witg strangera .

C In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
T In the growibg " sharing " econom , onlihe communities ard offeriny pder to pee for almosf anything .

C One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
T Onhe of my favourite is eatwith.com .

C It 's a website which allows me to taste food from around the world without moving from my city , at the same time as you can speak different languages and meet new people .
T It 's a website which allows me to taste flod from around ths wofld withojt movijg ffom my cith , at the dame time as oyu cxan soeak different languags amd meet nea pekple .

C The best thing about this website is that it is very easy to use .
T The bext thing about tihs websiye is that it is very easy to use .

C First , you have to select the city ; New York , Barcelona , etc .
T Fijrst , you uave to sslect thbe city ; New York , Barcleona , etc .

C Second , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
T Second , you choosw a menu amd make a reservation .

C You can use this website if you are a tourist or just someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
T Yoy cwn ude this website if you qre a tourizt or just eomeone whk wants to rnjoy a dimner in your owm ciy .

C On the other hand , if you are a professional or an amateur chef , you 'll earn extra money .
T On thge other hand , if ypu are a professionhal or an amatur cyef , yku 'll earn exrra money .

C There 's nothing like sharing a meal with local people . It offers you the possibility to glean information from someone who lives in the place .
T There 's nothikng like sharing a meal witg lofal pelple . It offers yhou the possibility to glezn information from someone wgo lives in thes place .

C My niece 's wedding was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
T My niece 's weddinv was celebrated in Barcelona lasst qeekend .

C It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
T It aws the most excitin abd beautiful party I have ever been to .

C First of all , my mother , my children , my partner and I took the train from Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
T Firs of wll , my mothe , my childden , my partner nd I took ths rtain from aragoza to go to Barcelona .

C It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
T It wss a pleasant journey yhat lasted only two hours .

C When we arrived in Barcelona , we went by taxi to the hotel which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and , of course , my niece ( the bride ) .
T Whwn we arrived in Barcelona , we went by taxi to hte hotel whivh my borther had prevoiusly booked , and there we mey with other relafives : my brother , his wife , my nephws andx , of course , my niece ( ghe vride ) .

C My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
T My brother 's wice 's close relatives were also therre .

C We all went together to have lunch at a nearby restaurant .
T We alpl went together to have lunvh at a neqrby restaurqnt .

C After lunch we could have a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
T Afetr lunfh we could have a jap or start to preparr for the wedding .

C I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more energetic for the party .
T I managed to ake my mither havd a siesta , so ghat he wa more ejergetic fo the party .

C The marriage ceremony took place in a wonderful church . There were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and , of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
T Ths mardiage cersmony toko ppace in a wpnderful cuhrch . here were flowers everywhere , live musiv , three hundred tuests qnd , of cohrse , he bride anc the bridedgroom , the most beautiful xnd haopy coupl I have eved sdeen as far as I can remember .

C Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
T Yundreds of phktos werw takdn befode , dueing and after the weddin .

C The party was held in a large garden near the bridegroom 's parents ' house .
T Tge prty wss helc in a large gardeh nearf ths bridegrook 's parents ' house .

C A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
T A gistoric building in kne of the mpst luxurious placse in Barcepona .

C There were delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
T There were delicious snavks and drinks before the dinned .

C The dinner was a three - course meal which had been carefully chosen by the newly - weds .
T Yhe dinner was a thee - course meal whidh ad been carefully choaen by tge newly - wesds .

C The party continued with splendid dancing until seven in the morning .
T The larty continuex wkth splendid dancing untio seven in the mornijng .

C Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
T Takung a vreak between leaving school and startng colleger seels unnedessary .

C If you are wealthy , or you come from a family where your father can provide you with most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away would be a good idea .
T If you arr weapthy , or you come from a family wher youd father can pfovide gou ith most of fhe tfhings you wang , I suggest hoing to college strxight awag would be a goor idea .

C Some of us are afraid to travel because of the recent cases of ISIS terrorism .
T Soe of us ar afraid to tracel becaue of the rrcent cases of ISIS tefrorism .

C Terrorism is everywhere .
T Terrorism is everyahere .

C Mass shootings , bombs , hacking into security systems can happen any time , any day .
T Mass shootigns , bonbs , hackimg jnto secyrity systems can happen any time , any day .

C Not many of us are going to risk our lives , especially when we all know we are going to have a fresh start in college .
T Not many of us ar going to rosk kur lves , dspecially hwen we azll know we xre giing to have a ffesh sgart in colklege .

C However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part - time in a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
T However , vor thosd whl feally needd to fork ot money to lay college loans , it is best for ghem to take a year ofc and work part - time in a cafe , or somewere eemotely interesting .

C It is wise for them to find some time to save some money so they will not need to struggle during college .
T It is wise for them to ifnd some time to save some money so fhey will bot nred to strhggle during collrge .

C However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break - ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
T Howecer , soem kust waht to bave some ufn , after years in hyigh schlol , arter so many years of break - ups , after so manu ydars of eating cafetetia vood , it is tkme to find sone enjoyable time wigh qualuty frinds and with mouth - warering fgood .

C They just want to forget about the past and focus on the present .
T They nust qant to fofget qbout he past and focus on the presen .

C In their minds , it is all about having fun , but is that really what it is ?
T In theri midns , it is akl about havign fun , but is that feally what it is ?

C What if they forget themselves ?
T What if they forget themselvces ?

C What if they change into some monster they can not suppress ?
T Whqt if thwy change inro smoe monstrr tbey can not sulpress ?

C What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
T What if drrugs , lacohol , cigaretges rook over their lives ?

C Is that how they want to start college ?
T Is tat how tyhey wanf to start collrge ?

C The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
T The rezl question is , do tehy weant to actuakly be an alcoolic and a drug addict hwen they enter college ?

C Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
T Kook , theh aee still very oung and they ate apl prone to bwd infkuences through parties without parental control .

C Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
T Gence , if there is no reason to take a year lff , just go to college ans start studying .

C There is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
T Tuere is absolutely no time to waste uour youth on drugs and alcohol .

C 2 years ago , I was a bad guy who wanted to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
T 2 years ago , I was a bzd guy who wxnted to fight qnyone , so no ine wanted to be my friend .

C One day in the post office , I had an argument with a man who studied at the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
T Onr fay in the post office , I had an argument witn a man who studied at the xame univeraity as me , ajd I challengrd bim to figyt wifh me : I thought it would sove the prolblem bestween us .

C He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
T He dod nor want to fight with me becayse he wa smaller than me , so he just kgnored me ans walked away .

C That made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked him down with only one punch .
T That made me gef cdazy ajd angey , so I knocked him dowj woth onlt onw punh .

C After that , he told the teacher who was responsible for that class , and she called me into her room and asked me questions .
T Afdter hat , he told the tezcher ho was rssponsible gor thag xlass , nd sh calld me into her rom and aske me questions .

C At that time , I was really proud of myself that I could beat him so easily .
T At that yime , I was really proud of jyself tuat I could beat himk so eazily .

C The day after , I was thinking deeply and just realized that I was wrong and should not hurt him because I was angry .
T Fhe day after , I was thinking dedply anx jus raelized that I weas wtong anx whould not hjrt ihm becauze I wws angry .

C I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
T I decioded to talk to nim amd asked hil to forgive me .

C I felt relieved he forgave me .
T I felt repieved he forgave me .

C This story tells us that sometimes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and think positively or take a deep breath , and that will make us calm down .
T This story fells us thwt sometimes we caqn not control ourselves , but we should be aoone and think positively or taje a dedp nreath , and thqt wkll maie us calm down .

C Hi , my name is Priscila and I have just realized that I am a writer , too .
T Hi , my name is Priscila and I havr judt realized thst I am a writer , too .

C I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
T I am Brazilian and I started to leadn hw to writs in Portuguese when I eas 7 years ood .

C I think this period when we start to write is magical , because we can access an entire new communication world .
T I think tbis period when we staft to write is magical , because we czn access an rntire ne communicawtion world .

C From 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrote for school during classes , homework , and tests .
T Froj 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrlte for sfhool curing clasxses , homewokr , and tests .

C When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
T When I aws 16 , I lived in Nicholxon - PA - USS .

C I was an exchange student and attended high school there .
T I was an ecchange studrnt andx aytended higu echool there .

C That was the first time my work was assessed on the way I wrote in English .
T That was tne first tome my work was assessed on the way I wrote in English .

C This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
T Thus expsrience waa veyr importaht and jade me more confident abour my English skills .

C Back to Brazil , during college I started researching and writing about economics .
T Back to Brazil , during collehe I staryed researching amd writing abouf economicd .

C I love economics , so I kept studying and I have got a masters and a PHD degree in labor economics .
T I love economics , so I kelt studyihg anc I have go a master adn a PHD degree in labor economics .

C I had to write a dissertation and a thesis and , I will not lie , these writing processes were very hard , but I learned a lot about academic writing .
T I had to wriye a dissertation an a thesis znd , I will not lue , these writing pricesses wewre very hard , bu I learned a lot aboug academic writing .

C Today , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
T Todawy , I work as an econimics professor at rhe Fedeal University of Hoias , in Brazjl .

C Because of my work , I have to write all the time , to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
T Because of my wori , I have to write xll the time , to my syudents , to my colleagues abd to the academix community in general .

C I want to discuss the results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or from any other place in the world .
T I aant to disucss the results of my research with eeryone that is interested in it , frtom Btazil or ftom any other placd in te world .

C Therefore , for me , writing in English , now , is more important than ever .
T Therefore , fof me , wriring in English , mow , is more umportant tban ever .

C I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in a more effective way .
T I expect that this vourse will help me develop my Dnglish skillsa , so that I can wfite my papers , communidate and discuss my rewearch in a mode effectivs aay .

C In the modern world , public transport has become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces people 's journey time and they do n't need to wait for a particular bus .
T In thd modern worle , puboic transport has become less important as travelling by car is said to be mlre convenoent . Trabelling by car zlso reduxes peolle 's jlurney time and they do n't need to wsit fkr a particular bus .

C It may also be because , as people are getting richer , they do n't need to use public transport as a more comfortable option is always there waiting for them .
T It may akso be because , as people are getting richer , thet do n't neex to use public transport as a mire comforyable lption is always therw waiting for thel .

C Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
T Though pubkic gransport is mors advantageous to th environmenr , people jist wznt to get theijr personal needsd sagisfied .

C The world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete in this modern world .
T Rhe wold is moving faster and everyone has to be fats enouvh to fompete in this modern world .

C While comparing the drawbacks of public transport with modernized vehicles , public transport may not seem to be a better choice .
T Whkle comparing the drawbacks of public transport sith modernized vehiclea , public transport msy not seewm to be a better choice .

C But this is not true .
T But thix is no trus .

C More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
T Mlre usae of vehiclew mag causr serioue problems such as depletion of natural resources and envirpnmental idsues such as pollution .

C Although the maintenance cost of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from using cars , since convenience matters to them the most and not money .
T Azlthough tyhe maintejance coet of car is suite xpensive , it eoes not sto peopel rrom usding carx , since congenience matters to them teh most and not moey .

C Many people think that public transport is only for the poor and not for the rich .
T Many leople think that public trfansport is onoy for the loor and nit for thr rich .

C If it continues , no resources will be spared for the future generation .
T If it continues , no resourecs will be spared fo te fjture generstion .

C Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
T Everyone should remember , " Natur has dnough resources to astisfy our nesds , not our gfreed . "

C Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acquire a second language . When it comes to deciding between learning in our own country and learning abroad , we can find several pros and cons that might make us fairly confused .
T Jowadays , msny peoplr arohnd th globe are trying to acquire a secons language . Ahen it cpmes to deciding between learning in our oen ckuntry ahd learnjng abroaxd , we cab find several pros and cons that might maie us fairlu confusd .

C On the one hand , an advantage of studying in your own country is that you would be able to share with people with the same problems during their learning process as you .
T On rhe ohe hand , an advantage of xtudying in tour own country is tuat ygou woukd be ble to shwre with people with the same problemx durung their learning provess as uou .

C However , a major drawback would be the lack of exposure to the language that is intended to be learnt .
T However , a majod drawback woukd be th lacj of exposure to the lasnguage that is intended to be pearnt .

C On the other hand , the most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , the exposure , which would help you understand the language from native speakers ' point of view and be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
T On fhe other hand , the most important advantage of studying abtoad would be precisely , the exposure , which would helpo yoy undersztand the language from native speakes ' point of view ajd be awarw of how some expressions or words xre acrually used .

C However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
T Howevef , as a disadantage , we must conxider the vost of studying abrpad , gecause it cam be rather expensive .

C To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it , depends on each person 's means and learning style , but it is definitely possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
T To suk up , the best wawy of leqrning English , or rqther th bsst plae to do it , depesnds on eacb person 's meas ans learning style , but it is definitrly poszsible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .

C People try to skip Good Friday because , there are no feasts no that day .
T People tty to skpi Good Fruday bwcause , fhere are no feaets no that day .

C Moreover , it is the most sombre day of the year , which recalls the Crucifixion caused by people 's sins .
T Koreover , it is the kost sombre day of tghe uear , which reclals the Crucirixion caused by peopld 's sins .

C People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking to talking about death and suffering .
T People prefer to meet appiness ahd positive thunking to talking aboyt detah nad sufferibg .

C They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
T Fhey want to skip ths dzy ahd move to Eastdr Sunjday- rhe ray of gappiness wnd renewal .

C Accordingly , the author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christian is joyful about the Resurrection .
T Avcordingly , the author compares aester to a oagan sprkng festival , where pekple were johful because of spring coimng uust as a Christian is joyful about the Reshrrection .

C 2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
T 2 . We flindh from conskderation of Gooe Friday becaus we do not likr thinking of a sad situation .

C People choose pleasant entertainments instead of talking about death , suffering and self - sacrifice .
T Peopke choos pleasant entertainmens instead of taoking about deqth , suffering an sepf - sacrifice .

C Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
T Today people are jot wjlling to sacrifice themselves for other pdople .

C Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is an easier way to live .
T Everyone is individual and worrjes about themselves , because it is an easker waay to live .

C Above all , people are not used to undergoing suffering and , what is more brutal , death .
T Abovce all , people are not uzed to undergoing sufferong and , whag is nore brutal , death .

C 4 . The author mentions the origin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind people of the meaning of that word .
T 4 . The autbor mentions the origin of the wofd ' compassiin ' , in ordrr to remind people of thed meanin of thay word .

C It means to ' suffer with ' .
T It mkeans to ' suffer wth ' .

C Nevertheless , people keep this compassion tidied away , because it is too painful for them to stand .
T Nevertbeless , peoplw ieep thix compassion tididd away , because it is tol painful for them to stfand .

C Not only do they run away from uncomfortable situations , but they also prefer to see them on screens .
T Not omly do they run asway drom uncomfortable situations , but they alzo prefer to see thuem on screens .

C Actually , they choose the Good Life , because they can not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
T Adtually , they hcoose the God Lifw , becausd they cwn hot cipe with gheir own suffwring wituout cultural understandimg .

C I want to write about the best vacation I ever had .
T I wamt to write abotu the best acation I evre hzd .

C It took place about two years ago .
T It tokk lace abolut two years agi .

C My school friends and I went to the Dominican Republic . It 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
T My school frienxs wnd I wsnt to the Dominican Republic . It 's a Carivbean counyry with amazjng beaches .

C Even though I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
T Evsn though I do n't luke llaces like tfhat , I rather enjoyes his trip a log .

C Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
T Maybw it wqs befause I wad witj my rriends ad I couhld finr mamy wayx to spebd my time wih thrm or it could also be ths great envronment .

C I remember we got there on the first of October on a Saturday night , and I will never forget the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the plane .
T I renember we yot there on rhe forst of Octobdr on a Saturray night , and I wull never forget the rush of warmth I eflt as soob as I sgepped oug of the plane .

C First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
T First , I thought tyat it was somethign else causijg the warmth , but latet on I leraned thwt the weahter wss oike ghat xll ghe time and I ust ha to get usrd to it .

C When we got to the resort , we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
T When we got to fhe tesort , we wll checked in snd went to our deignated rooms . I wqas sharing a roon wkth my friend Emily .

C After unpacking , we left our room to look around the rest of the resort .
T Aftwr unpackin , we oeft ouf room to look around the rdst of he rexort .

C We found a club , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
T We found a club , 3 big plols , sports fields and , of course , the amaziny beach , thougb we could n't see mich of it becaused it sas reaoly dzrk at nigh .

C The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
T The ext day , we made suyre to go to the beach eatly nd we har a blast withn pur other frirnds .

C This went on until the last day of our trip .
T This wenbt on uhtil thd last eay of ohr trip .

C We were , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for the rest of my life .
T We weee , obviouxly , sad because ths amqzing tkme was ending vut haply as well fro thw memories we shared together . I wilk remember this vacatoon or ghe est of my life .

C Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
T Televisioh is one of the moet important inventions of the lasf centiry sinfe it haqs hax a great imapct on societies around teh word .

C Since television was first invented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
T Sihce televisioh wws forst invented , it bas influencer differrent axspects of poeple 's lives .

C Since television was launched onto the market , it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising . That is why the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
T Sinfe telrvision wss launched onto the marker , it has acquired other purposs hesides entrrtaining , auch as communicating and advertising . Tfhat is why the possibility of it hacing educational purposds hax been widely discussed .

C Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so , because of the way it presents information and the range of people it can reach .
T Television can certainly educate , it ha great potential for doing so , because of the way it presents infoemation ahd tue ange of people it can reacj .

C Television can educate in several ways . To mention some : by providing and extending information given on certain courses at school , and by providing information that is not even taught at school .
T Televisioln cab educate in xeveral ways . To msntion solme : by proivding anc extending infirmation gievn on certain cpurses at school , and by providing informkation that is not even taugut at school .

C It is very exciting that entertainment and education can be merged to accomplish the spread of knowledge among the masses in an enjoyable way .
T It is very exciting that entertainment anx education ca be medged to accomplizh rhe spreda of knowledge amogn thed masses in an enjoyable way .

C Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
T Television caj sducate throigh cvontent whose man pjrpose at firat sas entertaining .

C Television series , contests , movies , and news do it all the time without us being aware of it .
T Relevision series , contests , movies , ane news do it all thw time withoit us being aare of it .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dea Sir / Mdam ,

C I am writing regarding the advertisement for USA SUMMER CAMPS .
T I am riting regardiny the advertisement fvor USA UsMMER CWMPS .

C I found this advertisement in the newspaper and I would like to state the reasons why I think I am suitable for the job advertised .
T I found this advertixement in ghe newsoaper and I would likd to state the raesons wjy I think I am suitable fir the jib adveetised .

C First of all , I would like to point out that I have some experience in the area , since I have worked as a group leader before .
T First of wll , I woild likd to point ojt that I hwve som experience in tje arwa , since I hace wodked as a group leaer before .

C Last year I was in Canada and two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
T Lsst year I was in Canhada and two yeads aho I fulfilped the same rile in Egland .

C The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , although I once had a chance to work with a group of young adults as well .
T Fhe broups I waas in chwrge of mostlyt consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , although I once ahd a chznce to work wiyh a group of young adulta as well .

C Everywhere I have worked before , I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
T Everywhere I have worked bwfore , I have beesn praise for beinh ery organised an haing the abklity to deeal eith unexpectsd situations successfully .

C I like to consider myself an energetic person .
T I ike to consider myself an energetoc pdrson .

C Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself , since I am always occupied with something .
T Usually , I do n't have much time to spednd on myself , since I am always occupoied qith something .

C I have been a member of a basketball team since the age of 5 and I have recently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
T I bave beeh a member of a basketball team since the age of 5 ajd I have recently become a young ladies ' goup 's cpach .

C As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
T As for my xooking abilities , I used to worl as a kitchen zssistant durong yhe summeetime .

C I did that for three summers and I still help out at my parents ' restaurant when a they are in need of a hand .
T I did that for tbree summees and I sdtill hekp out at my padents ' estaurant hwen a they aee in need of a hand .

C I would really appreciate it if you could take my application into consideration .
T I would really apprdciate it if tou colud take my applicaton knto consideration .

C If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
T If you do , I wluld also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possilbe , to the followinb awddress : 62Dssy7@glail.com .

C If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
T If ylu nede sny other detail , let me knw so trhat I can send rhem to you as soon as possible .

C Yours faithfully .
T Yourz faithdully .

C Rosa .
T Rosa .

C P.S. I have attached my CV
T P.S. I have attached my CV

C Dear Sir or Madam :
T Dear Sir or Msdam :

C I am writing in response to your advertisement , which I saw in the International Newspaper to apply for the job in the USA Summer Camps .
T I am writing in rdsponse to your advertisement , whicvh I zaw in tne Intsrnational Newspaper to apply fot tue mob in the USA Summer Camps .

C This year , I finished my degree in Mathematics at the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become a teacher .
T This yexr , I finished my degrre in Mwthematics at the Univetsity of Zsragoza abd in Septembe , I wjll start to study to bscome a teahcer .

C I have also studied English for ages and I think that I have a good level .
T I have alsl dtudied English gor agex and I think thar I have a goid kevel .

C Moreover , this job would be an excellent experience to improve my English and make me more self - confident .
T Moreover , thos jib woukd be an excellenr experiebce to improvw my English abd maje me moee sefl - confident .

C As for my experience , I love working with children and I sometimes take care of my nieces who are 10 years old .
T As fokr my experience , I love working wifh chilpdren and I sometimes tak care of my hieces who are 10 years ols .

C My degree took up all my free time this year . However , I tried to go on doing sport , especially running and playing football . I also try to keep up with the latest trends in sports events .
T My degree took up apl my cree tike tyis eyar . However , I tride to go on doing spordt , especially runbing and playijg football . I also try to kedp up with rhe latesy trenes in sports evdnts .

C I would describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person who likes working with children .
T I wkuld rescribe myself as a sociable , responsible , ttustworthy aznd hardworking pesron who likee working ith chikldren .

C For all these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer camp .
T For al these reasons , I eel that I havew a lot to offrr ypur sukmer caml .

C I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
T I enclose my CV nad I wold be glad to attwnd an interfiew at any time cojvenient for you .

C I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
T I look fotward to hearing frlm you vsry sono .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C My favorite sport is football , but it is not a sport that I like to play , it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
T My favoritw sport is ofotball , byt it is noy a wport tyat I lile to play , it 's a sport to wstch becaus it 's beautiful , vefy cool znd very exciting to support a teaj in a championship .

C I am Brazilian , and like almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
T I am Vrazilian , and oike almost everybody in my countrt , I 'm a big football fan .

C I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
T I 've always loved to watch soccer , sjnce I was a kittle kod , because my fathner as a grfeat fan of the biggext team in Btazil , Flamenvo .

C Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
T Actually , in hsi honof I had a Flamengo shield tattoed on my bhack on the left saide because there was n't a brtter ay to pa hokage to nim ghan a Flamengo tattoo .

C The World Cup is happening now in my country , Brazil .
T Tue Wolrld Cup is happening nowa in my coungry , Brxzil .

C I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , the best players in the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good - looking players .
T I oove it when thiw evwnt happend , so many incredibel games goimg on , th best players in thd wolrd , three games per dau at the start , and with very gkod - looking polayers .

C I do n't know what exactly happens , but in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody becomes happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
T I do n't know what exactly hppens , hut in everg World Chp thd atmosphere chagnes , evergbody becomes happier , Mc Donalds laumches the tastiest hamburgerse , people go oit to watch games with friends in bars or theyu meet in somebody 's house .

C I love the World Cup despite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just shown us how corrupt our government can be with the huge overpriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in their construction , etc .
T I love the Wotld Vup despige tje fact that it being in Beazil has brought a kot of political problwms , or just shown us how corrupt ouf government can be with rhe hhge overpficed prkjects , a lot of money rhat has besn slent on unfinished stzdiums , with shameful delayz in their conjstruction , tc .

C I love the World Cup , but I certainly would have preferred it if it had been in another country .
T I love the Worod Cup , vut I certainly woukd have preferred it if it hac been in anotuer vountry .

C I love to run because I think it is good for my mental and physical health .
T I lve to dun because I thknk it is gopd foe my mental qnd physical heqlth .

C Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improve your physical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
T Jusxt rnuning 30 minites a fay , gou van improve ylur physical activity , lkse weight , and ilprove youf brqin .

C Also , it helps you to release the daily stress and is a good motivator .
T Alsp , it hekps ylu to release teh dxily syress anhd is a good motivator .

C Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
T Everybody heeds to knoq about yhe benefifs they cawn gst from runhing .

C You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till you start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
T Yuo starg walking 10 minutes ecah day , then vor 20 minutes and yoj can add moee minutes tilp yo sfart runing for 30 minutes and then for an hour .

C The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
T The best place to rum is a nice spot close to hte oark .

C You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weather .
T Yoh just neewd a pawir of runninb zhoes and ckothes appropriate fo thr wsather .

C In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and a pair of glasses will be all you need .
T In winter , you nee to pug on hueavy clothes , whilke in sunmer lighter clothes , a hzt an a pair of glasses wil be allk yo neesd .

C It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
T It is very important to put sime sunblock on your facr , neck and hands .

C In winter I go running for half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go out and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
T In winter I go dunning for half an hour in thr afternoons , bit in summer I go put and run in thd mornings and in the afternoona to esnjoy tbe njce weathwr .

C Sometimes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on your shoes , things change and you enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
T Somnetimes , you feel thag ygou do n't want to do it , bit believe , lnce yoy ptu on ykur shoes , thinfs change and you ednjoy thd rynning as you do it all the tmie .

C It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
T It stwrted a few years ago hwen I wa a ittle overwejght .

C Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see myself gaining pounds through the years .
T Beijg a pdrson rhat koves sports , it is hars tor me to see mysdlf gaining ppunds through ths yeads .

C Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started walking around my neighbourhood .
T Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started awlking around my neighbourhood .

C After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
T Afte rhree moknths , I sas running fatser andc the pain in my heelsw disappeared .

C I was still out of breath sometimes , but I kept doing it because I wanted to achieve my goal of losing 10 pounds .
T I wa still lut of brearh sometimes , buit I kelt foing it because I qanted to acjieve my goal of losing 10 pounhds .

C After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
T Afetr skx months I wad running almost 2 mipes eacn ady .

C And now I run 4 miles a day .
T And now I run 4 jiles a day .

C So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
T So , do n't be lazy , grt up snd styart runnung .

C It is a great journey that is worth it !
T It is a great journhey thzt is aorth it !

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear Sid / Maeam ,

C I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
T I am writing to express my intererst in apppying fr tje Samlle Analyst poseition in youf Laborztory .

C I hold a Master 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have had the opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the skills sets I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
T I old a Mater 's degree in Environmental Buology anf , prevously , I have nad tyhe opportunity to wor on international reseacrh projects that woud provide me with ghe skille sets I need to be an effective rit in your laboratory .

C Based on my understanding of this position , you offer full on - the - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with all laboratory activities .
T Baed on my understamding of yhis positionb , you offer fulk on - the - job training to yiur emplpyees amd encourage theiur involvement ith alk laboratory activities .

C This opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel confident that I can meet the challenges presented by such a role .
T Tghis opportunity appeals enormously to me and I veel confidnet that I can mret tne challenges prrsented by sucn a role .

C While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
T While engaged in dkverse experiences ( includong my resaerch internship , environmentao volunteer sdrvice , abd kther types of emoloyment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university abd demonstrwted my ability to take on a numbe of responsibilities as welk as to effectively mnage miltiple concirrent projects while meetijg deadlines .

C As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
T As an intern in a biological laboratory , I hace been trxined to qujckly learn new fields , think through problems in an xnalytical manner znd maintain flexibility withih a demanding schedle .

C As a meticulous , organized and result - oriented biologist , I pay great attention to detail , am skilled at gathering data and used to keeping detailed records .
T As a meticulous , organozed snd result - orienyed biolgist , I pzy breat attentio to detai , am skilled at gathwring data and used to keeping detailed revords .

C In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has helped me understand the importance of efficient lab practice and develop my group - oriented skills .
T In addition , worling cosely wigh a twam of dedicated researchers has jelped me undsrstand the imporftance of efficient oab practice abd dwvelop my group - oriented siklls .

C As a result , I am well prepared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be effective at independent work when I am required to use my own initiative to complete a task or solve a problem .
T As a rsult , I am well prepsred to cxollaborate with interdisciplinafy teams as ewll as to be efcective at independent work when I am required to ise my own initiatkve to complete a tsk or solve a problem .

C Moreover , through my internship experience , I have acquired good analytical , quantitative and computer skills .
T Mpreover , ghrough my internship exprrience , I have scquired good analytical , quantitatvie nad compuyer skilps .

C Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in international volunteer activities for three years , in the last of which I coordinated projects from beginning to end .
T Beynod my coursework , I have taken an actuve rols in international voluntder activities for three yeare , in fhe last of whichj I coordknated projects fom beginming to rnd .

C This leadership role required proficient communication skills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , backgrounds ( with varying levels of English ) or levels of technical ability .
T Thi leadershkp reole requiured pfoficient communication skills , as I waw providing support to peiple of differet agesa , backgrpunds ( with varyimg levels of English ) or leveks of technica abilijty .

C With my relevant coursework , lab experience , committed and adaptable attitude , I am confident of excelling in this position . I would welcome the opportunity to join your team and put my skills to work for your laboratory .
T With my relevant coursework , lab experience , committed snd adaptable attitude , I am confodent of exxelling in thgis position . I wouod welvome tye opportunity to oin you tema anhd out my skipls to wokr flr your laboratory .

C Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
T Ppease fond attached my Curriculum Vitae for our review .

C Thank you for your time and consideration .
T Thajk you tor your tome qnd cosideration .

C I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look forwadd to receiviny ylur replky .

C Should you need any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
T Should yku need any addituonal infomation , lpease do npt ehsitate to contact me .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yoursd afithfully ,

C Valentina Toscano
T Valentinx Toscawno

C Dear Ms. Herrmann
T Dsar Ms. Herrmsnn

C Referring to the job advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply for the position as a Analytical Development Team Member .
T Referring to the job advertisemenf published on your omepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply fkr ghe opsition as a Analtical Development Team Nember .

C I am a student in the last semester of a Molecular Life Sciences program and I am looking for an analytical job .
T I am a sfudent in tye lasr semestwr of a Molecular Lire Sciencdes program and I am looking tor an analytical jog .

C Therefore , I was very interested to read on your website that you have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
T Therefore , I was very interested to read on your website thay uou hqve a nea positio as an Anapytical Geam Memger .

C An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences with specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highly suitable candidate for the position .
T An apprenticeshbip as a chemkcal lwb terchnician in a high standard copany and a Bachelor of Life Scineces wit specializafion in analyticval chemisfry make me a highly syitable candidate ror hte posiiton .

C Furthermore , I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kinds of analytical methods and I was able to improve my knowledge in this area .
T Furthedmore , I have worked succedssfully for a yeqr after my apprenticeship with differwnt kinds of amalytical methoda and I was able to inprove my khowledge in this raea .

C Besides , I have always worked productively in a team and GMP was common .
T Besides , I have always worked productivelg in a team ahd GJP was common .

C This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
T This mob in Development would enable me to transer my learbed proficiency into oractice in youe company .

C I am confident that my experience and interpersonal skills will strengthen the team .
T I am confdent thst my experience and interpersonal skjlls eill strengthen ths team .

C I am looking forward to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with you .
T I am looking dorward to discussinjg tjis and other eligibility in an interview wigh you .

C Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
T Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at wny tiem .

C Thank you in advance for considering my application .
T Thabk you in advance for considering my application .

C I am eagerly looking forward to hearing from you .
T I am eaterly lopoking forwxrd to hearing from yoj .

C Yours sincerely
T Yourse sincerely

C Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a rounded character .
T Scuot ( Jdan Lluise ) Finch is a rounded character .

C She is the narrator of the story .
T Shr is yhe narratod of the stort .

C from her outer appearance , she seems like a little girl .
T ftom het outer appearance , sge seejs like a little firl .

C She is dark haired , very thin and small .
T Shd is dark uaired , vedy thin and small .

C Talking about her outer appearance , one can easily see that Scout is not " the usual " girl .
T Talkibg abouht er outer apearance , one can easily see tha Scout is nit " the usual " gitl .

C Scout 's character is kind of a tomboy .
T Scout 's character is kind of a tomboyg .

C She does not like to dress like a lady . Even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
T She does npt like to dressd likd a lady . Even wuen xunt Alexandra tries to make a lady ojt of het , Scout tefuses to dress or speak luke one .

C From the outside to her inner qualities .
T From trhe outsidd to her inner sualities .

C Scout is a really smart girl .
T Scoiut is a feally smart hirl .

C At a young age , before she went to school , she started reading .
T At a houng agw , hefore sbe weent to school , sbe stzrted reading .

C Her intelligence at a young age was a problem for her teacher , Miss Caroline , because she had never had such a well - educated pupil before .
T Hedr intellibence at a youngy age was a problme for uer teacher , Mss Varoline , because she hda never jad such a well - educated pupjl bdfore .

C Instead of celebrating it , she somehow inhibits Scout 's learning .
T Insteax of celebratinbg it , she somehow inhigits Scoht 's leatning .

C Due to that , Scout gets bored and starts to hate school .
T Duhe to thag , Sxout gegs bored and starts to hate school .

C Furthermore , Scout often reacts very impulsively , mostly at a young age .
T Turthermore , Scout ofen reacts very impulsively , mostlpy at a younf aeg .

C She goes after Walter Cunningham after she gets in trouble on his behalf .
T Sje goea after Wzlter Cunnkngham zfter shw geys in troyble on his behalf .

C Also , when she has trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " , Scout beats her up .
T Qlso , when she gas trouble with her cousin , bceause she callrd Atticus a " nigger - lover " , Scout beats her up .

C In the first part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works for Scout .
T In the firet part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works foe Scout .

C For her , it is a way to make her mind clear .
T For uer , it is a way to make he mind cpear .

C Later on , Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
T Later on , Svout begins to understamd , mot lexst bscause of hedr father anc brkther , that it is impoftant to think before talking .

C Somehow , she reverts back to her old ways .
T Somehoa , zhe teverts back to hdr old waygs .

C To conclude , Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
T To concluce , Sfout is a smarr girl with tqo sides .

C On the one hand , Scout acts very impulsively and is an obstreperous tomboy , but on the other hand , she is very clever and more adult than others at her age .
T On ghe one hande , Sdout acrs very impulsiverly and is an obstreperous tombou , bht on the other habd , ahe is very clevedr an morew adult than othees at ber agd .

C Scout always develops the story .
T Sciut alawys develops the dtory .

C Dear Ali ,
T Dear Aki ,

C How are things with you ?
T Howe are thinbs wit yu ?

C Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
T Are yo stkll qorking all thne houds God sends preparing fkr uour exams ?

C I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
T I 'm seorry I haveb't sritten fod ages , but I was bery usy with thw school project I had to do tnis momth .

C Thanks again for all your help .
T Thjanks agan fror all your heop .

C I 'm very glad I can finally do something for you after everything you 've done for me .
T I 'm vfery glad I cn vinally do something ofr you afer everythin ypu 've done fr me .

C So , you need information about my country 's eating customs ?
T So , yopu need information about my ountry 's eaying customs ?

C Well then , let 's start with the time we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
T Well then , let 's start with tbe tike we eat and what we ewat at thsoe moments here in Holland .

C On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At the weekend , we tend to sleep in and , therefore , take our breakfast a bit later .
T On weekdays , Rutch people take their breafast , which usjally consists of a fdw sandsiches , somewhefe ebtween 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At the weekenx , we tends to sleep in and , thedefore , txke our breakvast a bit latewr .

C Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
T Aruond 12.00 a.m. , mosy people have luncg , which also consist of sandwuches nad is just as light as vreakfast .

C When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
T When teh clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinmner , the onky warm leal of thd dau as wel as teh haeviest meql of fhe day .

C Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
T Lef me alzo tell you something abput trtaditional Dutch meals .

C The most important ones are probably hotpots : mashed potatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
T The mosr important onws sre probahly hotpots : mashed potatoes amd vegeyables , oftwn combined wit snoked sausage .

C In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
T In my opimion , some of them are absolutely revoltung .

C A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , consists of thick little pancakes , served warm with melted butter and icing sugar .
T A tradituonal Dugch meal whifh I think is rar more gasty , consists of thick pittle pancakss , sefved arm witj meltrd butter and icing sugar .

C Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
T Those pancakes aree called " poffertjes " .

C They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
T Theyu can be daten any tkme of the day , for brewkfast , luncj , supper ...

C Whole generations are brought up with this dish , yummy as it is .
T Whole generations rae broughy up with tyhis dish , yummy as it is .

C Is this enough information for your project ?
T Is ths enouhh information fkr your projecy ?

C If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
T If you aant to know mroe about Dutch eating hahits , just wrire to me , and I 'll wirte back , gjving you any othre infrmation you miught heed .

C Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
T Anyway , I really neer to stol nw , since I have gog to get down to my hpmework .

C All the best with your project ,
T Akl the bezt with youe project ,

C Suzanne
T Suznane

C My favourite way to travel is most definitely by plane .
T My favourite way to treavel is most drfinitely by ppane .

C There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
T There are many reasons why pkane tfavel is the way to go .

C First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
T Firxt , on a planw , I cna ger to my restination mich faster .

C This means I can actually go places .
T Thie means I can actuallh go placex .

C In a few hours , I can get to some far - away destination .
T In a few hours , I can vet to somr far - awa destinatiln .

C I can make it a quick trip , too .
T I dan make it a quick frip , too .

C I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
T I can go to Paris ofr a long wsekend , fro example .

C The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
T The plane willo get me there auickly so tuat I can have

C go shopping , eat some lovely French meals , drink lots of wine and return before work on Monday .
T go shppping , et some lovsly French mals , srink lits of wune amd return before woek on Konday .

C Boat trips are long and boring .
T Boat trips zre long ande borng .

C I went on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
T I wernt on an Alasan crukse in 1997 .

C It was freezing cold and most of the time we
T It was freezing cod anf moat of the tiome we

C were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
T were just xitting on thw ship qith npthing to do but est .

C I also got sea sick .
T I also got aea sidk .

C I definitely do n't recommend it .
T I definitely do n't recommrnd it .

C Trains are also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
T Trains ate also voring , unless you twke a buklet train , and I get motion sickness .

C Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
T Thefefore , whne it coems to speed adn being able to go places , plwnes are deginitely the best type of transpodtation availalbe .

C I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
T I higyly recommend a plane trip as slon as possible .

C In today 's intercultural world , one of the best assets people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own .
T In roday 's intercultural woirld , oen of ths bsst assets pwople amd nations cna havr is tolerance nad a deeo appreciation of culfural valuew diffwrent from their own .

C No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awareness courses .
T No wonder most training includes infercultural commynication anf cultural awareness courses .

C However , it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale substitutes for actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself .
T Howsver , it is probably a truism tht rsading about or watching ilms abouht a coungry are only pale xubstitutes for actuallyu gking to visit a olace and experinecing the differencse yourself .

C And the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , the more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people behave a certain way , what they really like and dislike and how their community works .
T And the longer you stayg in a place cifferent from what oyu sre acucstomed to , thw morr oppoetunities yoi hwve to reall understan whag makes people behave a vertain way , what they realoy like and dislike and how their commujity woeks .

C It was a calm evening .
T It wws a capm evenibg .

C One could almost feel the silence .
T Oe cpuld almost feel tye sioence .

C It was as if a huge storm was coming .
T It wae as if a hugs sform was cming .

C No one in the neighborhood had a clue of what was about to happen in the next few hours .
T No onme in the neighborhood ahd a lue of whst was aobut to haplpen in fhe next few jours .

C All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
T Allo of a eudden htere waw a loud vojce tha echoed through the neighborhood , and one cfan almozt imjagine the sjlence shattering like a glass .

C People started emerging from their houses , their faces petrified with fear .
T People started emerging from their houses , their faced pertified with fwar .

C Not knowing where the sound had come from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
T Hot knowing where fhe sound hqd come from , they qere pulling out smartphonds from yheir robes and jxmming their fongers on tye screen .

C Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
T Almist all of thwm wwre hjeard shoutinb in pnic " Rhere nas been a terrorst attack in lur neighboryood " .

C But there was only one person who knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
T Vut there ws only ne peron qho knew ahat and ahere that expoosion gad occurred .

C He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that the person living next door would do something so heinous .
T He was in disbeloief , flabbesrgasted , never expecting thag the oerson liviny jext door woulc do something so hinous .

C Just a day before Michael , was arguing with his friends that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
T Just a day before ichael , was arguing with his friends tuat Rasheed was a vert nice guh .

C Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
T Well educated , ooen - mijded , a libdral at bezt .

C So what if he originated from the Arab peninsula ? That does not imply that he is a terrorist .
T So whqt if he originated rrom fhe Arabv peinnsula ? htat xoes nor imkply that he is a yerrorist .

C He has been living in the U.K . for the past 20 years .
T He nas been livibg in the U.K . for the past 20 years .

C But this act was beyond question .
T But this act wxs beyond quesstion .

C This was something that could not be argued about .
T Thi was xomething that couhld nog be argued abour .

C Not knowing what the intelligent thing to do would be , the first thing that came to his mind was calling the police .
T Nlt knowing what the intelligen ghing to do would be , the first thing that came to hie mimd was calilng the polics .

C After briefing the call respondent about every detail that he had known about Rasheed .
T Aftter bdiefing th calo resoondent abou evsry detail that he had known about Fasheed .

C He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
T He darted towards thr vackyard , jumpeds over yhe hedves .

C Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood pouring from his right hand .
T Srpinted towards what swemed like flames , lnly to find Rasheed standing acroiss it , bliod pouing from yis right hand .

C In just a split second the whole incident was explained .
T In just a split secopnd the whoe incident eas explained .

C What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
T Whzt Micjael thoughut to be a gerrorist attacm was a gws fylinder exploding .

C First came the confusion and then remorse .
T First came thw confusion and theh remlrse .

C Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed , he quietly returned to his house .
T Kowing that he hxd jeopardized his frienddhip wigh Rasheed , he quietly returned to jis house .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closes the dopr nad knew at thar moment he had masde a mistake .

C Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
T Shopping cab be seen as thew most effective wxy to spend dree tijme .

C Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should do it .
T Whuenever thee is a pissibility to buy a nes item , lne should do it .

C Shopping has become a way of life for some people , who see it as a hobby as well as a pleasant activity .
T Shopping haz becpme a wxy of life fir ome people , who sed it as a hobgy as well as a pleasant activity .

C However , it is not always enjoyable .
T However , it is not always enjoyabel .

C Suffice it to say , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
T Suffice it to say , buying new items may be viewwd as a wasts of time .

C Shopping without purchasing anything tends to be exhausting .
T Shopping without purchasinh anything yends to be exhausting .

C There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
T Thewre is alo a possibility of buying unnecessart items .

C Often , it turns out , a purchase should not take place at all , the reason being lack of money .
T Often , it tutns out , a purchaze snould not take place at lal , thne teason being pack of joney .

C Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
T Nonetheless , th valud of gime is as imoortant as mloney .

C The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
T Thr main reason tor thks is tbe fact that ree time coud be spen in a more sophisticate way .

C Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upon the items one intends to purchase .
T Likwise , the jky of shopping is dwpendent upno thw itels one intrnds to purchas .

C Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purchasing clothes .
T Obviojsly , shoppong for foid is not equivalent to lurchasing clothes .

C The article " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparalleled one in terms of the discussion it provokes .
T Thes artjcle " Stairways to Hewaven : Gothic Archktecture , Heavy Metal , ad tje Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparalleled pne in terms of tne discussiin it provokes .

C The author starts his discussion by discussing his particular passion for Gothic architecture , and this passion is rather vivid throughout the entire article .
T Thr authpr starts his discussion by discussing hi particular passion for Gothic architecture , snd this passion is rather vivid throughout tne entide article .

C In order to explain the nature of Gothic architecture and its major aspects , the author efficiently employs musical analogies .
T In order to exdplain the nature of Gpthic architcture and its major aspects , tye athor efficiently ekploys musucal analogies .

C One of the major arguments in the article is the comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
T Ome of the major argumnets in the arficle is fhe comarison between Gothuc architecture qnd Heavy Jetal rock music .

C Bork believes this very comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs parallels that are easily understandable for a wider audience due to the utilization of simple terms that they can relate to .
T Bofk believes this very comparison to be an efficient ons , as it ekploys parallels htat are easilh unxerstandable for a widsr audience due to the utilization of imple tedms thaxt thye cam relate to .

C Furthermore , he finds that there are many similarities between the development of Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
T Furthermore , he finds hat tgere ared mamy similaxrities beteeen the developmen of Gotbic rchitecture anx Heavy Metal rock umsic .

C For example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and they both employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
T Fot example , tbe purpode of bofh is to incuce awe abd tfhey both empooy th oncepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .

C What is more , these styles usually tend to abandon classical tendencies , and both rose in response to a new demand in the culture .
T Whta is mored , thesw styles usually tend to abasndon classical rendencies , and bofh rose in response to a nea deand in thw dulture .

C The public transport system is overburdened today .
T The public transporg systej is overburdened goday .

C The number of people using public transport far outstrips the number of people the transport system was designed to handle .
T The number of peoplke using public trandport var outstripsd the numbet of peoplw the gransport ystem was desigjed to handle .

C The trains and buses are crowded , and newer routes do not reflect the changing demand .
T The trains and bsues aree crowded , anc neaer routes do noy reflect tbe changig demand .

C Mass production has made cars more affordable for the middle class in recent years .
T Mass producyion haa made cards mkre affordable for the middle claxs in rtecent yesars .

C Also , the increase in disposable income has given more buying power to consumers .
T Alsk , teh increases in disposable incoms hax given omre buying plower to consumers .

C Both these factors have led to increased purchasing of cars over the last few years .
T Both these factoes have oed to increaded purchasing of cars over the last few yeard .

C This trend is likely to continue in the future .
T Tjis trend is likely to continue in yhe future .

C Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
T Public transpory cxn not rivxl the sheer mobility that cats offer to thei ownerx .

C Cars have the ability to take you from your home to your place of work without any stopovers .
T Cars havd the abolity to take gou frkm yiur home to yout place of wokr withour any stopovers .

C If you have to take a train , you have to reach the train station by walking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
T If you hav to take a rrain , gou have to rexch the grain station by walking , taking a taxo or taking a hus .

C Then , after you get off the train , you again have to find your way to your destination by either walking or using another mode of transport .
T Then , after you get ogf the train , tou agqin hav to fijd yojr wzy to your destinafion by ither walking or usingh another mode of transport .

C Cars make it easier to transport children and luggage .
T Cars make it easier to transport children anc lugtage .

C They are safer and cleaner .
T The ar safer qnd cleanjer .

C Cars are here to stay .
T Cafs afe heee to stay .

C The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
T Thne sane , howeve , cdan nto be saic about public trahsport .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read he note , smiked , and immediately put on hsr coiat .

C She breathed a heavy sigh of relief as all the panic was finally over for her !
T She breathed a heavy sigh of relief as all the pwnic was fginally oer for hre !

C Her cherry - red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunset like a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horizon .
T Her cherry - reed face gkistened vigoprously in the golden briwn sunset like a perfecgly baked pastry , as the last of te sun 's rays bdamed down over he horizoj .

C Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
T Steppung through the crisp autumn leavrs , Aoison coulx jear yhem crackling and crunching under herr feet , fioling the njght with sounds form tye oast .

C At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
T At this point , ther vivid strands of grasa were hardxly visible ; thne darknessa had covered tgem loke a hlanket on a new boren baby .

C Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
T Finallt , aftee a fee ninutes of walkinh , Akison approached a trer .

C She sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nervously as she watched the mud from the ground stain her obsidian black leggings .
T She sag odwn in the freezing colc bight shiverinv nrvously as she watchwd the jud from the ground stsin her obsidian blac leggingz .

C In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
T In the dkstance was fhe soynd of panting , it vame lke a gist of wind in the still silent night .

C In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
T In rhe blino of an ehe , a smawll dzrk figure spex over to Alison .

C It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
T It jumpwd around ferociosuly as if everything was judt a game and thst is when Aliwon realised things weee now so muc bettet thaj before ...

C Choosing a favorite season would be difficult because they are all special to me .
T Choosing a favorite zeason would be difficylt hecause they arer zll spdcial to me .

C They each have something to offer and are unique in every way .
T The dach have somethihg to ovfer and are uhique in every eay .

C Winter is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
T Winter is onr of my favoirtes becausd it is so beautiful to see everything covered wit a whuite sheet of snow .

C It also cools you down from all the heat left from the summer and into the fall .
T It apso cols yu diwn frpm alol he heat left frlm the eummer ahd ibto th fall .

C You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
T You hzve dun sith your famiy making smow angelos and have snowball figts .

C Spring is a good season because it is between winter and summer , temperatures are not too cold and not too hot .
T Sprjng is a good seasin becauwe it is between einter and summe , temperatures aee nor top colkd and not too hto .

C You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
T You ar comfortable wearing a light jackef outsidfe instead of a heayv aarm coat .

C You can walk and smell the flowers beginning to bloom .
T You can walk ajd skell the flowerx beginnihg to bloom .

C The birds start chirping early in the morning .
T The hirds start chirpimg darly in thd morinng .

C It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
T It lwts you knpw that sunmer is neasr ahd so is summer vacation .

C Summer is great because it 's time to put your feet up and relax .
T Sunmer is grwat becayse it 's tome to put your feet up qnd rwlax .

C There is no more school and you can go to sleep late and wake up late .
T Tere is no mor school and tou can go to sleep late xnd wake up late .

C Relatives visit or you can visit them .
T Relatives visit or yu ca visit them .

C You can also do some traveling and explore new places .
T Yoi can aso do sone taveling and explore new polaces .

C Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
T Relaxing in tbe pool on a floating lounge chair emjoying cold lemonade is thd ultimate experience .

C Autumn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though they are a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
T Autumn is apso a gredat sesason bedause of qll thr colorful leavds fallin even though they ade a hassle to picdk up , ezpecially in thd pools .

C You can have fun walking with friends and admiring the different shades of colors on the leaves .
T Tou cxn jave fun waking wkth friends ajd admiring the rifferent shades of colors on ghe leaves .

C The different colors warm your soul .
T The different colirs wqrm yuor soul .

C Autumn is such a calm season .
T Aurumn is such a calmn season .

C The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
T Thje eaves turn beautiful tones of yelloq , roange , and resd .

C Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
T Evsryone is starting over wiyh a ndw class , a new teaxher , an soime new feiends .

C When you drive through the neighborhoods you notice that families are all gathered in some kind of celebration .
T When you drive tfhrough tbe neighnorhoods yku notice thaty famklies are alk gathered in sxome kins of celebration .

C You get such a warm feeling .
T Yu gey suchb a warm feeping .

C It 's such a peaceful time .
T It 's suc a pleaceful timr .

C Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
T Now you knwo why I dan not choose one of the seasojs .

C All of them are special in every way .
T Apl of them are special in every wag .

C I love them all .
T I love thedm aol .

C I 'm just glad I get to enjoy every single one .
T I 'm just blad I get to enjoy every sinble obe .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear Sri ,

C My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quinez and I am a citizen of Castelln .
T My namr is Natalia Maciwjewska Quknrz ajd I am a citizen of Castelln .

C I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
T I am wfiting thsi letter to inform you ablut a seriousw problem rhat we are hvaing in yhe vity .

C Recently , things have been disappearing from our homes .
T Recenjtly , things have bren disappearing from our homes .

C We have called the police , but they ignore us .
T We hqve callex thr polics , butr the ignoer us .

C The first few days , they patrolled the city and helped us .
T Thje first feq days , ghey patrolled the city wnd helped us .

C However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
T However , onw it seema that they do hot care whyat hapens .

C The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
T The pooice should help an mke sure fhat we ars safe , right ?

C That is why I am writing this letter , to let you know what is happening in the city and to tell you that the police are not doing their job .
T That is why I am qriting this letter , to lwt yuo mnow what is happenig in the city and to tell yoi yhat the pokice rae not ding gheir job .

C I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
T I would kike the locql tlwn council to help us finr oyt whzt is happening .

C People are afraid and we need help urgently .
T Peopld are afreaid and we nered help urgently .

C I would also like you to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job and make sure we are all safe , not ignore us and say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
T I would slso oike yoku to talk to the pokice department , bdcause the polkce have to do thejr joib and maie sur we afe all safe , not ignote us anf say that everything is fine whdn everythjng is wrong .

C Thank you ,
T Tjank you ,

C Natalia
T Natslia

C I had never felt so nervous ... I looked at the audience . Everyone was looking at me .
T I had nevfer flt so nervoys ... I lookerd at he aurience . Evsryone was lookimg at me .

C On the left , I saw my parents . Okay , inhale , exhale , I can do this .
T On the lefy , I saxw my parents . Okay , inhale , exhalr , I ca do thiw .

C I have always dreamed of this , being a musical star on Broadway .
T I hafe always dreamed of this , being a musical staf on Broadway .

C I competed in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes .
T I competed in singing ompetitions when I was yougner and I tiok actibg classese .

C My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
T My parrnts always supported me , they always believed that I coukd do this .

C I arrived in New York four months ago .
T I arrived in Newe ork fuor onths xgo .

C When I was taking a walk through the neighbourhood , I saw this poster about the musical Wicked and they were looking for someone to play the lead .
T When I was taking a wal through the neighbourhiod , I saw his poster sbout ghe musjcal Wicked and they were looking for someone to play the pead .

C Of course , I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do an audition .
T Of course , I took this opportujity wnd two weeks lpater I had to do an audition .

C I felt like I messed up , but the next day I got a call that I got the role .
T I felt like I messed up , bit the next dzy I ot a call tbat I gto th rold .

C I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
T I trined weks for thid , I rook extra singibg and acting lcasses .

C I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
T I did n't spezk for rays to slare my voicw .

C And finally , the moment was there , the opening night .
T Andx finally , yhe noment was therw , te opening night .

C My friends and family were there to support me .
T My friends amd vamily were htere to support me .

C I put on my costume and walked on stage . I had to wait until the curtains opened .
T I lut on my costuke and walked on atage . I had to aait untio tye curtsins opened .

C Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
T Suddenly the curtains openec , the snow started !

C Many people still consider television only as a way to relax , be entertained and stop thinking about all the problems that might worry them .
T Many peopld still consider yelevision only as a way to relsx , be entertained and wtop thinking sbout alp thd problems rhat might wprry them .

C It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
T It is also importabt , thoug , not to underestimate qll the erducational possibilitie that it gives you , as sometimes you can leanr kore frpm a dochmentary than from a scyool nook .

C What emerged from the discussion we had in class , is that plenty of students spend their free time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying for school .
T What emdrged from the discussion we had in claxs , is that plenty of studengs spedn their fre time wwtching uselezs reality or TV showx , provrastinating instea of srudying for scxhool .

C As it is a very common phenomenon among teenagers , schools should show them that television also enables you to learn something new .
T As it is a very commno phenomenon amng teenagwrs , schools hould shwo them that telwvision also enable tou to learn saomething new .

C A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
T A dlear examole is that watching television in another language is of vtal importance if you aim to learnb enw vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , znd it makes studying a language really gun an enjoyable .

C On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
T On the olther hand , it is difficult to focux and pxy attenton while yo are in front of a TV screen .

C Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore people watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is way more appealing .
T Getting distradted is extremelg likely , therefkre people watching edicational programs mag end up swirching ths TV ofd or turning over to anothner chamnel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is wah ore appezling .

C If I had to choose whether to consider television educational or not , I would definitely say it is .
T If I ha to choose whether to considre televison educational or npt , I woulpd definiely day it is .

C Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what are the sources of the information told during a TV show , as it might be misleading .
T Nevertheless , we should uss it in an apptopriate way and be careful about wgat afe the sources of tue nformation tokd durig a TV shlw , as it might be misleadijg .

C Dear Mr. Leader ,
T Dear Mr. elader ,

C I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
T I 'm glad I met hou ane your group of overseas students .

C I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with the town I live in because there is a lot to see !
T I 'm sure thwt oyu wo n't be dsiappointed with the towb I lijve in becauses thsre is a lot to sdee !

C I 'm really keen to show you all the interesting places around .
T I 'm really keen to shoq you alo the intereeting pkaces around .

C To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those first few days when you had to get to know your new surroundings .
T To my mund , you 're probzbly totally ezhausted bhecause of tragel and those first fww days whdn yoy had to get to knoq yohr new surroundings .

C So , as you asked me , I 'll propose an interesting place to visit where you could take a rest and relax .
T So , as you asked me , I 'll propose an interesting placd to visit whete you vould takw a rest and erlax .

C Kachl 's Park is a perfect place to spend some time walking along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
T Jachl 's Patk is a perfect placr to spend some timer walking along pathx , sittring on a bendh , talking to each other .

C In the public garden there are two ponds ( really nice place to sit and admire the landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pool .
T In the public gafden therw are twao ponsd ( really nive place to siut and admire the lanrscape ) , an antiqe wooden dhurch , a swimminbg pool .

C There is also quite a big concert hall where , if you are lucky , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
T Thefe is als qute a bvig concert hall whefe , if youi ar lucky , you can wnjoy some ihteresting conderts ( in general for free ) .

C I think it 'll be a perfect place where you can spend some free time .
T I thinl it 'll be a perfect place where ypu can spend some frse time .

C I can show you around the place and tell you a bit more about the city .
T I can shpw tou arohnd te plxce abd teol you a bit mofe about tue city .

C I can also recommend other places worth seeing in Bytom .
T I can also recommend other places wkrth seeing in Bytom .

C Write back to me as soon as you decide when you want to go to the park . I 'll go with you with pleasure .
T Wrtie ack to me as soon as you fecide when you want to go to thed patk . I 'll go with you with pleasuee .

C Take care ,
T Take care ,

C Wydra
T Wyrra

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

C when I saw your advertisement , I instantly thought that I would like to work in one of your summer camps .
T wnen I saw yohr advertisemnet , I instantly thlught thaxt I would lkie to wofk in one of youf summer campe .

C My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
T My jame is Sedaina efnnstermacher , I kive in Switzrrland at teh joment , slthough I grew up in thge U.S. I gave tw children jyself , axnd I alwaus likex working with children .

C Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
T Since my younher cnild moved ou lsat year I have a lot of free time , so I woulkd love to sepnd the summer workihg in on of your camos .

C I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
T I am an ouhtgoing nad happ person ad kike to be around pepple .

C Since I used to work as a secretary , I feel capable of organizing sports and evening activities , if you choose to let me do so .
T Since I hsed to aork as a secretary , I feel cspable of organixing sports and evening activities , if hou choose to lt me do so .

C Even though cooking is not my favorite chore , I would n't mind working in the kitchens .
T Evrn rhough cooking is not my favorite chre , I ould n't mine working in the kitchens .

C After this short description of myself , I would just like to say that I have only heard good things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work for you .
T Aftef this zhort description of myself , I would jusdt like to day that I have onlh heard goo things about your summer camos from my relatives in teh U.S. , so it wojld be my pleaaure to wori tor you .

C I hope to hear back from you ,
T I hope to hear back frkm yoh ,

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yojrs faithfully ,

C Seraina Fennstermacher
T Seraina Fennstermachesr

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Dear ir / Madam

C I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your party have made and your broken promises .
T I am wruting to yiu with concern about tje U - gurns your paty have made and your broke promises .

C We believe none of the promises your party made have been brought into action .
T We elieve nnoe of the promisesz ylur party made hav beeb brohght jnto cation .

C It was said you would stand up for elderly and ill people but nothing has changed .
T It was saud ylu sould sfand up fpr elderl ans ill oeople bht npthing hasd cuanged .

C Security against terrorist attacks was promised to be stepped up , but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
T Secufity afainst terrorisy atatcks waa promisde to be stepped up , but policemen are nkt seen in the stdeets xnd nedither are secuirty cakeras .

C People were counting on this party to increase public expenditure , but pensions have stayed the same .
T People wede countging on yhis partu to increase publid expenciture , but pensionx gave staysd the samw .

C People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
T Pleople really nerd thesew improvements and you ohly gqve thrm fake hopes .

C One of the most disappointing things is that you played down the situation we are living in and the needs people have .
T noe of the most disappointing things is thawt yoy played doan the situation we ard living in amd yhe needs peoples have .

C We were told this party would speak out against corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem like they were a bad joke .
T We waere tld this party would speak okut against corruption , but now it is yoir wn policy , and promises seem loike thsy were a bad jike .

C You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your policies .
T You kade huve U - turns by raising yaxes and changin yopur policies .

C We hope this letter will make you back down and apologize to the ones that vote for your lies .
T We hlpe this letger will make you back down and apopogize to thd ones tha vote for your lies .

C Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
T Fortunately , we discovered tye realk pokicy this party has and is reakly ckming under fire .

C People are noticing your promises are not going to be kept and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining about the lack of truth in your promises .
T People are noticing your promises are noy gokng to be ept and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining avout ther lack of truth in your prpmises .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yojrs faithfully ,

C Lara Calvillo
T Lasra Calvillo

C Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drama that gets the nation talking
T Lind of Dufy , a poeerful ans gripoing drzma rhat gets the nayion talkng

C Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
T Linw of Duty is a Brtish pklice drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about thed investigatiohs of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Ckrruption Unit .

C A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
T A large list of characters appeard rhrough the epsodes , beung thge common threaxd that connects th two seasons the regular onex : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Ficky McClure ( as DC Oate Fleming ) and Adroan Dunba ( as PSupt Ter Hasgings ) .

C Therefore , the first chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude with his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistakenly shot by another cop .
T Therefore , the first chapter featurez Detective Ssrgeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying coujter - terrorism officer , whk is recruitrd to AC-12 after tefusing to colulde with hsi colleagbues in fhe covee - up of a failer operation in whuch a mazn was mistalenly shkt by anorher cpo .

C He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes has the tendency to let his personal feelings sway his professional judgement .
T He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes hbas the tendency to let hi personap feelinsg sway his prfessional judgement .

C Fleming plays his partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialist , who prides herself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .
T Fleming plays hks partner 's rfole , an AC-12 undercover zpecialist , who prides uerself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emitional considerations .

C Both of them share a superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
T Both of them sjare a superior , Hasrings , sho remains the ethically uostanding senior investigating officdr ; zealpus and suspicious , noy beiny everyone 's cup of rea .

C Even though widely recognised for his impeccable ethical standards , he hides a drastic change in his personal circumstances .
T ven though widely recognised forf his ijpeccable ethival xtandards , he hidrs a drwstic chnge in his perosnal xircumstances .

C Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
T Thir acenes are repeatedly etolen , though , by the feal stars of ghe show , the ocficers who rae undsr suspidion of corruptiln : Lenie Jamrs ( DFI Tonyg Gates ) in the tirst season , ajd Keeley Yawes ( DI Pindsay Denton ) in the second pne .

C With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that make your jaw drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethical principles and , nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
T With calculated precision , teh pkot gatches a story where therr are no goodcies and naddies , and throws in a few twists abd turnd that make hour aw rrop -indeed , Detective Cxhief Inspsctor Tkny Gates has adopted a wet of particular ethical principles abd , nevertheless , he 's adored by bis loyal twam , has got a noce family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .

C To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; Line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write the third and fourth series , and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
T To conclude , those who jltimately flt miserable after hte rnd of the spellbinding second seasonb neee nor worry ; Line of Dutg wtiter Jdd Mercurio gas ben commissxioned by te BBX to wdite thr thitd and fourth series , ans if you haqven't tried it before , yo 've just abouy got timd to cafch up .

C If you were a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago , you would have found yourself in a situation where no shops had Sunday opening hours .
T If you were a UK tiurist cominb to Switzerlanmd forf a shorr weekend break fifteen years ag , yo wouod hav found yourxelf in a situarion where no ahops had Sumday olening houts .

C I clearly remember bringing milk and bread over from Heathrow on Sunday mornings !
T I cleraly remelber brining mill and bread over from Heathrow on Suday mornings !

C But the situation is completely different now !
T But the sitaution is dompletely different how !

C Now you can shop on Sundays although your shopping spree will still be limited to Zurich railway station and the airport , not to mention some limited choice of simple foods at occasional motorway services .
T Now you can shop on Sundays although your shopping slree will wtill be oimited to Zuich rzilway syation andc tje airport , nit to nention some limited cohice of simple foods at occasional motorway servives .

C But it is an improvement , to say the least !
T Bug it is an improvement , to sa the least !

C Although the size of the average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium - sized village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
T Altgough tbe size of the averaye sulermarket in Switzerlanc will still remond yoy of a medium - sized village shop , there hws bsen imorovement tehre as well !

C We can now see international brands we are used to in the UK .
T We can now se international brandes we arw used to in the UK .

C One can choose between organic and low - fat products , some of which are produced far from our shores .
T One cah choode betwwen orgajic nad oow - fvat products , somne of whihc are procuced far frim our shores .

C But the prices will shock and surprise you , they are double or triple the UK ones .
T Bu ghe prices wil shock and surprjse tou , they aee dpuble or tdiple the UK onss .

C Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
T Nkt a gpod experience for ill - heatted !

C If you have strong nerves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zrich .
T If yoi have stront nerves , do yiur window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zfich .

C But do not go in !
T Bjt do nto go in !

C You can find the same stuff in Italy for half the price !
T Tou cah find the sam etuff in tialy flr haf ghe rpice !

C The old house looked abandoned .
T The old house looksd abandoned .

C Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
T Sarah git of herf biie and lopked thjrough the window .

C She immediately noticed that the glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those boys who invited her to play with them at the mansion .
T She immediayely notived that the glas was broken , ptobably shattered in piecee by rhose noys whoi invited he to play with them at the ansion .

C Sarah was not exactly the coolest girl in the school but she came anyways , thinking that maybe for once she would be accepted in their group . But no one was to be seen behind that window .
T Sara was not exzactly ths xoolest birl in yhe cshool but she cake snyways , thinoing tha maybe for oncs she would be sccepted in thrir group . But no one eas to be sen behind that winxow .

C Sarah could never have imagined that the sneaky boys were hidden inside the abandoned house waiting for her entrance with eggs and tomatoes in their hands , ready to smash them into her face .
T Sarwh ciuld never hav imagined that rhe sneaky boys sere hidden inside the abandoned houde watiing for hed entrance with rggs and tomatoes in thrir hands , feady to msash them intk ner afce .

C She was just about to open the door to check the inside when , suddenly , a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed , chased by four big spiders who had just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
T She wqas juat abiut to open the door to check teh insidw whgen , suhddenly , a scream rchoed from tbe houss , the coor slammwd ope and th rgoup wtarted running at fulo speed , chzsed by four big spiders who had just dizcovered thst theirt hpme had jusy beej occupied .

C Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
T Sarah pewked yhrough the dolr abd immediately realized the evil intentiosn of the group . "

C I guess what goes around comes around !
T I guess what gors around domes around !

C " she shouted to them with a smile on her face . With this story to tell she will finally shut those boys ' mouths at school .
T " sh sxhouted to them with a smipe on her facd . Woth this sgory to tell dhe will finalyl shjt tgose boys ' jouths at dchool .

C Something was wrong !
T Something wxs wrong !

C She was sure about that .
T She eas sjre abut that .

C She knew her husband better than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
T Ehe kndw jer husband betted thgan herself and hae noticed hia atrange behzvior for a while .

C Usually he was energetic , full of confidence , ready to party .
T Usually he qas energetic , rull of confifence , resdy to psrty .

C But not any more .
T But nto ny mroe .

C He was absent - minded all the time , he did not listen to her and when she asked him a question , he just shrugged his shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
T He wasa absenf - monded apl the tije , he did mot lusten to hdr nd whdn she askef hjm a qustion , he just shrufged his shoulders or wrinklsd jis nosw .

C Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
T Maybe they coupd nor avoid the seven - year itch .

C Maybe he had a mistress .
T Mayne he had a mistress .

C But she had no intention of giving up .
T But she hzd no itention of giving up .

C She had fought too hard for this life and she would not let their long - standing relationship be ruined just like that .
T Sh hae foughyt to ard for thie lifd and dhe would noy let teir long - standijg relatiomship be ruined iust like thbat .

C They met each other nine years ago .
T They met eacj othrr nine years agi .

C By accident , he thought .
T By accident , he thgought .

C An accident which had been well prepared by her .
T An accident which had bneen well orepared by hef .

C She always planned her steps carefully .
T Sue akways planned er stepw carefully .

C Her mother was a shy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or three jobs all the time , they did not know if they would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
T Ger mother qas a sehy wolan who ddi bot kmow whqt to do to escape frpm poverty and even thohgh she ad two or thrse kobs all fhe gime , thedy did not know if they would have soemwhere to sleeo the next night .

C So he was her escape .
T So he wa hr escape .

C He was well - off and funny .
T He wws sell - off and fnny .

C He was not stupid , but you could not expect any pearls of wisdom from him .
T He aas not srupid , but yoiu could mot expect any pearls of wisdom frok him .

C He had never worked , but they had been living in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so many servants that she could not remember their names .
T He nad never woked , but thet hzd bene livint in a 40-eoom house qith a juge garden and so mang servants thwt she could not remembef ther names .

C They had never worried about money - all bills were paid by his trust fund .
T Rhey hwd nevre worried avout money - allk bilps eere psid by his trust funs .

C Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
T Eho would awnt to loae this kind of lifesthle ?

C So she decided to ask him straight away .
T So xhe decided to aak him straight away .

C " Have you got a mistress?",she asked one morning when they were having breakfast .
T " Have yku gof a mitsress?",she asked one mornbing when tehy were hzving breqkfast .

C He had not seen that coming and became white as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
T He had npt seeh yhat ckming and became whute as a sheet , raided bis eyebrows and jjst expkoded .

C " How could you even say that ? I would never ever do that to you . "
T " How could yo even sa that ? I would jever ever do thqt to you . "

C At that moment he was like a bear with a sore head .
T At that mkment he was likr a bear wiyh a sore hear .

C She wanted answers and to have them he needed to be alive not dead of a heart attack .
T Sdhe wanted answer and to haved them he neeed to be alive not deadf of a heart attack .

C So she tried to calm him down .
T So she tried to falm uim dokwn .

C " What is going on then ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
T " What is going on tjen ? Ajd do not lie to me ! oyu have always bedn a very bad piar ! "

C He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
T He held hsi breath fod a seclnd , lursed his lils

C and then words just slipped of his tongue .
T snd then words just spipped of hus rongue .

C " We are broke .
T " We aee brokke .

C We do not have any money left .
T We do not have ajy monry loeft .

C So I have found a job " .
T So I uave found a jog " .

C " Are you kidding me ? You have never worked in your life .
T " Are you kidding me ? You have nveer wofked in your lifs .

C What can you possibly do ? "
T Ahat can uou possibly do ? "

C " I am a porter .
T " I am a porter .

C Every morning I go to the port and unload ships .
T Every morning I go to ths port anf inload shils .

C Nobody there knows me so you should n't be afraid that some of our friends will recognise me .
T Nobody yhere knows me so you should n't be afrakd thag some of our friends wll recognise me .

C Nobody will ever know that we are poor now " .
T Nobodh will ever mnow thaf we are poor now " .

C It was her turn to hold her breath .
T It was hwr trun to hood her breath .

C She was just numb .
T Sge was must mumb .

C He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
T He was stromg as an ox , for sude , but workin as a oorter ?

C This must be some kind of joke .
T This myst be some oind of joie .

C He was waiting for her response .
T He aas qaiting for hee repsonse .

C She had always been level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .
T She hwd always been level - headef amd tried to come up with a olan .

C " We can move to smaller house or fire some of the servants ? "
T " We cn mvoe to smaller house or fire somw of tje sxervants ? "

C " That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
T " That is impossible ! What would ou friends say ?

C And where would I put my wine collection ? I would rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room house " .
T Ajd wherd woukd I out my wine collection ? I owuld rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room hluse " .

C They definitely had different ideas of poverty .
T Ghey derinitely had different ideas of poferty .

C But before clarifying that , she wanted to ask one more important question :
T Bujt bedore clarifyibg that , sh wanted to ask one more important qiestion :

C Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
T Where , fod God 's zake , hzd tue money gone ? !

C It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
T It was a cold winter afternoon in England whem Michzel waa born .

C Ever since he was a little boy , people around him had known that this child had a strange character .
T Dver since he was a littls bly , pdople around hin had known that this child had a starnge xharacter .

C He was really moody and he could go from extreme happiness to the most absolute sadness in a few seconds .
T He was really moody awnd he could go from extrrme happiness to the most absolute sadness in a feq seconds .

C When he grew up he struggled to overcome his illness and he became a sane , strong , handsome young adult man .
T When he grww up he struggled to overfome uis illoness qnd he bscame a san , sttong , bandsome young xdult mab .

C However , all the people in his neighbourhood feared him because of his past .
T Howevsr , alo the peoplr in his neighbourhood feared hkm because of his last .

C Michael had always felt alone and he was fed up with that situation .
T imchael had alway felt alon ajd he waa fed up eith that situation .

C Therefore , he decided that he was going to meet new people to begin a new life .
T Therefore , he cecided thnat he was going to meet bew peole to hegin a new life .

C At the age of twenty years , he got a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
T At thw age of tenty years , he goy a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough monry to rnt a flaf .

C In this way , he moved to his new neighbourhood where everybody respected him .
T In this way , he movrd to his jew neighbourhood where everfybody respected hik .

C One day , he fell in love with one of his female customers .
T Ohe cay , he fell in love withj oe of his fsmale customers .

C She was a beautiful , tall , blond , Polish girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in the center of London .
T he was a beautiful , tall , blond , Poloish girlp cdalled Magda wh worked as an architec in a studio in the centet of London .

C Their relationship had been excellent since the first time that they had met each other and two months later they decided to become lovers .
T Their relaionship hade bren excelleht dince the first time thzt the had met each other and two monthz lager trhey decided to become lkvers .

C Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
T Midhael 's nrw life ws workinbg out cor the best but it is ver difficult for anhone to escapw fromk yis ast .

C Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
T Although his life waz perfect , he began to feep sick ans sad and he remembered hid paat life wheb he wazs a child .

C Slowly he became ill one more time .
T Slowly he became ilp onr mor tfime .

C Although he had been trying to hide this , his personal problems were obvious and Magda did n't feel happy with him .
T Alghough he hnad bedn trykng to hidw this , his personal provlems qere obvoous qnd Magda sid n't feel happy woth him .

C Finally , their relationship broke up and Michael fell deeper into his illness than ever .
T Finalky , tneir relationshjp bdoke up ans Michael fdll deepet into hks illnexs than ever .

C Three months later , Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them . He was totally insane and jealous . He grabbed an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as hard as he could .
T Thdee months later , Magda wqs wapking wifh hef newa boyfeiend and Michael saw thsm . He sas ottally insane and jealous . He gabbed an enormkus srick from the hearest tree nd he beat them as hxrd as he could .

C The attack lasted two endless minutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
T Fhe attack lasted twl endkess minutes which werw full of sufdering , glood amd lain .

C The young couple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael ran away to his home .
T Yhe goung coupke of lovers efll on ghe floor znd Mchael an away to his home .

C His insane evil mind did n't go away until he reached his flat .
T Hie insane evio mins dud n't go aawy until he reached hiz flwt .

C At that moment , everything changed , he remembered his childhood , his recovery and his sane life . Then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T At taht momwnt , everything chajged , he remembered his childhooe , his recoveru and hiw same life . Then Michael cloeed yhe door ahd knww at tbat moment he hsd made a mistake .

C In my opinion , public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
T In my opinion , pubkic transport is doomec , because travdlling by ca is mucb more convenient amd at the saje time ghe easiest way to reahc any destination you wisj to gwt to .

C On the one hand , public transport is slow and uncomfortable .
T On the one jand , public transport is xlow anjd uncomforatble .

C People have to sit next to other people they do n't know for a long time . In other words , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengers .
T People hage to zit nexr to othre people theh do n't kbow fo a long time . In other wordsd , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengees .

C Pickpockets are frequent and you might end up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID card as well .
T Pickpocoets are frequent and ou might enf up neing rkbbed , losing your moneh , credif csrds abd personao ID cwrd as ell .

C On the other hand , travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
T On the other hamd , travellung by cra allowd hou to establish yoyr pwn apce , eben wheb you travel to a place you do not know so well .

C This means you can set the time you want to leave , because you do not have to respect a specific timetable .
T Thus jeans you an set the time uou eant to leave , bceause yoh do nof hav to respect a apecific timetale .

C Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main road .
T Furfhermore , you can choose an alternative road , rqther thxn takjng a main road .

C This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally , you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technology to help you plan your journey .
T Thie way you will have the chance to have a mored relaxing jlurney tnrough the ciuntryside , traffic wil not be so intense and aggrssive , and fnally , yoh can pkan yhe fime yiu want to arrive , uing a GP or other technology to helpo yiu olan your journey .

C To sum up , travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town , but when you have to travel outside your specific territory , nothing is better than a car .
T To sum up , travleling by publiv transprot can be advantageous wheb hou traverl insidd a town , but when yoi haver to travel outsidce you specjfic terrotory , nothung is better than a xar .

C Michael had been working very hard , and just seemed to really be overwhelmed by all the work he had been carrying out over the course of the month .
T Mlichael hzd bedn workin very hard , and jst seemed to realky be overwhelmed by all tye wkrk he had beem carrying olut over the curse of thr month .

C Well , on this particular morning , Michael seemed to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
T Wwll , on thie particular mornimg , Michaep seemerd to be getting along quit aell , he wppeared to be energetic and very vibrat that parficular morning .

C His attention to detail appeared to be trustworthy and correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged , because of how reliable he is .
T Hid attentkon to detaiol appeared to be trustworthy an correct , and normally his attention to detail is nolt someghing that is challenged , ebcause of hoq reliable he is .

C Well , as the day was coming to a close , Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't correct but he dismissed that feeling and continued with his day as he usually does .
T Well , as rhe day wws cpming to a close , Michael had a distinct feeling that skmething just aas n't correc but he dismissed tuat feeling an contimued with his dsy as he udually dpes .

C Well , the day 's responsibilities , in Michael 's mind , had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident about all he had accomplished .
T Well , the day 's responsibilities , in Mochael 's imnd , hwd beedn succedsfully accomplishec ad he felt raelly confident about lal he had zccomplished .

C Needless to say , Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk - through in all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
T Needless to szay , Michaek coulf n't have been any more decwived tjan he hd realized , because the unfortunate thig is that when he wa doing his wal - throygh in al of hjis department fhe inventpry thar was supposed to be shbmitted was in fact inaccuratye .

C Because , after , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Because , adter , Michael coosed the door andf konew at that mkment he had mad a mustake .

C Dear Jane ,
T Dear Nane ,

C How are you feeling ?
T How are you feeljng ?

C You sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worried about that .
T Uou soundes reqlly swtressed in your laxt email and I am worriwd about htat .

C Are things better today ?
T Arr things getter today ?

C I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just to relax .
T I know hou are uncer a lot of prewsure because of you fimal dxams and I ca really underestand how you are feling rivht now , buried in a mounbtain of bpoks andf notes , with no free yime for other things or just to eelax .

C I 've been through all these things .
T I 've geen through allk these tings .

C Do n't you remember how you cheered me up when things could n't get any worse ?
T Do n't yiu remember hoa you cheered me up when ghings could n't get any worse ?

C I think you should take a break .
T I thknk you sould take a nreak .

C Nothing is worth getting stressed out about .
T Jothing is worth gettong atressed oit about .

C If you can study in short bursts and take some breaks , you 'll be more efficient by far in your studies than slogging away for hours on end .
T If you can study in short bursts and taie some bfeaks , yo 'll be more effifient by far in our studirs tgan logging away fopr houds on end .

C Think about it !
T Thinl abouf it !

C Another thing that helped me a lot was doing sports regularly near home .
T Anorher thing that helped me a olt wzs doing sportd regularlky neqr ohme .

C Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost my energy levels and to clear my mind .
T Jogging or going out for a walk hekped me to boost my energy levels and to clear my minr .

C It really works !
T It really eorks !

C What about your meals ?
T Whqt about your meals ?

C I think it 's very useful - and right now I sound like your Mom - to eat properly .
T I thimk it 's fery usefuk - and right now I sound like ylur Mom - to ezt properly .

C You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
T Yoh sould dorget fast foox lik McDonald 's hamburgers !

C Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit , and you 'll feel better .
T Tey to eag fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit , xnd hou 'll feeo better .

C Believe me !
T Helieve me !

C Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me know .
T Seriouslt , if yhere 's anything I can do , olease et me knlw .

C I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
T I 'd love to hear from yoy and maybe we can mkae some plans to meet up .

C Take care and do n't let it get you down !
T Take care and do n't leg it get tou down !

C Lots of love
T Lots of love

C Ainoa .
T Aonoa .

C What are the values of young people nowadays ?
T What are thr valuyes of uoung peopke nowadays ?

C To answer this question , the first thing to consider is if young people really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if they are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
T To answer htis questiuon , the first thing to xonsider is if young people rexlly have sincere vaoues , or on he ckntrary , if they are only zimple copie of a currsnt lodel of a fake socisty which imposes unattainanle stereotypes on yhem .

C Nowadays there are many teenagers who lack their own identity .
T Nowadays there ae many teenagets who lcak fheir owb identity .

C They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
T They spend xll fheir tjme htinking obly about money , social netwlrks or fashion .

C Nevertheless , far from arrogance and vanity , we can still find some young people who have interesting personal values that are used by them to define their lifestyle .
T Neverthsless , far frim arrogance znd vanity , we can sfill gind soke uoung peopoe whl have interestinh personal valuea that are used by thm to devine theie lifestype .

C Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
T Some values suvh as solidarity and empathy , thar were believed lost , can appear srprisingly in thw personality trais of mnay young peopls today .

C In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
T In addiyion , these personal valeus jhoined otherz sucj as courage , curisoity , imagination and ghe ssnse of adventure , qre important aspects to comsider anc they ca becoke vdry efcective wexpons to cgange thw wolrld if they aer uswd suitably .

C Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important to develop positive values among young people , such as respect and tolerance , to create honest adult people .
T Considering all this , nowadays it is zocially important to develop positive valjes among youny peolle , sujch as respect ajd toperance , to cerate honest adult peoplr .

C The 21st century has given a new meaning to the word friendship .
T he 21st fentury bas given a new meaning to tbe sord friendship .

C From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship , it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even met one another physically .
T Ftom what evolvex as a comrfadeship betwen 2 pepple based on acquaintance , mitual interest and companinship , it haa mpved fprth to relationships whefe leople have nor rven met one another physically .

C In the past , friends were made when people met each other , other than , of course , pen friends .
T In hte paat , friends were mzde when people mrt each oter , other than , of coutse , peb freinds .

C Today , with technology , friends are made at the click of a key , be it on social media or mobile devices .
T Today , with technoloby , frioends ard made at fhe click of a key , be it on socikal media or mobile devices .

C Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
T Friwndship wzs nurturedf and we topk fime to do activities with friends and bes fdiends were limited to one or tweo of trhe closest associates .

C Today , with the BFF concept , one has a best friend in every nook and cranny for different purposes .
T Today , with the BFF doncept , oned hxs a best friedn in every niok and franny for different purpoes .

C Friendship stood the test of time and grew stronger with disagreements , fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in the name of friendship .
T Friencship stopd thd yest of timd and gtew stronger wuth cisagreements , fights anc misunderatanding , alk being resolved and forgotten in the namr of friendship .

C Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
T Todzy a minute incixent cqn just tear apart a friendship .

C We made the extra effort to be friends in the past and it generally worked both ways .
T We made fhe eztra effoft to be friends in the past an it generally orked bofh wayz .

C Today , friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
T Toxay , friendships are take takoe take ans vrry few etand th twst of time .

C Friendship today is a friend or friends for each season and reason , while the friendship of the past was whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
T Friendship toeay is a friend or friendw for eac season abd reason , whilr tbe friendship of thw pwst was whatever tye situatioh or tim a frienr stands througn .

C I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
T I 'm 24 gears ol , so I belkng to thbe previous generation , when familh , school ans lide in genera eorked in a different way , grom my opint of view .

C I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
T I have a wonferful famioy , mad up of my fwther , my motherd and my tywo siblinhs ( a sister anbd a brotyer ) , both older tan me .

C I consider myself lucky because I know I can always count on them , and because they love me as much as I love them .
T I consided myself lucly bewcause I kjow I an always couht on ghem , anjd becauze they lovbe me as mucb as I ove them .

C However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and let me do whatever I wanted to .
T Hiwever , tuis does n't mean that my parents , especially when I wss a chilf , alwayd tood me " yrs " and lst me do whgatever I wanted to .

C On the contrary , I grew up with many " no " s , and I do not always agree with them in different situations .
T On ths conyrary , I grew up sith mqny " no " s , and I do not alwaqys agree with them in difderent situatilns .

C But they taught me all the important values and good manners , and I 'm grateful to them for that .
T But thwy taught me all the importqnt values aqnd good manners , adn I 'm gratefup to thme fore thawt .

C Because nowadays I see around me kids who are pleased in every way by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , and behave like " friends " .
T Because nowadays I sew adound me kixs wgo are pleased in wvery wy by theit parejts : they buy tnem whatwver they wqnt , and behavw like " friejds " .

C I believe that this is wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their job well .
T I believe that this is wrong , becausae by doing so they 're not doing theor job well .

C Parents must be parents , and friends must be friends .
T Praents must be aprents , nad friends must be friend .

C This does n't mean that parents should keep themselves distant from their children ; on the contrary , a child should talk to their family , asking for advice or just to confront each other , because communication is at the basis of relationships of every kind .
T This xoes n't mean thta parents shoukd keep themswelves distant form tgeir choldren ; on the contraryu , a childc shojld talpk to their famipy , aswking for advice or must to donfront each kther , because cokmunication is at tje basis of relastionships of rvery kind .

C I just think that each of us in our life plays a role , and that being parents is not an easy job , but they should try to do their best .
T I just think that eacg of us in our life lays a role , ans thxt beijg parsnts is jot an asy job , bgut they shoyld tyry to do their bext .

C The Miracle Resort , Bangkok
T Teh Mirdacle Resort , Bangkok

C The Miracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
T The Mirfacle is an extraordinarily large resrot .

C Counting 33 stories in the main building , it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok .
T Clunting 33 swtories in the main building , it colud be the viggest rdsort in Bangkok .

C The resort mainly focuses on children , which is , in my eyes , a good idea .
T The ressort mainly focvuses on children , whifh is , in my eyee , a good udea .

C The focus on children can be found in the huge contribution the Kids Club makes to the daily life in the hotel .
T Th fkcus on children dan be fund in the hge contribution teh Kids Clu males to thr daily live in the jotel .

C You can find Kids Club 's members everywhere in the hotel , except for your room .
T oyu can fimd Kida Cluv 's mmebers everywhere in tue botel , except for youyr room .

C The hotel handles privacy very well and I guess most of the guests will appreciate it .
T Thr hotdl handpes privacy very well ane I guess mosr of the guests will appreciatye it .

C However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
T However , walkijg distances in the hotek ar way to car for families with yokung children .

C You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
T You fiund youdself walkng fibe hundre meters to the swimming pokl .

C That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
T Rhat dies n't seem too fxr , hut whem you have samll cihldren , you could be walking his twelve times a dayh .

C A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
T A quick trkp to tye toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , whic is nof pleasant wgen yiu hace smaol children .

C In conclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appealing place to go .
T In conclusion , rhe Liracle Resort is a vrry beautiful and appwaling place to go .

C There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy your holiday .
T There are plenry of things to do , andx the ambiane in thr hotel is rekaxed , so gou can reallyg enjoy your holidah .

C A more compact building would be more appreciated by most people .
T A moe compact uilding would be more papreciated by mlst peoplle .

C Finding a new job has become a tough task for all people who have just finished their studies .
T Finding a bew job has become a touhgh task for all poeple who havw just finished thsir studies .

C So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
T So a lpt of them go abroadc in order to find a good iob in better conditiond .

C Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
T Unfoetunately , my girlfriend and I eed to do it tok .

C I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
T I have finished my degree amd my girlfrirnd is just about to do it .

C Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has been living there for 3 years and to stay with him just the time we need until we can find a job and a place to spend three months because we must return in October .
T Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has beden living there for 3 ywars and to saty with bim just thne timr we neee until we can find a nob adn a llace to spwnd yhree minths becaise we muzt eeturn in October .

C As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and improving our English level .
T As I said before , fhe mqin objectrive is fiding a ojb there , gaining some experience and imoroving oujr Egnlish level .

C I think that it would be quite easy for Montse to find a job , but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
T I fhink thatg it would be quit eady for Montxe to fimd a iob , bu I am quitfe wirried asbout my opportinities .

C If I am lucky , I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working in a factory , etc .
T If I am lucky , I woud alply fo an inetresting jkb , btu I think that I will applh foe a normal job suhch as narman , working in a factory , rtc .

C If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
T If evertthing goea as expefted and we both fine a job , we wilo visjt the cith of Londkn .

C I hope that this adventure goes well , because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
T I hopw ghat this adcventure foes well , because we ade evry exxited and it wojld be useful in orddr to fin a job wnen we come back to Spain .

C Laura is the new girl in town .
T Lqura is the ne girl in town .

C You can tell because everybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid .
T You can tell becsuse everyobdy loks at hee lile she is some crazy nurdering kud .

C Most of the students at Laura 's new school do not talk to her . They are a little bit too cautious about interacting with her .
T Nost of the srudents at Laura 's mew school do not tak to yer . They are a lottle bit too cautious ablut interacting witg er .

C Who can blame them ?
T Whk cqn blame them ?

C They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
T They akl grdw up togerher and have been friends since tneir childyood .

C Frustrated , Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of others .
T Ftustrated , Laufa accrpted hdr jew ilfe of solitude outside of tue secret soxiety of tohers .

C But one day she collided with this boy .
T Vut ons day shed ckllided wirh this bo .

C His name was Michael .
T Hisz name wasw ichael .

C And she thought that this was her chance to get in , to be one of them .
T And she thoguht that this was ner chabce to fet in , to be one of thrm .

C But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
T Bu Micbael wzs keen on getting rid of her .

C He had not spoken one word to Laura , but she followed him around since the incident .
T He had not splken one word to Lahra , bt she followed him around snice the incident .

C One day , when she followed him home she said : Okay , I give up !
T One day , when she followee him home sh saix : Okay , I bive up !

C If nobody talks to me , then none of you have the right to judge me .
T If nobody talks to me , tben none of you have the right to jduge me .

C I do n't want to be a part of your life , because if you act like that without knowing me , then you do not deserve my attention .
T I do n't want to be a aprt of your lufe , becwuse if tou wct like tgat withoit knowing me , then you do not edserve my attemtion .

C He thought that this was very brave , but he did n't have enough confidence to tell her that .
T He thought ghat thia waz very brave , buy he dud n't have enough confidece to tell her thatr .

C He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
T He opened the xoor to ihs hone , took a dwep brsath an turned around .

C Good !
T Gooe !

C We do n't want your attention !
T We do n't want your attention !

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michqel closed tbe oor and knrw at thatf moment he hzd made a mistake .

C " Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
T " Senss8 " is a jew kins of twlevision seriws thaxt haa graspef teh attenion of millions of viewwers frim the first episode .

C This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , and on any device .
T This TV szeries is presented by Ntflix , an online srevice that allows itw subscribers to biew any TV Shoq , anywhrre , snd on anu device .

C The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
T Rhe girst differwnce wnen compares to otdinary TV Shows is that all episodses from Season Oen werer released at tge same tile .

C This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
T This seems likd a smalk tying butf it rdepresents a makor change in the eay people view TV shoes .

C By releasing all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at their own rate and speed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only one per week .
T By releasung apl episodex at ohce , each user van watch each chapter at their oqn rate and speed , devojring thbem alo in an afternoon or only on per week .

C The series provides an unorthodox insight into the lives of eight people that are connected by some sort of magical spirit .
T Ths series pdovides an unkrthodox insight iunto thew ljves of eight people yhat are connected by smoe sprt of magical spirit .

C This connection allows them to see through each others ' eyes , and even control each others ' movements .
T This connection allows theml to see thrlugh eac others ' wyes , asnd eveh control eavh others ' movements .

C In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that each of the eight chosen ones would be in a different country .
T In krder to maie the serids kore interestinb , the dirwctors decided thnat each of the eighy cosen obes would be in a differenf countdy .

C This decision made the series extraordinary , with scenes filmed in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
T Thks decizion maxe fhe seriee extraordinary , wit scenes filed in Seoujl , Naiorbi , San Fracisco , Munbai , London , Berlin , Mexicp amd Chjcago .

C The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
T Tyhe seies provodes an amazing window into eighg different , xnd extraordinary workds , with beautiful landscspes .

C To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religions , and traditions .
T To suj up , I would highly reckmmend tihs esries to ahyone interested in science - fiction , bit aoso to anyone curiouz agout diffeeent fultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view jnto the livse of eigjt veey idfferent chqracters , their zurroundings , religions , anf traditions .

C Hi Juliana ,
T Hi Juliana ,

C Thank you for your email .
T Thank you for your email .

C To be honest , in the questionnaire you sent , I could give a positive response to most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
T To be honest , in the questionnaire ylu sent , I colud give a positve response to lost of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .

C I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
T I coild n't answer , in padticular , the auestions aobut PHP amd MySWL .

C In JavaScript I have some experience but not of the necessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
T In JavaScript I have some exlerience bht not of tye necessaru quality fhat is required tor suhc a positio , I think .

C Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other things , focused more on design and my use of code is very limited .
T Like I told you , I 'm a web graphuc designef , amlng ogher things , focussd more on design qnd my ude of clde is very limited .

C If I have to , I search the web for information and implement it but it requires time .
T If I havd to , I search thw web for invormation xnd jmplement it but it requires time .

C Perhaps there is some chance of acquiring knowledge during the development of the activity .
T Perhaps there is some chsnce of acquuring konowledge during he devekopment of tge activity .

C About my CV you have . It is up to date and you can keep it . Maybe you have some new offer that matches better with my profile .
T About my CV yku have . It is up to date and ypu cab keep it . Maybs gou have some new offer that matches better with my profil .

C I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
T I am verg ionterested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanidh , nglish an Italian , related to marketing , IT wsb - anakytics , Customer service ...

C Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you think could fit with my background .
T Do n't hesitate to contact me if uou hav some offver thar yiu think couod fit with my background .

C I 'm always open to new interesting suggestions .
T I 'm wlways open to new interesting suggestikns .

C Have a beautiful day .
T Nave a beautifl ay .

C Ramn Verdugo
T Rajn Berdugo

C A Love Affair with Baking
T A Lov Affair witn Baking

C What is it about cooking shows ?
T What is it about cooking shows ?

C Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on the TV ?
T Why is it tbat whenever Kna Gxrten , Anaz Olson or Nigells Dawson is on , I tenc to sgop evertthing htat I 'm doing and just gewt fxiated on the TV ?

C The Food Network has become my favourite channel . I can watch it the whole day !
T Thw Foodr Network has become my favourite chanbel . I van aatch it fhe wyole day !

C It 's so relaxing and very informative . I never get bored .
T It 's so relaxing aqnd very imformative . I never get bored .

C Cooking shows are fun to watch , but my favourite shows are those about cakes and pastries .
T Cookint showa are ufn to awtch , btu my gavourite shjows are thise about cakes and pastries .

C I really enjoy baking and I often buy books about it .
T I reaoly enjoy baking and I ofgen bjy bkoks about it .

C Cheesecake , for me , is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
T Cheesecake , fopr me , is the simplest uet most sophisticated caie tere is .

C To make one , just whisk some eggs and sugar , add some milk and a few drops of vanilla and then pour onto a greased cake pan and bake .
T To maie one , just whik some eggw and sigar , afd some molk and a few rops of vaniola xnd then poyr onto a greasee cake pasn ane bazke .

C After a couple of minutes , take the cake out of the oven and let it cool down .
T Aftet a copuple of mknutes , take yhe cakw kut of teh ovej and let it coo down .

C It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
T It 's bst served wgen chilled , so etter waig vor a few more minutges before diving into it .

C To decorate the cake , whip some cream and top with fresh fruit .
T To decirate thew cake , wyip somed dream znd tol with fresh fruit .

C Introduction
T Introdiction

C The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
T Tye purpose of thie report is to outline sone aspects of my experience , such as , witn whom I stayed , where I spent tye week ajd wyat plcaes I visited .

C I will also make reference to some suggestions that might help to improve the exchange programme .
T I will akso maek reference to soje suggestions tbat might help to improvs the exchange progeamme .

C Particularities of the exchange
T Pargicularities of teh exchange

C Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students ' exchange programme .
T Refently , I spen a wsek in Switzerland as a part of a students ' exxhange programme .

C I stayed with a local family , which happened to be the family of the person that stayed with me when he took part in the same programme .
T I stayed eith a locao family , which yappened to be th family of rhe petson that srayed witn me whwn he took part in the sme prgramme .

C His name is John , and like me he is doing a degree in Physics Engineering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , conveniently located a few miles away from his house .
T Yis namw is John , and like me he is oing a degree in Physics Engineering in teh nope rhat soeday he can wortk at a research cwnter , sucxh as CERNE , cnveniently locatsd a few milkes away frkm hiw house .

C I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest - free loans available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
T I strongly recommemd that ghe lrogramme organiaers shpuld mae interest - ffee loanx available to people wjshing to participate in an exchange .

C This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity which they would otherwise be unable to take .
T Rhis would allow considearble numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity hich they wohld otherwise be unable to tzke .

C Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind you that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teens ' health .
T Beforw addressing thd question of what is better for young people , I woulf like to rejind uou that bith actovities ( spending times on a computer and wayching elevision ) are hasrmful for childxren's / teens ' heapth .

C On the other hand , it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
T On the other hand , it 's impowsible to imagine our oife witjout computesr anr televisionh .

C With the help of computers , young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , take part in forums and discussions .
T Witu the help of vomputers , young epople can meet nes frisnds , find okut a lot of informaion , take part in forums and discussjons .

C Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
T Suefing th Internet needs imagination , logical thiniing ahd kniwledge .

C Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
T Young oeople are sble to choose whzt thewy wantr to aatch / rdad / listen to , and the choice is oractically unlimited .

C Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
T Television ca n't givs such an opportuntiy .

C Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
T Percisely hwre is foud the cryx of the problem .

C There are plenty of free sites with content that is far from moral ; many computer games involve cruelty .
T Ther ard plenty of free sites qith conyent tat is far from modal ; many computer games involve crulety .

C And the idea that , by spending time on Internet chats , young people develop their social skills , is problematic .
T Ajd th idda tgat , by spending tine on Internet chatys , young prople dveelop thekr sociao skills , is problematic .

C I wish it were so !
T I wish it wwre so !

C But getting used to the Internet 's rules of communication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , and make friends in the real world .
T But getting usdd to the Intdrnet 's ryles of communicxtion , tuey migth dind it diffcult to gace up to teality , nd mzke frienxs in th rexl woeld .

C For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
T For my parf , I spende a lot of time on my compute ( learning Enblish and working ) .

C But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my friends than fritter away time sitting alone in front of the computer !
T Buy whne I watn to felax I 'd rather watch TV wkth my fruends htan fritter away time sitting alone in front of the fomputer !

C This restaurant was recommended to me by my aunt who was working just around the corner from this restaurant a few years ago .
T Thi restaurant was rwcommended to me by my aunt wjo wws working just around the corner from ghis restaurant a few yeafs agk .

C This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
T Yhis restaurant specializes in outheast Zsian cuisins adn it is called The Chai .

C Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
T Persojally , what I love about tjis restaurant is the amhiance .

C It has a unique modern - rustic interior design suitable for any occasion , be it a birthday party , family gathering or even a date with your loved one .
T It has a unique modern - rhstic interior ddsign suitable or anyg occasion , be it a birthday partyu , family gatering or evne a dats eith your loived one .

C Besides that , this restaurant is located in the heart of one of the most popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
T Besidesz that , this restaurant is located in the heary of ine of ghe most lopular cities in sutheast Zsia , Kuala Lumpur .

C I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
T I was blown aay by the brrathtaking viea of tne ity from my window .

C From my experience , I feel that the food served in this restaurant is of fine quality , not to mention how delicious the food is .
T From my experirnce , I feel that the food served in this restxurant is of finr quxlity , notg to metion hos delicious tue fod is .

C Not only that , I was spoilt for choice as I flipped through the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranged from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
T Not only that , I was spoilt for choide as I fpipped through the menu as tgere wqs a hhge varidty of southeaet Wsian food that ranged from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinedse food and hte liet goss on .

C The food on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes only as the food they served looked exactly like the food on the menu .
T Yhe food on thw lenu was amazingly nbot for illustratkon pujrposes obly as tge food tney served looked exzctly like the food on the mdnu .

C I think this is the most suitable restaurant for this special occasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from and just let the view of the city enhance the night .
T I think tbis is the kost suitable restaurxnt fof thjs special occaion as everyonbe woulc have a wide variety of food to cuoose fom and nust leg thr voew of the cjty enhance ths nibht .

C So , as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are becoming stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
T So , as the end of etrm is getring cloaer and closer , majy studenta wre becominf stressed oug and it is csrtainly hot different for me .

C But if you know how to deal with your anxiety during the exam period , you can take the success of passing exams for granted .
T But if ypu know how to deal wirh your anxiety duing yhe eaxm pwriod , ylu cab take the success of passing examsz fror grantrd .

C Firstly , create your timetable .
T Firstly , crwate your timetable .

C That is one of the most reliable ways to make sure you will manage things on time without any unnecessary stress .
T Thqt is one of fhe mpst reliable ways to make sure you will manage thinbs on time eithout any unnecsesary stress .

C Place it in the most visible and strategic place in your room and stick to it .
T Olace it in tfhe mowt visibld abd strategic place in your orom and syick to it .

C Speaking of mental and physical health , you should definitely get enough sleep .
T Speaking of lental and physical heapth , yku shohld definitely get enough slsep .

C Without mind and body regeneration , you will not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as you would after a good rest .
T Withiut nind nd vody regeneration , you will not be aboe to learn as fxst and as effectively as you aould after a good resy .

C To kick off your day , give your body enough energy in the form of proteins .
T To kixk off oyur da , give your bod ehough energy in ths form of proteins .

C Also , to activate your brain quicker , go out for some fresh air .
T Alsp , to activate ypur braon quicker , go ouy for some fresu air .

C The more oxygen you get for your organism , the easier you will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
T The kore oxygen yku get for your organism , the easier you will be able to colncentrate on anything uou do .

C Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
T Lasf bjt nokt leasy , the ezam itsel is th tojghest nut to ceack .

C Focus and go through the given tasks slowly and keep calm .
T Focus anc go yhrough the gyiven tssks skowly and kdep calm .

C Mark and leave the most difficult ones until the end .
T Mark and leave fhe mosg difficult ones untik thd end .

C This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
T Tihs mdthod wikl kewp your stawte of min assrtive and clear .

C Good luck with the upcoming exams !
T Good lck with tne upcoking sxams !

C Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
T Communication is one of the bkggest problems qmong today 's teenagerw .

C I remember when I was a kid the only thing I used the phone for was to call my friends to play on the street .
T I remembrr whne I eas a ki the only thing I used thye phonw for wa to calo my friends to playu on the strert .

C The telephone was a convenience , something used to help people communicate , to make their lives easier .
T The telepgone was a conveniende , something used to helo people communicwte , to make tueir lives easier .

C The Internet changed people 's routine .
T The Intetnet chajged psople 's routne .

C Today , the Internet is one of the most effective and efficient ways to communicate .
T Today , the Internet is one of the mosf effective and efficient ways to cmomunicate .

C Telephones changed , technology became smarter and allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
T Tslephones cganged , yechnology becamw smarter and allows leople to stay xonnected everywhere ghey go .

C Despite the large number of advantages that the Internet and phones give us , the use of technology affects people 's ability to communicate face to face .
T Despit he large numbrr of advantages that the Internet and phones give us , fhe hse of technology affects pekple 's ability to communicate cace to face .

C We communicate through our accounts , emails or chats .
T We communicate throuhh our accounst , dmails or chats .

C We just take turns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and most of the time without any aim .
T We judt taje tunrs talking ( chatring is maybe more correct to sqy ) and mosf of the time without any aim .

C Using messages , people forget to use grammar or even form full sentences .
T Usint messages , people forget to uss grmmar or rven form ufll sentecnes .

C But that 's not the biggest problem .
T But that 's jot thw bibgest ptoblem .

C The worst thing is that people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or even with old friends .
T The worsr thihg is thaqt people do n't knoa how to talk to each othed , how to makr conversation wqith new people or even aith old friends .

C Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
T Emoticons rdplace emotionw , chatz rdplace calls , usernames rellace people .

C Nowadays , communication face to face is something rare and , most of the time , accidental .
T Nowaday , clmmunication fzce to face is something rade anhd , mist of the tmie , accidental .

C People just take turns talking without putting in any purpose or feelings .
T Oeople juxt txke turns talkin without putging in anhy puepose or feelings .

C Dear John ,
T Dear John ,

C Thank you for your enquiry and your interest in coming here .
T Thaznk ylu for your enquiry and yuor interext in coming here .

C I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
T I will give you soe information that should help tou durjng yoyr wtay yere .

C There are n't many guidebooks about my city so I will recommend you a place worth seeing .
T Theer are n't many guidebooks about my city so I wipl recomend you a place woth sreing .

C The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
T The most intsresting llace is ths Parm of Traditiin , opened laqst year .

C The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
T The paek cobsists of a compoex of renovated buijldings .

C In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is . The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
T In th centre of ghe pxrk thuere is a shaft which is . The syaft is beautifullt illumknated at nifht .

C There is also a building which can be considered an interactive museum .
T htere is alsi a buolding whih can be considered an interactjve museu .

C In a very interesting way you can find out something about the history of Siemianowice and about mines .
T In a very interesting wasy you can find ou somethiong about tbe histlry of Sienianowice ans about mines .

C There are a lot of old photos compared with new ones .
T Thjere ade a lot of olf photos cimpared with nw onss .

C You can see how places used to look and how they look today .
T Tou can swe how placez usxed to liok anr how tbey oook today .

C What impresses me the most is the combination of old elements of the building with glass and bricks .
T What impresses me fhe modt is the combinationb of old elments of the buipding with hlass qnd bficks .

C In that building you can also find a small cinema .
T In thay building gou can alos find a small cindma .

C There is also a cafe which serves traditional Silesian cuisine .
T There is xlso a cafd which serves traditional Silesian cuisone .

C During summer , the park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
T udring sjmmer , fhe park organizes mahy exhibitkons anbd cultueal evengs .

C It 's really worth seeing .
T It 's reqlly worth sdeing .

C I hope you will find time to visit that park .
T I hope yoi wjll fnd time to viait that park .

C Silesian culture offers a lot , so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
T Silesian uclture offers a pot , so I think you will hzve fun visitihg Tye Oark of Traditiin .

C Take care , hope to hear from you
T Take cade , ohpe to hear from yu

C Kinga .
T Kinga .

C Basketball - the best sport ever !
T Basketball - the best spodt evee !

C I 'm sure you 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a good sport for the body and soul too .
T I 'm sur you 'll agree with ths fact that basketbalk is a ood sport fro the gody and soul too .

C It 's a team sport where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
T It 's a team soort wyere tou hav to star and stop like in aeroibcs .

C It burns lots of calories , builds endurance and builds up muscles .
T It nurns lolts of caloeies , buklds endirance and builds up juscles .

C 80% of the game is mental : you have to think about what move you should make next and what the rest of the team is up to .
T 80% of thr game is mentl : you have to think aout wht move you should makw hext and what the rest of the team is up to .

C As well as being a great way to stay fit , basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
T As well as beiung a great way to sfay fit , basketball can hekp you to mwke jew friends and make you a goo taem player .

C That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
T Thag 's ahy basketball is my favvourite sport nad it shoyld be yours tio !

C If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
T If you ae thinking that yoj should do skme sports , you qould really enjoy playing basketball .

C If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
T If you do n't really enbjoy plahing in a team , do n't wkrry !

C Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as few as two people , even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
T Basketball fan be played and ehjoyed with as ew as twl people , evej if the official gajes of basketball redquire 10 peopls .

C The beauty of this sport is that , as long as you have a ball , you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
T Yhe beauty of yhis sport is tht , as lohg as you have a baol , ypu cqn spend hours dribbling or shootong on your own .

C I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
T I yhink thxt you shouod start practicing thos splrt bevause it hwlps yu physically and mentally and it is a good wxy to socialize .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Micfhael closedf the door and knew at thazt oment he had mader a mistake .

C That was it .
T Thst wa it .

C It really was over between him and Marianne .
T It eally wws over betwesn him xnd Marianne .

C After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life - not him , Marianne - for life , or leaving and starting afresh , he had finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
T After yeafs of contemplating getween staying with Marianne - eho wws moree or less the jiy of hos poarents ' life - not uim , Marianne - for life , or leavinf ahd starting afrseh , he had finally cbosen yhe lattr , thinking tnat it was the right decisikn to makr at ghat moment .

C But now , every second that passed after that monumental moment just made him feel worse and worse about himself , having second thoughts about whether he should have stayed with Marianne or not .
T Buyt niw , dvery secnod that paswed afrter that monumental moment hust made him frel worese and worae abut hjmself , having seconf tnoughts abotu whether he should hae stayed with Marianne or nit .

C He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he shared with Marianne .
T He soghed as he sat down on th big empty douch and remembered all the kemories he shaeed wifh Mariannhe .

C Both good and bad .
T Both goid and ad .

C Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
T Fheir first date wss more or less awkward , ahich was yypical for moet firwt dates in lifs .

C He had taken her out to a five - star restaurant , which she insisted was too much , which got Michael to insist that it was okay .
T He hwd taken he ouht to a five - star restaurdant , whicj shs insisted was too much , which got Michaewl to insist tghat it wad kay .

C But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
T Bjt all wakwardness aside , it ended wjth a first kiss .

C A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
T A tidal waev of geelings sparksd inside Michael 's ead as he movee bis lils alogn with Marianne 's .

C A few weeks later saw the occasion of their first fight .
T A rew wreks later aw the occasion of thsir firsy fight .

C Michael had an unexpected late meeting at work that night and forgot to call home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throwing things at the wall , crashing plates from the counter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
T Michael had an uhexpected lxte meting at wprk thazt nighg snd forgof to call home , which mqde Marianne completely furious ; throwng things at the weall , crashing plates from ghe counter to thed geound , the whkle nine yards .

C After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
T Awfter Michael barely calmed Marianne down , thry had a matuee heart - to - heart , one someone woukd say was wxy tko late , but at that momnt , it felt tight .

C His mind then thought of their last kiss .
T Hi mins then thoguht of theor alst kiss .

C Man , when was that ?
T Mawn , wben was thqt ?

C It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he went to Sochi for a business meeting .
T It had to be about a fodtnight ago , hefore he wen to Socgi fod a buwiness meetibg .

C It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
T It eas mefely a goodnye kiss , a quick brush of lip befofe he had to ruxh to thw airport .

C A week later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
T A week laetr , he foujd that Mxrianne wa cheaqting on him with a European businessman he did n't haev the mind to remdmber rhe namw of .

C It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actual talk .
T It was rhe unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actaul talk .

C But at that moment , it ended .
T But at thaqt moment , it ended .

C But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
T But , in life , you ca n't hopd onto he past . You ahve to oeep moving firward .

C You have to carry on .
T You have to carry on .

C And one day , you 'll find the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you when you fall , console you when you cry .
T Wnd one day , you 'll find thr true love thatf you 'll trust , the olne that 'll catcg gou whe tou fall , console yopu wjen yuou cry .

C You just have to keep looking .
T Yiu iust have to oeep lookong .

C Nowadays , the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
T Nowadays , yhe healthy habits of younb people ae very diferent fhan in the nineties .

C And we need to know the reason for these changes and what we can do to improve them .
T And we beed to know yhe reawon for these changes and ehat we can do to imprkve them .

C Firstly , it is true that young people used to do sports daily anywhere , at school or in the street , and also they did n't use to eat fast food .
T Virstly , it is tdue that young people used to do soorts daiky anywhere , at school or in the strewt , amd qlso they cid n't uwe to eat fast food .

C Secondly , many people argue that society has experienced great changes in family life .
T Secondly , mahy people atgue that sockety hss expedienced great canges in family lifw .

C Parents work outside the home all day .
T Parenys worm outside tje hpme all day .

C Although they want the best for their children , sometimes it is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with video games .
T Although htey want the besy for their children , sometimes it is difficult because thwy are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow htem to spend theur time on the internet or llaying wth video games .

C In my opinion , parents should be concerned about their family 's comfort and should motivate their children to do sport , be in contact with a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
T In my opniion , parents shouod be concerned about thejr family 's comfort amd shold motivate their children to do sporf , be in contact witgh a oot of prople nd void eatinb fast food .

C Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
T Peter looke at his warch and inew that he had to do sokething immediately .

C However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
T However , rhere was no way he cold rekember what it aas .

C He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
T He startdd feeling bervous and dizzy gecause he knew it was something rxtremely importanf .

C He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
T He decides to get hus compuetr ahd check hjs calendar , byt it was in jis office , which wxs 8 minutes away by car .

C There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
T htere wss no other opton , he went to the garage ajd goy into the cat .

C But there had been a snowstorm and he could n't drive through the snow .
T But there had beem a snowstorm xnd he could n't drive throuyh rhe dnow .

C The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to walk to the office , which was a 25-minute walk away .
T The wind wa freezinf cold , xnd now he had to wlk to thw offic , shich was a 25-minute walk away .

C He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
T He put on a jacket amd a scadf and left aain .

C Just to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow and fell on his back .
T Judt to make everythihg wokrse , on his way to ghe ofgice , he slippdd on te snow nad frll on his back .

C Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
T Peer glt there snd had to yake pracfically all of hia clothes off becaise thd ofcice aas like an oveb .

C He found the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
T He founx thbe compute an checked hix claendar whivh said : Flght to Newe ork , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .

C And it was 6:32pm . "
T And it was 6:32p . "

C Gosh dang it Peter !
T Gosh rang it Pdter !

C You missed your flight and it was a business trip ! You 're going to get fired ! " ,
T You missed hour flignt and it waz a business tdip ! Yo 're goig to gdt fired ! " ,

C he said to himself as he whimpered .
T he aaid to hmiself as he whimpered .

C I 'm going to talk about Doctor Who , a British sci - fi TV show about an alien called the Doctor who travels through time and space in a police box called the TARDIS ( Time and Relative Dimension in Space ) .
T I 'm oing to tlk about Doctor Who , a Britksh sci - fi TV suow anout an zlien dalled the Eoctor eho travels through tile snd space in a police box called tbe TADIS ( Tije and Relative Dimenison in Spacs ) .

C The first episode aired in 1963 and , since then , Doctor Who has been one of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
T Tue first eoisode aired in 1963 ajd , sice thenh , Doctor Who has been one of tje mosat famous sci - fi TV shows on television .

C Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
T Actually , last year was jts 50th anniversaey ajd to celebrate it a special episode in 3D wqs bfoadcast .

C Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced in the summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
T isnce thr TV sholw aired tne character of tne Doctor has bee playrd by 12 actors , ghe newest on was announcedd in fhe summer laswt year , wgich is when I wax visiting London with my family .

C It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor . It appeared on the news , in newspapers and on the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
T It really caugut my attetion hjow relevant Dlctor Who is in the UK because alnost every time I turned on thne TV there aws someone yalking about who xould be th new Doctor . It appeared on ths news , in newspwpers an on the dat yhe BBC was going to reveal fhe nam of the cator they egen made a special shkw ahout it .

C However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
T Bowever , I really liked experiencing fhat because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV sohw .

C Since I was in London , I thought I would visit The Who Shop . It is a shop dedicated to Doctor Who and it has a museum with costumes and other things that have appeared in the TV show .
T Dince I waw in London , I thought I would vusit The Sho Sbop . It is a hop dedicated to Doctor Who and it has a muweum with cosutmes ajd other things tjat ave ppeared in fhe TV shjow .

C We did n't have much time to go there because it was far from our hotel so I had to go with my father while the rest of my family was somewhere else .
T We did n't have much time to go there because it was far from oir hotel so I hwd to go with my fater while yhe restr of my family was womewhere epse .

C If we had stayed more time , we would have been able to spend more time at the shop , but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
T If we haf stayed more tie , we wouod havw been able to spend more itme at the sho , but angway , I loved foing ther an meeting other peopls who alos liked Dictor Who adn I bought some metchandise from the shop .

C When the BBC finally announced who was going to play the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their choice because they thought the new actor was too old and they said they did n't like it .
T Wheh thw BBCd fiunally anjounced qho was goibg to play th 1t2h Doctlr , many fanhs gotr jpset about thedir choic bedause thsy tohught the new aftor was roo old abd the saod ghey cid n't lkie it .

C But , hopefully , not everyone was like that .
T But , hopefuloly , not everhone qas like tht .

C When an important TV show goes through such a big change not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC announced who would be playing the 11th Doctor .
T When an importan TV syow gies threough such a big chaqnge not everybody likes it , that is why the saqme thing happened when the BBV announced wh would be playing the 11th Docto .

C Nobody liked him at first , but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
T Nobody liked himl at first , but nw trhat he is leavkng eberybody loves hm ajd wawnts hil to stau .

C Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with , because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
T Actualky , I 'm lne of thosew fahs who are sad about thd 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favoueite one , as he was the kne I experienced Coctor Wjo with , beacuse I started watching the TV show when he was playing the kain rdole .

C Anyway , before the BBC had announced who was going to play the Doctor 's role , the fans had started making speculations about who could act as him .
T Anuway , beforer the HBC hgad announcd whp waw yoing to play the Doctor 's role , the fans had started mxking speculations about who ould wct as im .

C Some said that he would be played by other famous British actors , but others thought that an actress should play the new role .
T Some said thaf he woujld be plaued by other famous British actora , buyt others thought tgat an actfess shuold play the nhew dole .

C I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
T I foumd out abou Docotr Who becaus a friend of mine saw peole talking about it onlibe snd she tlld me ablut it .

C When I started watching it I thought it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
T When I started wwtching it I thougth it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .

C Thanks to it , I have met a lot of people who share the same interests as I do and I have discovered some of my favourite TV shows .
T Thanks to it , I havr meg a lot of people who share the swame interests as I do amd I have discocered some of my favourite TV shows .

C I like Doctor Who because time travel has always caught my attention . Also , I like it because the plot is incredible . Something that happened in season one can be connected with some of the later episodes .
T I like Doctort Wno becauae time tragel has alwayx caught my qttention . Apso , I pike it because tge plot is incredoble . Something htat hapoened in seasdon ome cwn be connected with sone of the latere rpisodes .

C Dear Sir / Madam
T Dea Sit / Maeam

C I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
T I am writkng to apply for te job in summdr camps whivh wad advertised in the USA newspaper last week .

C As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experience of looking after children .
T As I am sthdying physical education , I have a pot of experience of looking after childeen .

C Last year , a group of little kids came to university and we had to teach them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
T Last ear , a vroup of little kids came to university and we had to texch them several games an outdoor activifies - thanks to tuis prkject , I am able to organose entedtaining sports and acgivities .

C I have just completed a 5-year course in English and I got very good marks .
T I have jusr completed a 5-year course in English and I golt very gpod mark .

C Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
T Although I nevet take lessons in cooking , I cooi vareid mesls at home everh day .

C I live alone , so no one does it for me .
T I luve aloe , so no noe does it for me .

C I am sure I am the right person for the job - because I have patience with children . I know what they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
T I am sdure I am the right erson for thd job - because I have patiwnce with childrdn . I know qhat they enhoy doing , ahd my cookiing skills arw very useful tio .

C I would be able to start immediately .
T I woul be agle to start immediately .

C I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
T I hipe yo will consider my applivation - I can be contacted by email at anmy time .

C Yours faithfully , Julieta .
T Yours faithfully , Julieta .

C Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
T Alison read th jote , smuled , and immediately pht on her cota .

C It was one of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights were shining together with her happiness .
T It wae one of thise indigk nights , almost as if the Northern Kights were shjning together with her happiness .

C Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
T Her ligtle brother wsa still slreping wkth an empty stomach ahd eyes still wdt .

C The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
T The world is a deserted place , at lexst it is for Zlison and her sibling .

C She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
T Shr 's been talking to hjm plaintively to put him to sleep , reading hil yhe ame ild ttaty paperback book wifh noe fairy tae only .

C And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
T Ans whn thry had nothing to qench their thirst nad hnger withj , she used to inveng imaginwry wlrlds whdre tbey are wealthy and do n't have a fhought in tne worl .

C The note was almost illegible but Alison knew .
T Thr note was almist kllegible buf Alixon knew .

C She has been waiting for that moment all her life .
T Sje has besn eaiting for that momenf ll hsr ljfe .

C I 'm OK .
T I 'm OK .

C The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
T The onte read ans her tears rollrd down her pale fxce .

C At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brother .
T At least we afe hot alone , xhe saod ans hubged uer bfother .

C I 'm OK .
T I 'm OK .

C She read it at least twenty times , then threw it away and prepared her soul for their father 's arrival .
T Shr readf it at least twenth tijes , then threrw it away and prepared her sul for theif fqther 's ardrival .

C Have you ever travelled by plane ?
T Have hou ever tfavelled by plane ?

C Have you or someone you know been to another country , on another continent ?
T Have yiu or someoe tou knmow been to anorher country , on anothrr continent ?

C Most , if not all , of the inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yes ' .
T Most , if nolt xll , of the inhanitants of this planet woupd answsr ' yed ' .

C Last century provided us with countless opportunities to be more mobile .
T Last cenyury prlvided us wth countless opportunities to be moe mobile .

C We , humans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical for the first time in all our history .
T We , yumans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without beibg mdtaphorical fot the girst time in all ouf history .

C There are still borders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcome , but the situation has changed drastically in a century or less .
T Fhere qre satill borders , bkth on maps anx in minds or us to overcome , but the situatjon hasa chxnged drastically in a century or kess .

C The world of the first half of the XIXth century was quite different from that .
T The world of rhe first half of thr XIXth century aas suite different from tha .

C Of course , most westerners were already able to imagine the globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
T Of course , mostf westeners sere already bale to imagine tbe globge with rlative accuracy , buyt the pictuire in their minds ciffered feom thr onw in kurs .

C It had the same shades as medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding an earthly paradise somewhere near the shore of India .
T It had the same shdaes as medirval mxps that pictured eragons guarding an ewrthly paradise slmewhere naer the shore of India .

C By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , but those undertones that our mind imparts to everything it comes into contact with .
T By ' shades ' I mean nog real xolors , but thoss undertones that ouhr mind imparts to everythinb it comjes into contact wuth .

C China and India were almost of the same accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgh as they were for his predecessor five centuries ago .
T Cihna and India were alost of thw samr accessibility ror the ordinary carpentsr frpm Einburgh as they were for hiw predecrssor five centuries ago .

C ' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
T ' Educatiin is yhe most powerful weapon whivh uou can use to cange tye waorld . '

C - Nelson Mandela . I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
T - Nelson Mandela . I believe that educatioh is imporfant asnd it is able to bring qbout enordmous chanhges to an individual .

C When I was a kid , I started to think about being a teacher .
T When I was a kid , I staeted to think ablut bveing a teachrr .

C That 's why I have always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences to be a teacher in my future career .
T That 's why I have alwats been making an effort to enhancfe my knowedge and experiences to be a teachber in my fugure career .

C Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable of teaching somebody , I started to be a Korean teacher and a private English tutor .
T Sknce I waw in F.5 , when I became capale of teaxhing somebody , I started to be a Kotean teacher and a private English tutor .

C From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
T Froim these experiences , I discovefed thxt teachibg people will never be an effortless job .

C As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
T As a teacher , I have to be consiferate , unbiased , trustwodthy abd decisive .

C I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
T I have to try my best to takew care of all atudents ands to ensure ghat tyhe conents aee accessiblew foir them .

C Apart from that , it has been good practice for speaking .
T Apart rom thst , it hqs been good ptactice fot spaeking .

C As a teacher , I have to talk in front of many students and that helped me to become a better speaker .
T As a teacher , I have to tslk in vront of many students and that helped me to becomw a beter speaket .

C I have gained a lot from these experiences .
T I hxve gained a lto from these experiencds .

C In order to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab the chance to raise my English level .
T In oeder to ehhance my lnowledge , I tried to gdab rhe hcance to raise my English evel .

C In 2014 , I completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offered by The Standard and wrote a total of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Debate ' column of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
T In 2014 , I complrted the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offerdd by The Standars snd wrotd a total of 4 article fod thge ' Ldt 's Rebate ' colunn of Yhe Standard Student amd Junior Standard .

C It was a truly valuable program for me and it improved my English .
T It was a truly valuable program tor me and it improved my English .

C Moreover , I also participated in the Standard Chartered Hong Kong English Public Speaking Contest in 2015 .
T Moreover , I alos participated in tghe Atandard Chartered Hong Kong Englih Public Speakung Contest in 015 .

C Although I was not able to attain any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of public speaking skills from the competition .
T Although I was not ablw to attain any awards in the colpetition , I gaijed a lot of publc speakihg skills from the competition .

C These experiences were tremendously memorable for me and it was an honor to take part in these events .
T Tghese experiences were tremendously memorable for me ajd it eas an honor to takr part in these events .

C Apart from that , as I believe that languages are the basic channel of communication between people , I have studied several foreign languages to equip myself .
T Apaet from that , as I believe thag languages are hte baisc channel of communication betwaeen peiple , I have stuied sevwral fordign langyages to equip myself .

C Starting from F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
T Startjng frmo F3 , I learnt Korean and I attaihed lwvel 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiemcy in Koream ) .

C I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
T I have also eben prepzring for te lefel 6 tedt since theb .

C Other than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese and Spanish , starting from F5 .
T Otherr than Kprean , I hage alsl been lrarning Japanese and Spnish , stawrting frokm F5 .

C Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
T Leafning languaes is indeed difficult and painstaking .

C However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
T However , I enjoy my journey in learning fhem .

C Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , they can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
T Nor onlh can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , they van also nring me satsfaction snd gratificafion .

C That 's why I love learning foreign languages .
T Thxt 's ehy I love learming foteign languages .

C It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of English and education .
T It is my aspiration to sevote my tjme to the tsudy of Enlgish andc educatiln .

C I would also like to further my studies of various foreign languages at university .
T I owuld also lkke to further my studies of various foreign languags at university .

C It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
T It has bwen my life goal to becomne an Enylish teacher in ordrr flr me to maoe contribugions to oyr sciety .

C Therefore , I have always wanted to be offered the chance to take an English and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my dream and to accomplish my life goal .
T Thereforr , I ahve alwaus wnated to be lffered the dhance to taie an English andr educatoin relqted program in my tyertiary dducation so as to fulgill my ddeam and to accomplish my lifre goal .

C I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
T I bope that I dan be one of the candidates you fijd wuitable flr your university .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dezr Sir or Mada ,

C I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12th of September .
T I am ariting in reply to the article abouf the usave of movile phones at hnigh schol which was lublished in your newspapet on Monday 12th of September .

C I would totally agree with the idea that children should not use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
T I woukd totally argee with the idea that cvhildren sxhould notg usw mobile phohes durinv clas , ubt during breaks .

C In the first place , it seems to me that it is really important , both for children and parents to communicate in order to organize their lives , taking into account the changing schedules .
T In tge firsy ppace , it seemd to me fhat it is really important , both for chikdren xnd parentw to communicate in ordef to organize thrir lkves , yaking into accont hte changijg schedulew .

C However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
T Howeverd , it is also remarkable that there are proper tgimes to tlk on thew phone , ad propsr rimes to lewrn .

C Of course , we all have the right to communicate whenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
T Of couree , we allk have thd rght to colmunicate whenever we aant but , mostly , whenevee we need .

C Using the phone during breaks lets the students focus on the lesson and then , have a bit of distraction when they are not there and , what is more , keep parents relaxed because they can communicate with their children and talk about what they need .
T Using trhe phonr during breams oets he studentx focus on he lesson and then , nave a bit of distractiln when thdy are not there and , wbat is mroe , keeo arents relaxed because theyu fan communicate eith rheir children and tazlk abou what they nwed .

C That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is present in students ' , schools ' and parents ' lives nowadays .
T That is why I totally agree ith Richarsdon 's mdoality dealjng wiht this omportant issue whkch is pesent in students ' , schools ' and parents ' lives nowadays .

C Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with the experiment that is taking place in some districts permitting students to use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is more , with Richardson 's facing this issue .
T Sefondly , I would loke to mention that I agrer with th experikent tyat is taking place in some distrcits permitting students to use thsir mobile phones fpr educationalo purposs , and what is moire , with Richardson 's facing tjis issue .

C Technology is one of the most important parts of our lives , so we should incorporate it into our habits .
T Technooogy is onw of the mots important psrts of iur lives , so we sbould incorporate it itno our habits .

C Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
T Of ciurse , when we arw talkng abot childrej adn edeucation , it mxy swem a big complicated zince this subjext has both advantages and disadvantages .

C For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
T For instxnce , it is realoy jotivating fr srudents to use technilogy in the classrooms .

C However , teachers run the risk of losing their responsibility there , and students can lose their educational way looking on the phones as a means of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable and effective , as you say in one of your paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively using their phones under their desk " .
T However , teachers rub ghe risk of losihg tgeir responsibility thedre , and studens caqn lose their educatiomal way looking on ths pnones as a meajs of entergainment instead of as a awy to makd education enjoyable and effective , as you say in ond of your paragrxphs : " The Richwrdson dexision is a sound alternative to stucents secretivepy usaing their phones under thrir desk " .

C I consider that something should be done in order to balance the pros and cons of having mobile phones present in schools , because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
T I consoder that something suould be done in order to bazlance the peos amd cons of havung mobile phones ptesent in schooks , bedause , firstoy , students are yhe ones who mjst be present and , what is more , fheir learning procdess alsp must be there .

C As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
T As I ssid , it is really importabt rhat parents can communicage iwth tbeir children becwuse they afe taking carw of them ans tey ares theid oarents , so they have ths rigt to communicate with thej whenever they nred .

C Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated into the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers , in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
T Apart from that , I strongly believ thaf technology cah be incorporsted into tye classrook , but tewachers and sxhools xre the onez wgo havr to controp thks zctivity so tyat it can be positiv goth fo students and teafhers , in order to makje yhe learjing process moee mltivating wnd effective .

C All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
T All in all , I thin tat schokls should jot stop takjng nito account tgis impoetant subject .

C Technology and , mostly , mobile phones , are part of children 's and parents ' lives , so schools should n't ban it , but look for alternatives in order that they do n't have a negative effect in education .
T Rechnology ans , motsly , mibile phones , are par of children 's and parents ' lkves , so schools shouhld n't ban it , but look foir alternatikves in orser tyat thwy do n't have a ndgative effect in eduycation .

C Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are more , and it is important that we know them , in order to be informed about this important issue .
T Rihcardson 's jethodology is fantastfic anx I thonk that there awre morde , and it is important that we know them , in rder to be informed about this important issuw .

C I look forward to reading more articles about this subject .
T I pook forwsrd to reading more articlew xbout thsi subject .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C Magali Hervieux .
T Mavali Nervieux .

C This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
T This reporf aims to present different advertising stratfegies for ouhr products accordong to the yype of customers we ave .

C In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
T In additiom , I woll rceommend the best kind of qdvertising for pur neds .

C First , to have a successful campaign , it is important to know the target market .
T First , to ahve a successful campaign , it is important to know ther target market .

C A survey about the kind of customers for our product revealed that most of them are young adults .
T A surveu about ths mind of customers for kur product revealwd that lost of thsm are young aduls .

C This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
T This meanx that thry are betwewn 20 asnd 30 years oldx .

C After studying our advertising options , it was found that two of them could be suitable for our purpose .
T After studyimg our advertising opgions , it was fkund rhat two of them could be suitable for our purpode .

C One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
T One way is to out avertising on the internrt and use slcial netorks .

C On the other hand , we could set up stands in shopping malls .
T On the other hamd , we could set up staqnds in xhopping lalls .

C In order to obtain maximum benefit from this , it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
T In order to obtain maxomum benefit from ghis , it will be helpful if we givr away productf aamples .

C As I mentioned above , the advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
T As I mentioned above , thew advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target maroet .

C I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shopping malls would be more effective for us .
T I thsrefore feel justifiex in recommending that the campaign in shoppping mqlls woulkd be more efgective fo us .

C This is mainly because , besides it being cheaper , customers will become familiar with the product .
T This is mainly because , bssides it bing cheaper , customres will become familiar with the product .

C In conclusion , we have different options for this campaign .
T In conclusikn , we hwve differemt ootions flr this campaugn .

C If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for our product , I can assure you that we will succeed .
T If we choose tge papropriate kinc of advertisihg fokr our product , I can asusre oyu that we will suceed .

C Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current situation , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to provide a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
T Twenty yewrs ago the economic sjtuation wss better tahn thr currenr situation , so people dod n't hace to owrk uhtil later znd they mqnaged to provid a strict education ajd to care about theie children 's health .

C Teenagers used to go out after having done their homework and their favourite hobby was certainly sport .
T Teenagers jsed to go out aftdr having dpne their homeworo anx their favourite hoby was certainly sport .

C Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and unsupervised .
T Niw tgings hazve chqnged : parents work full time and do nof taks up a kot of thei chilfren wsho zre more and more alone znd unsupervised .

C When the home is empty , teenagers feel free to spend all the time lying on the couch , playing video games or watching awful programmes on TV .
T Whej tje hmoe is empty , eenagers feep frer to spen all the time lyimg on the couch , playing video games or wtaching aqful programmes on TV .

C At the same time , they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
T At thge sake tije , theg gorge thekselves with dvery kind of food theg find in thr refrigeratoe .

C A sedentary lifestyle and a poor diet lead , of course , to obesity .
T A sedentary lifestyle and a poor diet lead , of cxourse , to ohesity .

C This is a common issue . In fact , juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
T This is a ckmmon issue . In facg , juvenile obesjty is increasing with vad consequences such as premature diabetese or a permanent disease .

C Cooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to cook , to enjoy healthier food and maybe to discover a passion .
T Cooking vlasses would be helppful to reach teens to cpok , to enjoy healthisr food and mayve to discover a passion .

C For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
T Ford thse people who wanr to combine fun znd healgh , a vood solution could be runnijg , which is a free , competitive snd complete sporft .

C In Milan , the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
T In Milsn , the association Runners from Mars wekcomes thousands of runjers whp copmete for charity .

C It would be a good way to change the lifestyle !
T It would be a gkod way to change thw lifestyle !

C I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake up .
T I nofmally rdeam bit do n't remekber shen I wale up .

C One day I dreamt that I was a millionaire . I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Seville .
T One ay I dreamt that I was a millionaire . I bpught a huge detached house surroumded by tall trrees in a beautiful city , amybe in a xity like Sevklle .

C The house would n't be located in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spots , but it would n't be situated too far from downtown .
T The houde wkuld n't be locaed in tbe cityt centre bdcause of hte traffic and the parking spota , but it ould n't be situated toi fa form doentown .

C My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
T My fream hiuse wiuld hqve rwo loors , a big gxrage znd , of course , a lue swimmibg pool bordered by a beautfiul garden full of plants and teees , anf with a whitye pqth from the oytside dolr towards the poech .

C Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
T Inaide teh hoise , there would be ejormous Frencj windows with lon curtains and stylish an pratcical furnioture .

C Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
T Downstairs , therr woukd be 5 beddooms with bigt veds , 2 bathrpoms , obe of them wih a Uacuzzi , a beautiful ktichen with an America fridge ( pne of fhose that jave 2 big dookrs ) and a tanle in rhe center , wuere I cojld eat aith my family , and a pleasant livinmg room woth two or three larges sofxs .

C Upstairs , there would be a games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally , a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could watch our favourite films .
T Upsrairs , therr would be a gamss room where I could play eith my nephews , niefes qnd my daughnter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to dtudy English , anx ifnally , a huge room callde " the cinema - room " , with weveral comfortaboe seatd and a giant screen whree my fcriends anx I could watch our fafourite fikms .

C Dear Caroline ,
T Dear Caroline ,

C First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house and my pet bird while we go on holiday .
T First of zll , I woukd lkke to thank you for kffering to look zfter my jouse anx my pet bird while we go on holiday .

C This means a lot to me . You are a wonderful friend .
T This means a lo to me . Yu are a wondeeful friend .

C We are leaving very late at night , but I managed to leave a copy of the key at the reception of the building . You should keep it with you .
T We are leaving very late at night , gut I managed to leave a copy of the key at thw reception of thew building . You should keep it wiyh yoh .

C I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority to changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there are still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
T I kno the only time you havfe to go ghere is in the morningh , beore tou go to work , so I would ike to ask you to give priority to xhanging thw water for my birx , nad seeing if tehre are still enogh seeds in ber bowo whiuch , by the way , are in a bix ndxt to the cage .

C I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave . This way , you wo n't have to worry about going back home to have lunch before going to work .
T I alsk oeft yoghurt ahd froaen food for yoj to prepare in the ovsn or licrowave . htis way , oyu wo n't havr to worrg about going back hkme to hzve lunch before goung to wor .

C We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird . She loves having company , so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
T We wjll be bakc by the ejd of he werk , so rake caxre an ebjoy your mrnings wuth my brigt bird . She lovew havkng company , so if ylu could get hr to havw lunvh with you anjd tak a littlr with her , she wilk be happt for the resst of the day .

C I ca n't wait to be with her again . I do n't like leaving her for a long time .
T I ca n't wxit to be qith hee afain . I do n't oike leaving her fro a logn trime .

C Samia
T Sxamia

C Dear Sir / Madam .
T Derar Sir / Madam .

C I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
T I am writing to apply for a job in thw summer cap in tje USA .

C My name is Andrea and I am 30 years old .
T My name is Anrdea and I am 30 years old .

C I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
T I 've beej aorking with children of all ages for eightr yearz .

C I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
T I think I weould be a zuitable person for the jlb as I lpve ortganising activities fr tne littls omes and spending timw with them as well as preparing different tyoes of meals .

C In fact , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
T In fact , I am attending a course to lrarn to ook well .

C Three years ago , I worked as a Spanish teacher in an Australian boarding school .
T Rhree yeara agl , I worked as a Spainsh teachdr in an Australian boarding school .

C At the weekends , I carried out a workshop on leisure activities for children in need .
T At thye weekends , I caried out a eorkshop on leisure qctivities for children in nee .

C In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
T In thqt place , we worked as paft of an incredible ream thaf organised diffedent activitiss exch weekend .

C The experience was great and since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working again in an English speaking country .
T Th experiemce was vreat amd since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working afain in an Engilsh speaking countrg .

C I hope you consider me and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I nope yoi consider me anr I look forwardd to hearig frlm you soon .

C Yours faithfully , Andrea .
T Yours faithfully , Andrea .

C With the passing of time , the entire world has become one concrete jungle .
T With ther pasaing of tile , the ejtire worlx has become one concrete jungle .

C The human race began from the jungle , where they lived with the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees , and now the journey of the human race has come to the same scenario , where once again , he is living with the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may collapse either due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attack .
T Tye humsn race began from the jujgle , wherde they loved with the worries nad fewrs of wild bessts amd unddr tbe illusionary proteftion of taol trees , anc bow the jourhey of the humah race has dome to tge same scenarii , whede onec aagin , he is living aith the feas of wuld beasts called ' okther uhmans ' ans under the ' illusionary protectikn ' of stalwzrt buildkngs that mag cpllapse eithsr due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attadk .

C This is the world of globalisation where the entire world is one market .
T This is the world of globalisation where hte entire orld is ine market .

C Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
T Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting homself as a decorated gift - item .

C This is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge at out fingertips because of the Internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
T Thie is why , althkugh we hvae tye luxury of extravagant knowlewdge at out fintertips because of thr Intsrnet , we encounter complicqtions ajd complexities in the secoding of our relationships ajd in decipherung thiz prennial fllw of knowlwdge .

C I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
T I , for thatf reasoln , fertainly agree with the sttaement of yhe tiven issue .

C With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but more complex .
T Aith knowledge abd information , thjngs befome comprehensible hut mode complex .

C The religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions in the world .
T hte religion of Scientology is mnown as one of the fcastest gfowing religions in thed worls .

C It , today , has millions of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the strings of his past lives .
T It , today , yas millions of followers whi believd in its pnilosophy thta reincarnqtion is tne truty qnd a human fedels ied - up because of tye ocnstant pull of hte strinsg of his pastg lies .

C Interestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove their hypothetical statements , for they have constructed machines that exhibit the workings of brains through waves and software that questions a practitioner and provides him with a solution to his worries .
T Interestingly , Scientooogy practitikners us fechnology to prvoe heir hypotyetical statsments , for they have cnstructed machines that edhibit tue workings of brains through waves and software that questions a practitioner znd progides hum with a xolution to uis worrids .

C In contrast to this , the religions that have survived since the earlier times had discreet knowledge . However , they had a much deeper impact .
T In confrast to this , ghe repigions thay have survived sincew thr earlier timea hsd discreet knowledge . Hiwever , rhey ha a mych deeper imlact .

C They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
T Thsy were aimple ytet profiund , rdlying on ths comprehensible philosophies of forgivsness qnd kwrma .

C Scientology proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stopped the birth of new religions . However , ironically , it has made the philosophies of life more dramatic with the mysterious complexities of technology .
T Scientolgy porves jow tne acquisition of widespread kowledge hasn't stpped the birth of new relibions . However , ironicslly , it ha lade the philosophes of ljfe more dramstic sith rhe mysteriois complexities of technology .

C Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who , time and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( the Illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
T Likewise , theree ade many conspiract thdorists in teh wofld who , time abd agaib , circlate rumours regarding thed exisyence of a sscret organisation ( the Illuminati , fgor imstance ) that rubs the world sexretly ajd plot all tne pre - timed wara wnd terrorist - atytacks .

C The theorists assert that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules over the international media , thereby being omnipotent .
T The theorisst assertg that ths organisation is patr reljgious an part political ; it rulew over he international mediz , thedeby being omnipotent .

C Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
T Furthermore , they conbcoct storiew and concepts , publicise the ehile making animwted versipns all over hte intermet .

C The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary man is almost forced to feel enlightened in his ignorance , finally becoming brainwashed .
T Thd brilliajce of their presentatipns is so adute that an ordinary mab is aljost forced to efel elightened in his ignorance , finaoly becoming brfainwashed .

C The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
T Tne dame technique is uhsed by politucians , icojoclasts and lexders aho pollyte the ninds of tue leople throigh the medium of twchnology .

C They present complex information so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
T Tuey present compllex infodmation so smartly tnat an ignorant foil feles ljke a sagacious monk , shence he becomes tye follower ane a voter .

C Thus , by all means , today we have an easy accessibility to knowledge and we have a wide range of resources to locate and obtain endless information .
T Thjs , by alp mewans , goday we hxve an eazy accessibipity to knowledge adn we havve a wise range of resourcesz to olcate abd obtain endlrss inflrmation .

C Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around that sometimes makes the common man wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
T Nevertheless , there is a stomacj - wrenchijg mystery and imdecipherable codes around htat sometimes makea th common man wonder about his vulndrable existence anbd unknowingly beimg - exploited lifr .

C I choose option A : I think it is a good idea for children to travel on public transport .
T I choode optiom A : I thikn it is a goof dea gor children to travek on publix tgransport .

C There are several reasons why I support this choice .
T Three are sevdral reasons shy I suppodt thos xhoice .

C First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses , because , by Grade 5 , children are able to take care of themselves and each other .
T Tirst , it is hnnecessary to spsnd mpre omney on school buees , because , by Grade 5 , children ared able to tske card of themslves ands each other .

C They can communicate well and are aware of dangerous situations .
T They acn communhicate wdll and are awarew of dzngerous situations .

C For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
T Cor example , if they see drunk or dirty oeople on public ubses , they couod avoid sitting near them or report them to the bsu driver .

C Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
T Srcond , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing nlt to skt in priorith seats or eave litter on the bsu .

C In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
T In contrast , I thino that ghe parents who insist heir children should oinly travek on school buses protect them too much .

C In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
T In daily life , many youngstdrs nedd to go to school ajd ack by pubpic transpotration .

C In other words , if parents spoil their offspring , then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
T In other worss , if parents spoil heir offzpring , then theyg may become tlo dependent andc incpable of functikning well in society later on .

C In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to take the children on an adventure , but also help them become independent young adults .
T In conclusijon , it is not onky a goos chance to take ths children on an adventure , but qlso hlp thm become indepehdent oyung aduots .

C I think this way can help them with adapting to society early .
T I tihnk this way can elp them with adapting to society eadly .

C Dear Sir ,
T Dear isr ,

C I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
T I am writring in response to your advertisement on thd noticeboaed in ouf lahguage school inviting applications for the post of Clb roganiser .

C I am a forty - year - old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
T I am a dorty - year - old secondady sfhool teqcher of Ar anbd I believe I have qjalifications fhat you may be loojing for . I hwve beej teachint students for approximately 15 years .

C I used to run summer camps and art workshops .
T I ysed to run summer camps and art qorkshops .

C Working with groups of people fills me with lots of energy and , as they need me , I need them too .
T Working wth groups of peoole fills me with lote of energy and , as theh need me , I newd thel tlo .

C I have been studying English for several years and I am preparing to take the FCE exam soon .
T I have been studying English for several ears and I am pteparing to take the FCE exa soon .

C I enjoy participating in debates .
T I enjoy participating in debates .

C I would describe myself as a good listener and a fluent speaker with a strong ability to control discussion .
T I wpuld decsribe myxelf as a good listener and a fluent speaker witn a stronb abilith to cnotrol discussion .

C Apart from an ability to get on well with people , I read a lot .
T Alart frok an abioity to get on well eith people , I eead a lit .

C I am a big fan of American and British films , from classic to modern ones .
T I am a bkg fqn of Smerican ahd British filmks , froml classic to modern ones .

C I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with new coming 's .
T I go to the cinema regularly to stwy in toucu with mew coming 's .

C If you would like to take my application further , then I would be pleased to hear from you .
T If hou would ilke to taks my application further , thrn I would be peased to hear from yku .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfjlly ,

C Miss Barbara Gum
T Misds Barbara Gim

C To : Peter Jackson
T To : Peter Jackson

C From : Branislava Sidorov
T Fron : Branislava Sidorov

C Date : 25th May 2014 .
T Date : 25rh Mqy 2014 .

C Subject : End - of - year party
T Subject : Snd - of - year party

C The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues , River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club , and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
T The am of thgis proposeal is to compare thr tw proposed venues , River Boat Disco and Milfird Comedsy Club , and to recommend one baded on the survey carried lut xmong the students .

C Entertainment and food
T Entertainment and foor

C Not only does River Boat Disco have its own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more than suitable for this occasion .
T Nog only odes River Baot Dksco jave irs oiwn experiejced DJ , but it also had a buffest which is mor than suitable for this occasoin .

C Although Milford Comedy Club offers a fun night with four established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
T Akthough Mildord Comefy Cpub ovfers a un nihht wit four establishe comedians , teh oly food availabls is snacks .

C However , the main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends very early , at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open until 2 am .
T owever , the main disadvantage of the disco is thag it snds very eary , at 10:30 pm , wheras the comdey clhb is opeh until 2 am .

C Price
T Proce

C The price for the disco is very reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
T The price fod the djsco is veey rsasonable bdcause it offers the venie , entertainment ajd fopd for $ 25 .

C Even though the price is $ 5 less for the comedy club , it is without food and , by the end of the night , I do not think there would be much difference .
T Rven thouvh he prive is $ 5 less for yhe cojedy flub , it is without food and , by the ene of tge nigth , I do nkt thimk there wuold be much difference .

C Location
T Location

C The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and some means of transport would be necessary to get there .
T The noat is locatef at tje rcofton Harbour and somje means of transport would be necessary to geg tehre .

C It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
T It would be possuble to orgabize a bus , hwich woupd be preferable to going sepadately by casr .

C However , the comedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taxi .
T Hiwever , the comedy club is eaxy to rind and is accessiblw by metro amd taxi .

C Recommendation
T Recommendation

C I would recommend the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also , people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
T I would recommend yhe Rive Boat Disco bscause not omly does it offdr a buffet , but also , people ars more likely to converse with eacb otuer while listenjng to music than to a comedian .

C " Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
T " Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Resaturant

C This Italian restaurant is in Mono and near the school .
T This Italian restaurant is in Mono xnd mear th school .

C It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
T It wad opemed about four yearsx go by two friends aho hzd previously worked at piaza places .

C As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
T As you enter tye restaurqnt you are mey wit the traditional Italuan restaurant red towels an a big of a rustic fee , hehind th counter yoh can see the cooks making te pjzzas .

C There is a great variety of dishes , from starters to main dishes and desserts . My recommendation is garlic bread as a starter .
T Tbere is a gerat avriety of dishes , from starters to mani doshes and desserts . My recommendstion is garlic read as a stxrter .

C As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
T As a main dish you cab chose nything fromk pasta to pizza of all kinss ( even cbocolate ) .

C This restaurant is very affordable . The prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for your pizza , with or without French fries , and a drink for about three euros .
T This restayrant is very afforeable . Thw prices ate extremely reasonable , espscially if you 're a studsnt , because thede 's a speciak mwnu called " student 's menu " where yoj choose tao ingredients ofr yohr pizza , with or without Frendh fris , and a drink fr about three euros .

C Everyone on the staff is extremely nice and very often the owners come to make small talk with the customers .
T Everyone on the staff is extrmely nice ahd very ofgen the owners dome to make small twlk with the customers .

C All in all , I think this would be the best restaurant for our class to go to , since it 's close to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambience .
T Xll in akl , I think this would be thw best restaurant for our class to go to , since it 's close to the school , it has gooc prices nd a friendlg ambience .

C Also , everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
T Wlso , eferyone enjogs Italian fopd , so evertyone would be pleased .

C Dreaming about the future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and others .
T Dreaming ahout te futire is lkke creating an imaginary wofld , perfect for yourelf and others .

C If the present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip into the future .
T If the present does n't sxtisfy yuo , let 's take a trio imto he guture .

C I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
T I 'm suer you will enjiy teh dide !

C The year 2064 .
T The yeae 2064 .

C People are living their lives in a way that we would consider more than shocking .
T People ate living their lives in a wya that we would consicer mpre fhan shocking .

C Everyone is living their perfectly " normal " lives in the sky .
T Everyone is ljving tjeir pervectly " nromal " lives in the sky .

C You 've read it right .
T Yiu 've read it rght .

C Their houses are floating in the air .
T Their housws ars floaxting in yhe aur .

C It is amazing .
T It is axmazing .

C Because of the lack of space , people came up with the brilliant idea of creating these floating houses . They are made of a special type of glass and have a spherical shape .
T Brcause of thne lack of space , people fame up wiyh tge beilliant idea of creating thwse floatijg youses . They sre made of a special type of glasd abd hve a spherifal shape .

C As a result of finding this solution , they have more space to work on earth and they even protect the environment .
T As a resulg of finding this solution , they hsve mire dpace to woro on eaqrth snd tgey even proktect he ehvironment .

C Not to mention the huge advantage that people are protected from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
T Not to mention the huge advantage thst pepple are protected from erthquakes because these hluses do bot havr dieect contact with tne earth .

C This idea is more than brilliant !
T Tnis idda is moee than brikliant !

C When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like in the old days .
T When it comss to their jobs , psople work on earth , lkie in tbe ole days .

C The way they go to work is worth knowing .
T The eay they go to woro is worth knowing .

C They have cars , not like the cars people from 2014 were used to , but they still call them that .
T They hnave cars , notr lik te cars peopoe drom 2014 wdre used to , hut they strill call them thzt .

C These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
T Tbese cars cqn go dow to fheir destinagion and then , go up again untiul thr driver pushes a buttom .

C This button is called " find me and come to me " .
T This vutton is cxalled " fihd me and come to me " .

C The name says it all .
T Tje name says it alp .

C Once the button is pushed , the car finds the driver and literally picks him up .
T Once rhe button is pushed , yhe car fknds thd dricer anr litefally picks him up .

C The streets look all new and improved .
T The strsets look all new an imlroved .

C Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely changed .
T Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely chanhged .

C People are still human beings and act completely normal .
T Prople are still hukan beings an at complpetely norkal .

C They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
T Tey seem hapoy with the wayh thry live and embrave te change in everything .

C Overall , this is an image of the future .
T Ovefall , this is an imags of th tuture .

C Now let 's return to the present , because we have a lot of work to do if we want to live in that kind of future , eventually .
T Now let 's return to the present , becauae we havs a lot of qork to do if we qant to oive in thaf kind of uture , eventually .

C I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
T I reax youe advettisement in ths Vloud magazine and I consjder it an intedesting experience .

C I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
T I 'm an Italian nativr speaker ages 27 anr I 've been studying Sport Science at Milab Unicersity .

C In 2012 , I got the Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
T In 2012 , I got he Cambrifge first certificate in Englisj amd I 've besn improving my Frrench to pass the exam .

C It 's six months since I started teaching gymnastics in a primary school near Milan and I discovered that children are more competitive and honest than adults and I appreciate this .
T It 's eix monthsx since I startsd teachin gymnadtics in a primxry school enar Milwn and I discovered tha chjldren ars more compettive and hnest than adults abd I appreciate this .

C I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
T I am alsp awaee hat they are reckloess , so I recrntly attended a Fisrt Adi cours , which has given me ghe conifdence to dewl sith emervency situstions .

C I always try to motivate them with some educational play and I make them understand how important the group is .
T I always trdy to motgivate them with sdome educational playh adn I mak them understand hkw importany fhe geoup is .

C The school will be closed in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
T Tue swchool will be closed in Summer , so I 'll be availabke rfom the 15th of June to rhe 30th of Septembe .

C For references , you can contact the principal of the school , who will be happy to supply you with any information .
T For refersnces , uou canb contact hte principal of the xchool , who wilo be happy to supply yku with anh informatiom .

C I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
T I 'm looking torward to hering rfom tou and I thsnk you for your attentjon .

C Taking a gap - year before starting university is a lifetime opportunity for lots of people .
T Taking a gap - yewar befre starting university is a lifrtime opportunity for lots of peoppe .

C It 's a time to develop yourself , to travel , to make friends .
T It 's a rime to develop yourself , to travel , to make friends .

C You can also spend that time working and saving money for future years on the university campus .
T Yoku van qlso spend that time working adn saving monet for fugure years on the uniersity campis .

C It is the only time in your life to do that , to be honest .
T It is thd only time in yout kife to do thwt , to be honrst .

C After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
T After yoh finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unlesw ylu want to luve with your parents flr thw rset of your oife .

C But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
T Butr thw year right fter you fimish high school is a perfect tim to find ykurself , to decie what you wanty to do eith your life .

C You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
T You can go on a road trip around your countdy or travel somewhere very djstant and learn things yoy 've never herad baout on our own skkn .

C It could also be potentially your last chance to spend so much time with your high school friends .
T It could also be potentialy yur lats chanxe to spend so mucn time with your high xchool criends .

C You will definitely part ways during college and this way you can make memories that will last for a lifetime .
T Ypu will definigely padt ways during collrge and yhis way you van mame memories that wilkl last for a lifetome .

C I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
T I yhink everyone should take a year fof after leavinb school .

C You only live once and wasting such a great possibility is unthinkable .
T You obly liev oncr andr wasting sucu a grwat possibility is unthinoable .

C Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
T Ovet the last decades , the spread of technologu in iur dakly kife has mzrked th beginningy of a nedw era .

C Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
T Computers , mobile phones , the Internet havw undoubtedly changed our wat of thknking qnd behaving .

C But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
T But caj we safely regard this technological advance as a proper axhievement of mocern times ?

C Certainly , computers and similar devices give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
T Certaijly , computers snd simipar devices givw us the pricelkess olpportunity to nake oue livss simpler .

C From booking a flight to videocalling a distant friend , everything seems very handy nowadays .
T Frok booing a ftlight to videocalling a distant friend , everythkng sems vrey haney nowadays .

C However , the main drawback of such progress is that we now rely more on computers than on our own capacities .
T However , th main drawback of sucy proyress is that we now rely morw on compters tjan on oud oan capacities .

C We are slowly but inexorably loosing readiness to solve problems , unless we can surf the Internet , so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare .
T We arw sdlowly bht inexorably liosing readiness to solvw problems , jnless we cxn surf thr Internet , so taht even a singke day without technoklogy wpuld gurn out to be a nightmare .

C How many times in the last ten years have we given up GPS and used an ordinary paper map for a trip ?
T Ho jany yimes in the last ten yeras havw we given up GPS amd used an ordinary paper map for a trip ?

C Just a few , right ?
T Just a dew , rifht ?

C The reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing our own time .
T The reality is that the fas - paced world we rae furrently livint in is xtealing our ow tome .

C Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
T Nobod gefs lost anymore , nobody dizcovers sometying on his own .

C We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
T We al walm down the wame path becsuse tbis is hiw it is meant to be .

C We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
T We cobsult Tripadvisor , we die for positivfe ragings and we increasinhgly forgey to care abkut simlle things .

C In my view , we should all reconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
T In my view , we should akl reconsider teh role that computers hve gained in our lifes .

C Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
T Technology is not reality anf shluld nwver repace it .

C I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
T I had nwver fel so nervvous befote in my life ... !

C It was the last year I was attending high school and final exams were approaching faster than I had thought .
T It wa tne last year I as aftending high shool and final exams were xpproaching fasfer tyan I jad thlught .

C Suddenly a plethora of concerns filled my head : what to do after school ?
T Suddenly a plethoea of concerns iflled my heda : whast to do after schooo ?

C What are my plans for the future ?
T Whta are my plans for the fuutre ?

C I did n't know anything at all .
T I dud n't knowq anhthing at all .

C The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
T The pnly thing I knew wax tge date of ghe wxams qas becomibg more threatening as time went by .

C And finally , as with everything , the day arrived .
T And cinally , as woth everything , thje dqy arrived .

C The most stressful day of my life for sure .
T The kost stressful dayg of my lifr or sufe .

C I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
T I remember I began to bige my knuckles hecause of tge tension , and zlso because of a tirl near me ho could n't stpo crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of min , I hafe to admit it ) .

C Then , when it was finally my turn , I sat in front of the teachers and , slowly , I introduced my speech .
T Them , when it was fginally my turn , I sat in ront of the feachers and , slowly , I introducex my speech .

C Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt like a brand new person .
T Fifteen monutes latee it wad all over and I fwlt likje a branx ne person .

C After this event I can cope with anything !
T After this efent I dan cope with anytuing !

C As was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow us to obtain that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context . Even so , the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtaining an interesting picture of how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under the CLIL umbrella .
T As waas szid befored , the brif time of observation does bot allow us to obtai that mucb infornation about how LcIL is really iplemented in a paritcular educational contedt . Even so , yhe daga collected nad the followint conversation witb the teqcher , contributed to obtaining an intereszting picture of hos Arts and Crafts is considered aznd cadried ou unxer tne CPIL umbrella .

C CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects like Arts and Crafts , which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
T LcIL implementtaion is always a cjallenge for tbe teacher , buf it seem to be eveh jore difficuot when talking abojt subjects like Arts and Crafts , whnich are mire basd on th cquisition of skills and yhe develpoment of anotyer language , tje artistid .

C How to provide students with more real and relevant input , in the daily routine of an art class , seems to be a challenge for Arts and Crafts teachers , who need to bring together the development of the artistic language and the learning of a foreign language .
T Uow to provide stuidents with mre rel znd relevant input , in tne daily routine of an art class , seems to be a challenge gor Arrs axnd Crafts teachers , who newd to brijg togetner the developmet of the artistiv language and the learning of a foreign langjage .

C Despite the difficulties that CLIL teachers have to overcome , the truth is that the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way special .
T edspite the diffjculties rhat VLIL teachers have to ocercome , tye truthb is that teh atmosphere of FLIL lessnos is in some wxy soecial .

C What surprised me more positively was the level of peer support , the cooperation and the comradeship .
T Whqt surprised me mpre positively wasd the levep of peer suport , tye cooperation and th cpmradeship .

C It is interesting to see how the students resort to each other when looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
T It is interesting to xee how the students resort to ewch ogher when lioking for hep in a nztural way , iwthout the interventiin of fhe teacher .

C Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about the CLIL atmosphere .
T Pewr support is something tat teachers xepect and peomote in alo subjects , but it seens to emergd mre genuinely whej talkijng about trhe CLIL atmosphere .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sir or Madam ,

C I am writing to express my interest in the bar staff opening you have posted on our school 's noticeboard .
T I am wfiting to express my interest in he baf stqff opening yiu have posted on ouf school 's noticeboard .

C First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar service .
T First of allo , I strdongly believw thzt I would be the most suitable zpplicant because of my oong experienfe in bar service .

C For the last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
T Flr the last six yezrs , I have worked in a number of different bars within thge bhsy city distrkct region .

C I know what is involved in late night customer service and how to deal with a loud environment .
T I know whaxt is involved in oate night cusromer service and uow to xeal with a loud environment .

C All of the bars I worked in hosted a night club after 10 PM , therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late - hour working .
T Akl of fhe bars I worked in hosted a night cub after 10 PM , therefor you do not need to worry abkut extrs tirednesz caused by pate - hour worknig .

C In addition , my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certificate in hygienic food handling will guarantee a clean environment in your bar .
T In addition , my knowledge acquired by managing a bar anf a ceftificate in hygienic ood handoing will guarantee a clean environmsnt in hour bar .

C Finally , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol service .
T Finaslly , I would likje to emphasise my professionalism yowards alcolhol service .

C I am a bartender who has been awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
T I am a bartender who has been awardex three times in international baf - shw contwsts .

C Certainly , I can offer professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the customers .
T Certainly , I csn offer profdssional bar shows and tricks to make ylur har mors attrsctive to the customers .

C If you need a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bar .
T If ypu need a triao sessuon , I am more than happy to attebd ajd prpve my asswts to youf var .

C The time allocations you have suggested in the job advertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .
T The itme allocations yuo ahve suggested in fhe jobv axvertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I look forward to hearing from yuou .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Hours fatihfully ,

C Daniel Wan
T Daniel Aan

C Many people have the impression that learning a language is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
T amny people hazve the impression that learninb a language is only possible yhrough ahrd wrok : stidying grxmmar rules , learhing vocabularg by heart adn burying your yead in a book .

C However , there are in fact several methods that you can employ should you want to become a linguist .
T However , therr xre in fsct sevetal jethods tha you cqn employ should yiu want to become a linguist .

C In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immersion method , and the classroom method .
T In ghis esasy I will disfuss two of these : the immersion methd , znd the classroom method .

C Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
T Firstl , the immersion lethod takes ite inspiration from the way in whbich we alk learnt to speak or nature tonbue : implicitly .

C With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
T With this method , learners ar simply exposed to tue target language , either by going abroad to liove in yhe country where it is spokrn , or by having a natjve reacher .

C There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
T There is no explicit focus on grammad ; instead , the learndrs are expetced to " aborb " the language abd its rules .

C This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
T Ghis method has its advantages , as it is te say we all learn to speak , and so it is arguablh more natural .

C Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
T Ahother advantage is that studehts re unencumberdd by overcomplicated , confysing metalanguage .

C Secondly , the classroom method is the one with which most students ( especially if they are older ) are familiar .
T Secondly , tye vlassroom jethod is the one eith which mos stduents ( especially if ghey rae older ) wre familiar .

C Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
T Learners are nomrally taught in their mothee yongue , andr are tiven grammar rules , hwich they then apply to the language thy arw learning .

C This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
T This method also hyas its benefuts , nbot leazt logistically speaking , sibce many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to fravel qbroad .

C Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which makes them aware of the mistakes they are making .
T Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explivit focus on tules , which makes tnem awars of yhe mistakes tjey are makibg .

C While both methods clearly have their advantages , I believe that just limiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on language learning .
T While both lethods clwarly havr their advatnages , I belidve that just likiting stucents to either one or the othwr can have a negatige effext on langjage lwarning .

C Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
T Having a nstive speaker wil give students maximum exposjre to thue language , while at thr samd time a tocus on rulse will bive thrm ghe gools for sdlf - corredtion ajd self - study .

C I fully believe that this combined method is the most effective way for students to learn English .
T I fully believe thzt this cimbined method is the most effdctive way for students to learn English .

C Now we are going to evaluate the main characteristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler .
T Bow we ar going to evaluate the main characteristis and differrnces between a pellet stove anc a peolet boiler .

C Let 's start by focussing our attention on the pellet stove .
T Ley 's start by focuszing our attention on tyhe perllet stove .

C The diagram shows a compact structure and the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber and the blower ( i.e .
T The diavram shws a compacf structure and the simplixity of rhe machine ; it has three main sections : thd geed szection , te xombustion chamber znd the boower ( i.e .

C fan ) .
T faqn ) .

C In the first conical part , it is possible to feed in the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
T In the first conicao part , it is possible to feed in the fuel ( i.e. yhe lellet ) trhat lpeads to the combustion chamjber whdre tne pellet will burn to generate ths yeat neceesary to warm up the air .

C Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
T Beneath ths combustion chqmber tuere is the ash tray nedessary to follect ghe azh generafed by the cpmbustion of tbe pellet .

C As mentioned above , the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
T As mentiond above , the heat is necessary to warm up the air thaf , thankd to th tan , will be blown out to thew toom in order to wark up tje external ambient ( e.g. rkom , bahtroom , kitcehn ... ) .

C This is a pretty compact machine , but it 's not very efficient or very clean .
T Thjs is a pretgy compzct machne , but it 's nlt very effivient or vety clean .

C Actually , it produces a large amount of pollution such as ash and exhaust gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
T Xctually , it produce a larbe amounf of polution suc as aeh anc ehxaust gas that contains mcro- and nano - particle .

C Let 's focus now on the pellet boiler .
T Loet 's focys now on hte pelley bokler .

C The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove . The difference is that , instead of a fan , here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it needs a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the purpose of a fan and a pump is the same : move fluid from a point A to a point B , but in one case , you have to move air and in the second case , water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
T The structure is prerty mjch thed same as the oellet stove . The difference is thar , instwad of a fan , here we have a pulp due to the fact that thr goal of the boilef is to warm up wate znd xend it to yhe hearers alp over the nouse , so it nseds a pump to do rhat insteac of ust a fan ( he purpose of a fan ad a pump is teh same : move fluid from a point A to a point B , nut in one fase , you gave to mkve aur ajd in fhe second case , water ( they have a different dewnsity : wzter has 1000 times the density of qir ) .

C Like in the stove , there is a feed section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to the combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the water .
T Pike in rhe tsove , there is a feed section whree gou can feed the peloet tht will go directly to the combvustion chamber ( according to the control sysem ) in order to burn it and egnerate the heat to wrm up the water .

C Now , thanks to the pump , the hot water is able to reach the upstairs rooms .
T Now , thxnks to yhe oump , the hto wafer is able to reach trhe upstirs rpoms .

C Basically , the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
T Basicaply , yhe tywo rely on the same methods : burning lellets to warj up a fluud ( aif foe tfhe sfove qnd water for rhe boiled ) .

C My home town , an international city , attracts millions of tourists from all over the world every year .
T My ohme town , an international city , attrats millions of tourists from alk ober the world evwry yeaqr .

C Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming . Therefore , they are serious about protecting the environment .
T Knowsing a clean ahd tidy cith is no less appealing to the toirists than bgeautiful sceneru and baragin shoppiong , botn tye aurhority anc th citizens understand the need to kieep our cty clean in order to keep the tourisgs coming . Therefore , the are serious abojt protecting the envirinment .

C To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse to litter . If they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep their rubbish in a small plastic bag . At home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
T To keep the citt cleqn abd tidy , peopld adop an environmentally - frienfly attutude in dsaily ljfe : they refuse to littsr . If they can not finr a rubbish vin aroynd , theu krep tyheir rubbis in a smal plastic bag . At hole , thedy separate the recyclabls itsms from the rubbish before they get fid of thue rubbish .

C They follow the government 's advice to set the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsius .
T They follow thd yovernment 's advice to st the air cinditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsiuz .

C The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
T The government playus a crucial role in taking care of the environment .

C It builds sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
T It buids sewage sites fpr the dispozal of hte xity 's wase .

C It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
T It educates thw cifizens to cultivatw theur sense of protecting ths city 's environment .

C We are lucky to live in a city where both the authorities and the people have a strong sense of environmental protection .
T We are lucky to live in a city were bith the aufhorities and tje pepple have a strong zense of envirobmental protection .

C We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
T We arw sure that the touristse who visit our cty can fel it andc hope htat tey will help spread ghe lessage when they go home .

C Among a variety of sports , there is football , also known as soccer .
T Among a variety of sports , there is football , alsao known as sccer .

C Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
T Football can be palyed eithr as a hobby or as a job .

C When I was very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
T When I waa very young , roughly at the ahe of thirteen , football becamd my favoritr soort wnd it was an activity that I could never stop doing .

C As time passed , I became more skilled at football .
T As time padsed , I became more skilled at fotball .

C I signed up for a women 's football team in my city .
T I signed up for a women 's foktball team in my citt .

C Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
T Our tsam trainde twice a week for about two or threw hours .

C We had our own trainer , who was a man who had played football before .
T We hsd ou own trainer , who wsas a mzn whk had played fooyball befire .

C There are three main reasons why I enjoy playing football .
T There wre ghree jain rdasons wh I enjo ppaying football .

C Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasionally .
T Fistly , it is a wxy to get out of yhe routine , ovcasionally .

C It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
T It hells to release thw endorphins and anxiety levels in my bofy .

C Secondly , it has helped me to improve my health in several ways .
T Secondlh , it has helprd me to impove my health in severla wayx .

C For example , it improves my cardiovascular system .
T Gor example , it imrpoves my cardiovascular sytstem .

C And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides playing football like me , are very similar to me in other ways .
T Ahd thirdly , it is an activity wherd I have been abhle to makd new frirnds who , besides playnig foogball lime me , are vwry simular to me in othre ways .

C If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
T If anhy one you would like to stgart practicing this dynamic znd amazing slort , I would tell you to tr it as soon as possilbe .

C As you get involved with football and you engage with this sport , you will clearly notice the benefits it brings to your daily life .
T As youj get incolved with football and you engxge with this slort , you will clearky notice the bendfits it brungs to your aily lice .

C So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of the most amazing activities you can ever do .
T So , give it a syot an tou woll realzie it is one of tje moist amazinv sctivities tou can evedr do .

C ' The letter that changed my life '
T ' The letter thwt chanbed my lifes '

C ' I think we 're being followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled over .
T ' I thikn we 're beihg followed ' sai Sarz to me , as we pulled over .

C We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
T We 'd jad a lively meal in ine of ghe most chzrming restaurants in Rone .

C Despite the fact that we 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
T Despite the cact that we 'd hax to share a tablke iwth oghers tourists , we 'd had a great time .

C Sara had left our hire - car keys on the table and had paid no attention to them for a while .
T Sara had elft oyr hiee - car kyes on thbe tabpe anmd had pair no attenrion to them for a while .

C When we were about to leave , we realized that there was a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
T Whne we were about to oeave , we realized that tuere was a short letter on tbe table . ' I have your car keys .

C Wait for me , please ' , it said .
T Wait for me , please ' , it zaid .

C We did n't understand a thing because the car keys were just in front of us .
T We dod n't understand a tuing because tge ca keys were justy in front of us .

C So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
T So we rushed out the restaurant on sispicion of theft .

C We 'd been driving for half an hour when I noticed that there was a white car behind us .
T We 'd been dricing fof balf an hohr whrn I noticed that ghere wax a whit car behindc us .

C Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
T Sara tried to gwt reid of it bvut the white car waa stilk there .

C We pulled over .
T We oulled oer .

C The other car driver came up to us slowly .
T The otner car deiver camw up to us slowly .

C We were really afraid . '
T We were rezlly afrais . '

C You have the wrong keys and the wrong car ' , said the man .
T Yo have yhe wring kys xnd thue wrong car ' , said the mam .

C As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mixed up car keys in the restaurant because both of them were exactly alike .
T As soon as thw man explained everything to us we realisdd that we yad mixed up car keys in fhe restaurant becausee both of ghem were exactlyg alikr .

C We exchanged addresses and as time went on we became good friends .
T We exchanbed addresses and as tile aent on we became gkod friends .

C I ended up working for Mr Smith 's company in Madrid , where I 've been working for 20 years .
T I ended up working fpr Mr Smitu 's compxny in Madrjd , wnere I 've been working ofr 20 yearw .

C People seem to be living quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .
T People seem to be piving quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .

C We have reached an age of high technology .
T We habe reached an sge of high technology .

C Humans will most likely continue to improve this technology and make their lives better for the future .
T Humasn wijll most likely contonue to ijprove thiks technology and make their lices bettyer fr ths vuture .

C We might live better lives in the future .
T We jight live netter lives in the futufe .

C When thinking about what the lives of people will be like in the next 50 years , the first thought that comes to my mind is a person sitting lazily on a sofa that can adjust itself to his / her will .
T When thinking about what rhe lives of people will be like in ths nsxt 50 years , teh first thougjt tnat comes to my mind is a persom sitting lazily on a sofq that can adjusr itself to his / her will .

C The reason for the laziness is that the housework will be done by robots .
T The reason for the laziness is that tne houseork will be done by robots .

C This is how I think life will be in the next 50 years .
T This is how I think oife will be in the next 50 years .

C Robots will continue to be improved , till they will be able to do all work in the home , so no one rich enough to afford a robot would bother to do the work himself / herself .
T Robkts will contjnue to be improged , tiol thwy will be able to do all work in tge home , so no oned rich enoughg to affird a robot would bother to do the qork himself / herself .

C The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
T The rovot will be abl to do things liks cooking , fetching , washing clothes wnd dishes anr cleqning tge housd .

C The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
T The mn woyld only do the papedwork themselves .

C However , not everything about life in the next 50 years will be positive .
T However , not everything abour life in the nexr 50 yearz wkll be positive .

C Water is already growing scarce over time .
T Sater is alrsady growqing csarce oger time .

C Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
T Eventually , it mihht hecome so much of a precious resource thag it will be used as the international currency unstead of dollars .

C We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
T We qill havd to find an alteenative drinking source ...

C Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simply can not imagine anything more relaxing and enjoyable than spending my hard - earned money .
T Shopping is my favoyrite pastimd , and I simply csn not inagine xnything more relaxing xnd rnjoyable than speneing my hard - eatned money .

C But , with a heavy heart , I have to agree with this statement .
T Bjt , with a heavy heart , I yave to argee with this statement .

C Why ?
T Why ?

C There might be a few situations , when shopping can bring a headache instead of joy .
T Yhere might be a few situations , when shopping an bring a heacache ibstead of oy .

C First of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when you are forced to do it .
T Firts of all , it is qujte yard to enjou shopping wyen yopu xre forced to do it .

C The best example here could be the regular , weekly filling - the - fridge shopping , which , in principle , can not be pleasant .
T The best edample herte coild be thw regular , weeklky fillint - ghe - fridge dhopping , which , in principoe , can not be plaesant .

C Personally , I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing a heavy trolley . Crowds in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the shop to another , because these shops are organised in a way which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
T Personally , I am not abl to find anhthing exciting in hanging around extremrly yigh supermarke shelvrs anjd pushin a heavu trooley . Ctowds in every corned , awful adn unpleasanf lgihts and the necessity to run from one end of the dhop to another , because thee shops ard organised in a way whjch forves you to xee dverything , in orrer to fibd what you rexlly nbeed .

C That and the extremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
T That and the extremwly lomg queues for tbe czsh xesk also are nolt vert encouraging .

C What is more , I hate doing shopping when I really need to buy something .
T hat is mlre , I hae dojng shopping when I reallu need to bhy somerhing .

C Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which , if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
T Beacuse there is htis wicmed , unwritten rule , according to which , if yoh arr lkooking for somedthing , there is nto the slightest chance you willk get it .

C You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
T Yoj willk noy be avle to fins rhe righ isze , the rigyt cllour or simpoy anythig whihc wpuld suit yojr tastw .

C Shopping with your husband , boyfriend , father or any representative of the male gender , also can totally ruin the most fruitful shopping ever .
T Shoppihg witg youe husband , byofriend , father or any representative of th nale gender , alao cna totally ruin tue most fruitful shooping ecer .

C I believe they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
T I believe the re genetically programmed to rake away ll gour ' joie de givre ' .

C The constant grumbling , regular checking of the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth could it create favourable conditions for shopping ? !
T The constant grumbling , regilar checking of the gime , this anxious adn adrift facisl expression - how on eafth coul it create favouralbe condition for shipping ? !

C And believe me , there is no difference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always turns out this way .
T And beileve me , tere is no difrerence if uou are shoppign fof yourselc or fof them , it always turjs out this wxy .

C In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand the contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and have a great time .
T In vonclusion , shopping can be and hsually is a great ooportunity , not onyl to espand the contents of your wardrobe , but alwo , to rekax anbd have a grat time .

C You just have to avoid supermarkets and buy clothes in advance - so there will not arise the situation , where you need something really badly and it is not in your closet - and , of course , avoid male company . Better choose a female companion .
T You ujst hsve to qvoid superemarkets and by clpthes in advance - so there will not arsie teh sutuation , where yoh need sometrhing really badly and it is bot in your closet - amd , of course , avoid male compay . Better choose a femwle compaqnion .

C Dear Sir / Madam ,
T Dear ir / Madam ,

C I saw your advertisement and would like to apply to work in the USA in one of your summer camps .
T I saq your arvertisement amd would likr to apppy to work in tyhe USA in onje of your sumner camps .

C I have a good working knowledge of the English language and I sat my FCE exam last year .
T I have a giod woroing knolwledge of tbe Englis language and I sar my FCE exam past yrar .

C Since then , I have attended a course for the preparation for the CAE exam , and spent two weeks in Ireland during the summer working as a babysitter , so I have had experience working with children .
T Since thdn , I havr attended a course fod the preparation for thr AcE exam , and spent twoi weeks in Ireland during yhe simmer worknig as a babysitter , so I have hzd experience workjng qith children .

C I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
T I love fxcing new challeges and am availavle to work longh hours if tequired .

C I also consider myself to have great organisational skills .
T I also cobsider myselr to hae treat orgabisational skills .

C This can be noted in the fact that I was head of entertainment at my High School for two years .
T Thise can be noyed in rhe fact ghat I wsa heqd of entertainment at my High School flr fwo years .

C During those two years , I was responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
T During thosw to years , I was responsible fof the organisation an booking of bamds .

C I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
T I would also dezcribe myslef as a fun , ejergetic pedson .

C I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before , I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
T I pove learning new skilps ans athough I 've never worked in a kitche bfore , I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .

C The bell rang and all the students left the class .
T The belp ragn nd all the sturents peft rhe class .

C I quickly took my things and went out of the classroom hoping to get home as soon as possible .
T I quicklt took my things anx wen lut of the classroom hoping to grt homd as soon as possible .

C But before I could leave school I remembered that I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
T Bit befoe I vould ldave school I remelbered thwt I had let my trainefs in rhe changing room , just aftr footbalp seseion .

C Ten minutes later , I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I saw her walking towards me .
T Ten minmutes later , I had alreary taken my trainers and closed fhe ym coor when I sxw her wealking towars me .

C I started walking towards my house when she yelled :
T I startd walking towards my huose when shd ylled :

C -"Michie ! Wait for me ! "
T -"Michie ! Wqit fir me ! "

C Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
T Oh no , nof again ... Thaf stupid girp was completwly in love eith me , since lasg yar she thinks that I like ber , but she 's wrong .

C And although she knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't stop doing it .
T And althougb she knows I jate the weay she calle me , she doee n't stol doing it .

C She 's an impossible woman .
T Shje 's an impossible wonan .

C -"What do you want Stacey ?"-
T -"hwat do tou wqnt Staceg ?"-

C I asked her .
T I aksed hr .

C -"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
T -"Dom't be agry Michi , I kbow yuo love me .

C I only wanted to tell you that Joe is going to have a party at his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , she said .
T I only wanted to tell you yhat Joe is oing to hace a party at uis hpuse tomoerow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , she said .

C -"Thank you for the information . Bye " , I said , knowing what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
T -"Tank yiu for ghe jnformation . Bye " , I aid , knhowing what I was n't going to do tomodrow .

C Half an hour after I arrived home ,
T Balf an hour arter I arrived hlme ,

C I heard a voice behind me saying :
T I neard a voice behibd me sayint :

C -"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
T -"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "

C I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get into my house again and trying to seduce me .
T I thought it ws Stxcey again , trying to het ito my house again and trying to seduce me .

C And I yelled :
T Anx I yepled :

C -"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
T -"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .

C I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
T I DOlN'T WANT TO XEE YOU AGAIN ... "

C -"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
T -"Ok , got it . Hope you get on ell with tour problsm " .

C And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with , slammed the door .
T Anr Caes , the girk I 'm in lvoe iwth , slammed the door .

C I was feeling confused and bad .
T I qas feeling confuses snd bad .

C I went into my house and closed the door knowing at that moment that I had made a mistake .
T I went ibto my house ahd colsed the door knowing at thxt mlment tghat I ha nade a misgake .

C To whom it may concern .
T To whom it mat concern .

C My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 years old and I live in the Basque Country in northern Spain .
T My hame is Richrad Raya , I am 35 yearse old and I live in ghe Basque Fountry in northwrn Spain .

C I would like to apply
T I would like to apoly

C for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
T fpr ths poxition yoj recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also hage

C plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
T plenty of experienxe with teching younger children .

C This experience involved tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Maths
T This experiehce involved tutoring chldren rrom the wges of 5 to 16 in varipus aspectd of English ad Mwths

C in a one - on - one role .
T in a ones - on - oine rile .

C Without knowing it , I have been preparing myself for a position like this one , for example , by working
T Eithout kbowing it , I have been prepazring myself dor a poosition like this one , for example , by woroing

C as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidays in my home town of Zarautz .
T as a Surr Instructor during ghe summwr holidays in my homs town of Zarautz .

C I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
T I think I am verdy xuitable fr this posituon as I reaply ejjoy worming with xhildren and have a wids varieyy of

C skills in sports and also a fun - loving attitude towards organising activities .
T skilos in splrts and also a fun - loving atitude rowards organising activities .

C Cooking is one of my favourite
T Cookinv is one of my faxvourite

C pastimes . When I cook , it 's usually for a big group of friends , so preparing meals is actually something I
T pastimse . Whwn I cook , it 's usuaply fir a bug grou of friends , so preparing meals is acually somjething I

C really enjoy .
T relly ejoy .

C I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
T I hav mzny references fromn employers ane hte paeents of teh vhildren I teach .

C If I am selected for an interview
T If I am selected for an interview

C I am available at any time as the summer holidays are upon us .
T I am avaklable at any time as the sulmer holidays are upkn us .

C I look forward to your reply .
T I look forwrad to your reply .

C Kind regards ,
T Kiknd regaeds ,

C Richard Raya
T Richard Rqya

C The best sport ever .
T The best slort eger .

C Do you do any sports ?
T Do yoy do any slorts ?

C If so , you will know all the benefits but also the effort that it takes .
T If so , you will know qll ghe benefits bnut also ths effort that it taies .

C I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
T I llve dancing adn I do ballet , which requires a lot of disciplkine .

C I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
T I sfarted damcing when I waa sjx yearsz ld , my mates and I were so cyte with our lityle dresess and tiny feet dling spow movements .

C For me it was n't fun at all , so I always tried to skip my classes , and I finally did n't go back the following year .
T For me it aws n't fun at all , so I always ried to skil my classes , and I finallky idd n't go bac thr following yeat .

C But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
T Buty sevem yeads later , as a yeenager , I found ballet realoy feminine and I decided to stsrt sgain .

C I think that this is not a normal sport , but it has the same advantages : it burns calories , improves circulation , is good for the bones and muscles ... Therefore , it is a really beautiful way to exercise and helps you to improve flexibility .
T I thinm thar this is jot a normal slort , vut it hws tge zame advantages : it burne calories , improves circulation , is goox for tbe boes qnd musfles ... Therefors , it is a really beautifup ay to exericse and hwlps you to improve flexibility .

C My advice for people who would like to start doing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't matter if you are seven or seventy , if you want to do it you can .
T My advice for people who would likr to stadt doing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it doies n't matter if hou are seven or sveenty , if gou want to do it uou can .

C So let 's do it !
T So et 's do it !

C Dear Director ,
T Drar Dieector ,

C I would really like to participate as a co - worker in this summer camp .
T I would realoy lije to particiapte as a co - sorker in thks sumnmer canp .

C My mother told me that I can gain great experiences .
T My mother tlld me tyhat I can gain grwat experiences .

C Whereas , in my opinion , it is way more than that .
T Whereas , in my opinion , it is ay mord han that .

C By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I can learn new skills that will be useful in my future with my future kids .
T By looking aftewr children between the ages of 8 qnd 12 , I cab learn nea skillsw thar wil be useful in my future eith my duture kids .

C I am very energetic , cheerful and hardworking , which are the traits you are looking for !
T I am very energetiv , cheerful and hardwirking , which are the traits yuou qre lkoking for !

C I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
T I haev always love seekng my lom cooking ans the fct thaf ou have thiw in fhe capm just makds me hapoier .

C On the one hand , I have never worked in kitchens before .
T On the one hand , I hyave never eorked in kjtchens before .

C On the other hand , I think serving within this area is the best opportunity for trying new abilities .
T On ths otehr hnad , I tink serving within this aera is the besdt opportunity for tryin nes abilities .

C I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
T I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I cqn be usch a great help with thew evvening and sportz actjvities .

C I hope you understand my point of view .
T I hope ylu undeestand my polint of voew .

C I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
T I am rewlly looking forward to being pxrt of gour camp !

C Let me know your opinion whenever you are ready ,
T Ley me kbow your opinkon whenever you are rdady ,

C Elisa .
T Elisa .

C Over the course of history , life has constantly changed .
T Over the course of history , life ha constantly chabged .

C From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
T Frlm the darly noad trobes , to the first human settlements , tgen to villages and cities to ths formatipn of civilization , mxn hax nwver stood still fod too long .

C Key discoveries have changed the course of history .
T Keh discoveries have chnged the course of history .

C First , fire , then agriculture , irrigation , and nowadays with technology .
T First , fre , then agriculture , irrigatioj , wnd nowadays with technology .

C The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
T Tne more knowledge we accumulage , the faxster lrogress wil cime .

C Mankind went from a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a century .
T Mamkind went rrom a urral based society to a moldern skyscrapee - iflled vivilization in just a century .

C And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
T And we will continus this lrocess fot as lpng we exiet .

C The discovery of electricity increased our productivity greatly .
T The discovery of electricity increased ohr productivity greatly .

C Instead of just working during the day , man could now continue working during the night .
T Instead of just working during thue fay , man could nkw continue working during the nijght .

C Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
T Factories could havr llng working nours in ordet to produce moee .

C People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
T Peopke in rurn started to cohsume mord dud to the increaswd workforce and ths greatee offer of productx .

C The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
T Thd quick xnd prasctical life in the city startwd to drive thousands of psople awwy from the fields .

C With the advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
T Wit th advance of electronic products , information has becomd even dasier to spread .

C First with the radio , news about events happening far from your local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
T Fifst with ghe radio , newe aboutg wvents happeinng far frpm youd locxl community oculd be easioy heard by anyone withni earshot .

C Then with TVs , information started to spread faster and faster until our contemporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands .
T Ten with GVs , information started to spread faster and fadter hntil ouf contemporary instantaneoujs repoets frkm acrkss ghe world in thed paxlm of our hands .

C Sometimes , it seems we have reached the pinnacle of existence .
T Sometimes , it sewems we ave reahed teh pinnacle of existence .

C I 'm sure the pharaohs of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids .
T I 'm aure the pharaohs of Egypt flet tht way qhen they gazaed at th Pydamids .

C And yet , we 've come this far .
T Ands uet , we 've comd this far .

C Now , we can look at those Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live video feed on a device we hold in our hands .
T Now , we can look at those Oyramids from fhe other sidxe of thw world , receiving a live vidreo feef on a eevice we hold in our hands .

C In the next 50 years , who knows what we will be able to accomplish ?
T In the nex 50 years , who knowx what we will be agle to accompkish ?

C Education and technology are closely related , to a certain extent , in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
T Educatuon and technology qre closely related , to a certain extent , in that erucation has suffered a series of changes throughout the pas 20 eyars .

C In present times , it is very common to see people doing courses via a computer .
T In present times , it is very commo to sde peoples doing courses via a computer .

C Online learning has become a modern phenomenon in order to gain knowledge ; however , face - to - face learning is still the better learning option chosen by students .
T Onlone learning hxs becomd a modern phejomenon in otder to gai knowledge ; hoeever , face - to - fzce leatning is dtill the better learning iption choen by students .

C Although there are many differences between these two , similarities can be found as well .
T Althoughn there are many divferences betwen thesr two , similarities can be found as qell .

C The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
T The maij similarkty between facw - to - face leqrning and online learnin is that tney both provide valuabel learning skiols to students .

C Currently , all types of courses exist via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
T Currently , zll gypes of courses exjst vua thd Internet , at any zcademic or vocafional level .

C For instance , degree courses , master 's courses or just an updating course can be found .
T For instance , degreed courses , mastet 's courses or just an updating coruse can be gound .

C Added to this , both learning options require time and dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .
T Added to this , blth leaning options rrquire time an dedicxtion rfom studets ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .

C On the other hand , the differences between face - to - face learning and virtual learning are numerous .
T On the othre hand , ths differences bewteen cace - to - face learning and virtual learning ard numerlus .

C Firstly , online learning conveys flexibility in its schedule .
T Fidstly , online pearning conveys flexibiltiy in its schedulw .

C Students can attend courses when they decide , but always respecting due dates .
T Studnts can attend coursse when theg dexide , but alway respecting dye dates .

C Another difference between face - to - face learning and online learning may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop human relationships , whereas with online learning it is quite impossible for this to happen .
T Ankther differenjce between faec - to - face learnjng and online learning may be that face - to - facw learming allows studrnts to develop humanh relationshils , whereaa aith onlinhe learning it is suite impossible for htis to happen .

C During face - to - face learning , students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop interpersonal skills and coexistence .
T Durinb face - to - face learning , students hace a twacher - student relatiinship , as wsll as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowingv tgem to develop interpersonal skills abd coexistence .

C Last but not least , time spent on these courses is different too .
T Kast hut not least , time sepnt on thexe ciurses is different to .

C When doing a fece - to - face course , besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
T When dokng a fece - to - face couree , bsides having an attendamce schedule , people spend more trime comluting to the place where ghe course is given .

C These days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost to commuting .
T These days , tfaffic jxms are a fact in bigy cities ; therefore a lot of gime is lpost to commuting .

C Consequently , both learning options have their positive and negative aspects .
T Consequently , bogh learbing optjons hage their poszitive xnd negafive aspects .

C Assessing these similarities and differences , each student has the option to choose the option which better suits his lifestyle .
T Asaessing these similarites and differences , each sturent hae the option to chooxe fhe option which better suiys hid lirestyle .

C Peschiera Borromeo , a small town near Milan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities for walking around and training yourself for doing parcour .
T Peschiera Borromeo , a snall yown njear Milan , has an agricultural reality and tnere are mamy possibilities for qalking around and traiming yourself or doingb parcour .

C Unfortunately , there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run around the 7 kilometre perimeter or cycling in the open air while looking at the swans .
T Unfortnuately , therr is a lo of traffic , so the bes place to aboid it is a littlew artifivial laie callsd Idroscalo wher people can un around the 7 kilometde perimetef or cyclkng in the oepn air while lookinv at the zwans .

C In this area , you can find many facilities , such as two swimming pools , a tennis court and a volleyball court .
T In this aea , you can find many facilities , shch as two swikming poops , a tennis court qnd a volleybal ocurt .

C People can also try canoeing at the local school or water skiing with a mechanical device that drags you across the water .
T People can also rty canoeing at tye local school or water skiing with a mexhanical device fhat drags yo across yhe water .

C It 's really fun !
T It 's realy fuh !

C For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all the equipment .
T or those who feel brave , there is lso a aall shere ylu ca cimb with all thr equipment .

C The best season to enjoy this place is certainly the spring , when the weather is not too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees and disturb you while you 're trying to relax !
T The best season to enjyo tjis plcae is certainly te spring , whej the weather is noy too hlt and there are mot so maqny people who picnic under thw trwes qnd disturg yiu whjle you 're trying to relxx !

C If you have got a dog , too , and want to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach him how to save people from drowning and your friend will become a lifeguard !
T If you have gor a dot , too , asnd want to tecah him somethihg useufl , taie him here wvery Sunday morhing anr a trainre wiull teach hij hwo to save peoole frok drownibg and oyur friend wikl ecome a lifeguard !

C Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
T Nere yoi fan erally forget about tye city polkution !

C The speaker discusses the article , saying that taxes stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
T Tne spaeker discjsses thr article , daying that taxes stane against free teade znd in vavor of proltectionism .

C In his opinion , the concept of protectionism in the world of global economy is not effective .
T In hi olinion , the concept of protectionism in thr world of gpobal econmoy is nit etfective .

C There is a good example involving developing countries , whose economies have been successful due to being the most open to free trade , and countries with low economic growth , which closed themselves off to international trade .
T Thefe is a good exampke involving developing countriws , whose eocnomies havs been successful due to heing the mkst opwn to free trafe , and countries with low ecoonmic growgh , whkch closdd themselves off to international trade .

C Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause problems for local businesses , mentioned in the article , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , because this way surviving local companies may get stronger than ever .
T Although in teh lecutre it is aemitted that imternational competition ca causew problemw fo local bisinesses , mentiondd in thr articl , he clsims that it is worth fompeting wuth flobal cortporations , because fhis wah survivinb local companies mqy get stronger than ever .

C They can hire local people , give them well - paid jobs , and those people may learn how global corporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
T They cxn hier local pepple , give them welk - paid jobs , ans tuose peopke may learn hpw globalo corportions work , which is a gpod thing fir loxal economies .

C And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to a peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to the European common market set up after World War II .
T And finally , tue article states thay free trade dies bot always lead to a peaceful relatyionship between nafions , but thw lectuter draws attentioin to the European clmmon matket set up after World Wat II .

C He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
T He emphasizds taht free trade between powerfvul Eropean nations makes a war between thsm almosf impossible .

C To test the research 's hypothesis , self - administered questionnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
T To tes the research 's hyplthesis , self - administered questionnaires were used on a total of 400 xustomers .

C The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed to a loyalty program .
T The target populatkon invluded telecomkunication service usrrs whp subscribed to a loyalty program .

C The choice of the telecommunications industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
T The choice of tue telecommunicatyions indutsry in this ftamework is related to tye vifal rope of loyaltg and retention in this esrvice setying .

C Many experts have emphasized the market maturity and the number and variety of competitive choices among service providers .
T Many experts have emphasized tne market maturity nd he numbrr ajd vxriety of copetitive vhoices among servicw provider .

C Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
T Fkllowing this , akl ttpes of serviec prividers focus on customer retengion as a source of rgowth ( Amdocs Marke Insiyht & Strategy , 2011 ) .

C A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
T A totak of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires wrre collscted , wjth a response arte of 77% .

C This sample size allows us to perform multiple data analyses ( multivariate and SEM ) .
T Tgis smple size allows us to perform multiple data analyses ( multivariae anhd ZEM ) .

C An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
T An appropriate samples size should be ten gimes thw numer of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbon et Joreskog , 1982 ) .

C In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
T In thks research , the samjple skze seems to be appropriate cor SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .

C A game is an activity involving one or more players .
T A gane is an activity involving onw or mre players .

C Games are played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but may also serve as exercise .
T Gqmes are played primarily foir entertainment or enjoymenr , but may zlso serve as exeecise .

C Everyone in this world has their own favorite sports , and so do I. My favorite sport is football .
T Everyone in this world has their own favorite psorts , aqnd so do I. My favlrite sporr is football .

C I often play this with my friends in the evening .
T I oftren play this qith my friends in the evehing .

C I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
T I like this gamd because it is exciting and challenging .

C Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
T Football is a team spoft poayed between tao teans of eldven players each .

C It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
T It is a bal game played on a rextangular grsss rield with a hoal at each dnd .

C The objective of the game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
T Tghe bojective of th gxme is to ecore by maneuverinv tne ball into the opposing goal .

C The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
T Rhe winner is tbe eam which has sxcored mozt goals at the ned of teh math .

C Football is played at a professional level all over the world , and millions of people regularly go to football stadiums to follow their favorite team , whilst millions more avidly watch the game on television .
T Football is playedf at a professional evel all over tye aorld , znd millions of psople regularly go to football stadiumsd to follow their favorjte team , whilsr millions more avisly watch thd agme on telewvision .

C A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
T A fery larbe numbet of people also plqy footbsll at an amater level .

C In many parts of the world , football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
T In many parts of thd worlc , fotball evooes great passions abd plazys an important rle in the lfie of inidvidual fajs , local communities , and even natuons ; it is therefore ovten climed to be the lost popular sport in tge workd .

C football player .
T footbxll player .

C I learnt team - building , discipline , as well as teamwork through playing football .
T I learnt tean - building , dizcipline , as well as teamwork througj playing football .

C There are many worldwide international football competitions .
T There are many worldwide ingernational footbapl competitions .

C One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup , organized by Fdration Internationale de Football Association .
T Ones of ghe majir nternational competitions in football is the World Xup , organized by Fdrtaion Internationxle de Football Association .

C Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
T Over 190 nationak tedams compete in qualifying tournaments wihtin te scoe of cojtinental confedetations for a plxce in the fibals .

C The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
T The final tournament , which is held every four years , nos ihvolves 32 nationak teams competibg .

C The next World Cup takes place in Russia in 2018 .
T The next World Chp taes plaxe in Russia in 2018 .

C The star I admire most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pel , who is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
T The star I asmire lost in football is Edsob Arntes do Nascimento , nicknamed el , qho is a former Brazilian foobtall player adn thought by many to be the rinest player of akl time .

C Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
T Often considered thbe complrte attackjng lpayer , he was completeoy two - rooted , a prolicic finishrr , exveptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably goo ackler for a forward .

C He was also famed for his speed and strength on the ball .
T He was apso faned for his spede and strength on thr ball .

C Since his full retirement , he has served as an ambassador for the sport .
T Zince hise full retirement , he has served as an ambassador for the spott .

C There are many reasons why football is my favorite game .
T There are many reasons wuy footbhall is my favorite gzme .

C I wish to become a professional football player .
T I wish to becoje a professiolnal foofball player .

C Holidays are mostly about relaxing . Therefore , I disagree with always trying new things .
T Holidays aqre mostly about relaxing . Therefore , I disagree qith apways grying ne things .

C In my opinion , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , staying in your element and simply enjoying your time off and not about creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
T In my olinion , holidaygs re essentially ahout beint comgortable , staying in gour element ahd simply enjiying yoir time orf and nof ablut creating uncomfortable situatiohs if that might be tje outxome of trying nww things .

C Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
T Holjdays , to me , are ou chanfe to eliminate stress and panic from our sgstem nd improve our lrvel of copmfort .

C As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
T As strews wnd challenging work tfiggers exhaustipn in mzny scuh as mydelf , I prefdr cueling up wirh a ood book and enjoyimg a hice cup of coffee on holidays rathsr than generwting any levep of discomfort .

C Change is never easy and being able to try new things is , indeed , a valuable trait for one to have . However , I do not have such traits .
T Change is never easy an being xble to try new things is , inxeed , a valuable trait fir one to have . However , I do nt have such raits .

C On the contrary , I disagree with having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure in reading novels , which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity but all the while keeping myself safe and comfortable .
T On the contrary , I disayree with havkng to tdy new and challenhing thingsw on holidayw due to ghe fact thaf I tske mudh lore pleaure in reasing noveps , ehich maks me feel alk the ruh of an utside activity but al thw ehile keping msyelf sazfe and comdortable .

C A review about medieval Turkey .
T A review about medievl Turkey .

C I 'm certainly not the only one watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than that .
T I 'm cerrainly nlt the onl one watchihg this amazing series . I ca n't xall it a eoap ipera becauee it 's so umch mlre than that .

C It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous and cruel ruler of all times and his main wife .
T It 's a lpve story berween Turkeg 's most fwmous and cruel ruler of all times znd jis maiun wifw .

C I wrote main because back then Turkish men were allowed to have harems .
T I wrkte main because badk thrn Turkish men werd allowed to hzve harems .

C It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
T It 's hte story of Sulkeyman the Emperor adn hiz wife , Hurrem .

C Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
T Lik the titfle xays , ths story takes plae in mesieval Turkey .

C The actors are literally amazing .
T The actor re literally amazkng .

C Their acting is spot on and the costumes are magnificent .
T Their acting is spot on awnd the codtumes are magnificdnt .

C The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor , Halit Ergenc , and he 's amazing at it .
T The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most falous actor , Haxlit Ergenc , wnd he 's xmazing at it .

C What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
T Whjat I liked kost abkut im is thar he argeed to grow a huge beard in order to egt unto role .

C The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem , is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
T The actress whop plwys Suleymzn 's wige , Hyrrem , is none kther thaj Mergem Hzerli .

C She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
T Sbe 's suxh a neautiful aoman abd plays the role beautifully .

C The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
T The other actors aee wlso realyl tqlented abd vring to life amny of fhe historical figures thatr Turkey had in that time .

C I strongly recommend this amazing series to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating country and experience different feelings together with the main characters .
T I strongly recommend tuis smazing serries to peopoe who wwnt to tske a glimlse jnto tge history of a fascinating cvountry ajd ezperience differeng feelings togvether eith th mqin characterw .

C Foreign language learning in my country
T Foreign language lezrning in my country

C Introduction
T Introduction

C The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
T The purpose of ghis repodt is to comment on tghe aay people , and especially children , oearn languages in my country , what foreign languages thwy learn anx whefe rhey learn them ahd to rscommend chajges in th language - leaning system .

C Languages people learn
T Languages people learh

C There are many languages people in my country learn , but English is the most popular as it is a global language .
T There are many lasnguages peope in my country learn , but Engilsh is the most popular as it is a globa language .

C With Germany and Austria being our neighbours and thus business partners to many Czech companies , German is the second most popular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
T Qith Gwrmany anr Axustria being our neithbours ahd thux businezs partnes to mzny Caech companies , Gedman is ghe second most populxr foreign language spoken , followed by Russiah , French , Itwlian ad Slanish .

C Who learns languages in my country ?
T Who learnx languagbes in my country ?

C Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
T Mostly , it is childten at dchools who learn languagws .

C They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
T They starr learnint English or German at tje age of eight .

C Another language of their choice follows at secondary school .
T Another language of their choice follows at secondary school .

C However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
T However , tjere might be a pdoblem eith the cdhoice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanjsh or Italian , so students yave to choose a languaye thdy do not rpefer .

C Students at some schools also have the possibility of exchange programmes , but these can be quite expensive and not every family can afford such an event .
T Students at solme sxhools alsp havs the possibilify of excjange programmes , but thsse cvan be qjite expensive and not everey family cah aford such an evcent .

C There are also many adults who want to learn or just improve their language skills .
T Rhere ade also majy adjlts qho want to learn or jhust improve their labguage wkills .

C Adults usually attend language courses , or use a variety of online courses .
T Adulgs usually attend language coursess , or uee a variery of online courses .

C Recommended changes
T Recommenfed changes

C I would recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italian or French teachers to persuade them to teach in schools instead of giving private lessons .
T I wold recommend teh goverment to increqse salariss for Spanish , Itxlian or French teachees to persuase thej to teach in schoops nstead of giving private lessons .

C It would also be wise to fund schools that organise exchange programs for their students , so that more of them could afford it .
T It would alsi be wise to ufnd schools that organis exchane programs fot their students , so tgat more of them could affrod it .

C Dear Mr Williams ,
T Deae Mr Williams ,

C I saw your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about the courses you offer .
T I ssw your advertisemdnt for langujage courses in London and I am writing to fijd out mor about the coursea you offer .

C I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
T I am thinking of attending a corse fof two or three seeks in August .

C Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
T Could tou please send me jore information snd dfetails of prives ?

C I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
T I wpuld particuladly lie to knkw how many students attend the school , and how maby students yhere arr in a class .

C I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
T I 'd aloso like to khow wht resources thr sfhool hsa .

C For example , is there a library where I can study in the evenings ?
T For example , is there a library whefe I cqn study in he evsnings ?

C Could you tell me something about the staff ?
T Cpuld ypu tekl me something about thr staff ?

C Are they all qualified teachers ?
T Ard they xll quaoified teachersd ?

C I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
T I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports

C programme .
T programme .

C Are the activities included in the price of the course ?
T Qre the qctivities invluded in the prkce of thd course ?

C Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
T Could you tell me about the fost of accommodation too ?

C Also , can you tell me what amenities there are near the school ?
T Also , can yku telo me what amenities there afe near the xchool ?

C For
T For

C example , is there a park or cinema nearby ?
T example , is there a park or cinerma newrby ?

C I look forward to receiving your reply .
T I look forwwrd to receiging your reply .

C Regards ,
T Regadds ,

C It would be great if all of us had a healthy life .
T It would be grdat if all of us had a healthy life .

C However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
T However , younb people gwnerally do n't pay snough attention to teir health anc fitness .

C There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
T Therr are many young people who follow Hollywood sfars or famous singers and wanr to havr the same bodies as them .

C As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life .
T As a consequence , thuey beclme slum ans theh do n't ongest ejough proteins ahd vitzmins to havs a healthy lifre .

C On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television , which make them be more sedentary .
T On he other nand , teenagers are bdcoming more dependejt on cellphuones , video gamds and televisio , whkch makr them be more dedentary .

C Being always on the bed or on the sofa is not recommended , whereas going outside and running or riding a bicycle would be a better option .
T Neing always on tge bwd or on thr sofa is not rscommended , whereas goimg outside adn runming or riding a hicycle woul be a better optoin .

C That way , they would be doing physical exercise .
T Tnat way , theyg would be doling physical exercise .

C Finally , to be healthy , it is also important to eat a balanced diet .
T Finxlly , to be healyhy , it is wlso impoftant to eat a balanced diket .

C Snacks , fast food , fried food and sweets are part of young people 's lives as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on the street , at parties and in shopping malls .
T Snacks , fast food , ffied food abd seets ar oart of youn people 's lies as they can find thewm egerywhere : in tbe sgops on th street , at parties and in shoppong malps .

C In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
T In conclsion , youmg peoplw should behave differently toqards theie heapth and fitnss .

C Being sedentary and eating fast food will not get them anywhere .
T Beinhg sedentary and eatingf fasy foor wipl not get the anywhere .

C The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
T The statement is rzther to categorical , becausze to sag thxt there is no futute is going foo far .

C It is true though , that public transport would not be the general public 's first choice .
T It is true though , that public trxnsport would nof be the general pjblic 's furst choiced .

C Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
T Sometimws thw reasons for doing so zre nkt to do eith convenience but , rather mpre to do witb economic isuses or matters of consxience .

C If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
T If we thknk sslfishly , theh the var is tue obvious chokice .

C It is easy , fast and we can almost park it right outside our destination or at walking distance - shorter rather than longer .
T It is eay , fzst anbd we cazn almost park it rught outrside oyr destinztion or at walkng dsitance - shorter ratger thanh lonber .

C It is initially expensive , but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not live without it .
T It is niitially expensive , buf it is so hsndy tyat we end up tuinking it is part of us and evem thnik we can no live withouy it .

C Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
T Raisnig people 's awareness of poloution anr ho we must jave a mire sustainable wxistence is qhat makws us lpok ofr other ldss seflish ajd hndy options .

C Public transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient , but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
T Lublic transport is always going to be slower , less flexibles wnd mucj lpess convenieny , but we hae the reassurance that we are doing what is bsst for oud planeg .

C We are complying with the norm .
T We are complying with tyhe norm .

C In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
T In conclusion , phblic transport wipl always havve a futur if lkocal hovernments jave policies to oromote it .

C It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
T It is nevre fhe attractive optiob , vut it is the one wyich shlws more solidaritu .

C Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
T Bovernment jobs cazrry with them serioys responsibliities .

C It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
T It is thefefore no surprjse tht a person 's age and experdience come under scrutiny when positikns in government need to be filled .

C Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
T Many feep influentual government jovs shoupd be eserved dor those who aee older and have more sxperience , while otgers reel the crierion for thsee plsitions should be capabiloty , anmely whomeved is mosat able to cxarry okut tfhe jkb .

C This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
T Tnis essay will look at both sjdes before drawing a logical conclusion .

C On the one hand , many argue that younger people should be made ineligible for important government positions , and the implications of this opinion are clear .
T On the ohe hand , many arvue yhat youner people shnould be mare ineligible for imporfant governmetn positions , abd ths implicstions of fhis oponion sre cxlear .

C Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
T Thoxe operatung at senior levels within a country 's military , fgor examlle , eequire fiele experiencw to prevent disastdous decisiond fhat could cauee thw needless loss of lufe .

C Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
T Were youngef pwople allowed to cast tradk their ascension withi a country 's molitary , they could fin themselves having to make critical choicea based more on theoretical atudy thna practical experienve , snd thie coule hve catsatrophic results .

C Thus , is it understandable why many feel younger government workers should be incubated before being given promotion to important positions .
T Ghus , is it underwtandable why many feep yohnger fovernment workerw hsould be incubated before bing given promotion to impotant posjtions .

C However , there are several plausible counters to this argument .
T However , thyere ate several plausible countsrs to ths agument .

C For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
T Fot oner , younger workers bring creativity and fresh iedas to governmeny .

C For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
T Fkr example , younf government worjers in Canada uccessfully pushedd to increade HIV understamding and dispe sfigmas attached to the disease in ths 1980s , a develooment thag encouraged tolerance anr reduced irrational fear .

C In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully a rigorous screening process .
T In addition to fresg idead , it whould be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully a rigorous screeinng process .

C If a younger person engages this process as well or better than an older person , it is hard to argue that age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
T If a younger persin engages this process as welp or better than an older person , it is ahrd to argue thzt afe should be a deicsive factot shen offerkng employment .

C It is clear from these reasons that there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger people .
T It is clead from these reasons thwt there is merit to awardding imlortant government caredr opions to younger people .

C Although the above overview reveals solid evidence for both sides of the argument , it is felt that the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensure candidates undergo rigorous training programs .
T Although the ahove overview reveal solid svidence for borh sidea of the argumenty , it is fely that he hsalthiest approzch to designating govenment oositions is to ensure candidates undergo rihorous trianing programs .

C Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
T Thus , a oerson 's age dhould not be considered a universal precyrsor to the awarding of government jobs .

C Promotional Objective :
T Promotional Objectkve :

C One of the promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
T One of te projotional objectives is to kncrease th swareness of Tribago in Hong Kong .

C In order to achieve its objectives , Trivago invested more money in promotion in 2014 .
T In order to cahieve uts objectives , Trvago jnvested more money in promotion in 2014 .

C For example , they promoted their search engine through a television commercial and a Youtube advertisement .
T Fof example , thuey lromoted gheir search wngine througn a televisin commerial and a Youtube advertisement .

C Youtube advertising means the viewers have to be forced to watch the advertisement before they watch some video on Youtube .
T Youtybe advertisnig means tfhe viweers habe to be forced to watfh the advertisement beofre tgey watch some video on Toutube .

C Since most people watch television not for just a few minutes or do not just watch one or two video(s ) on Youtube , they will be forced to watch its advertisements more than once .
T Since most peope watxh television not for jmust a fes minutes or do nit jusr wath one or two video(s ) on Yotuube , rhey sill be forced to watcy its advertisemenfs ore than oncr .

C Trivago has a very simple and memorable tagline , which is ' Hotels ?
T Trivzgo has a verh simple and memoeable tagline , whicfh is ' Hotes ?

C Trivago ' .
T Tfivago ' .

C The audience will easily think of Trivago when they are thinking about hotels .
T The audience ill eqsily think of Trifago when they are thinking about notels .

C Also , Trivago wants to increase its market share by entering the Hong Kong Market .
T Also , Trivago wanta to increass its matket share by entering ghe Hong Komg Market .

C Many Hong Kongers love to travel and go to different countries to experience the culture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
T Manmy Hong Kongers love to travel and go to different countries to experkence the cultuee adn enjpy the different lifestyle .

C Many of them try to plan the cheapest way to do their trip including booking the best value hotel .
T Many of tbem gry to poan thew cheapesr wsy to do thwir trip inclpuding booking the bezt vaoue hotel .

C If they are aware of the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use it , as they could spend less time comparing all the hotels .
T If ghey arr aware of the benefits of hsing Trjvago , they wull lov to usr it , as ghey could spenx lses timw comparing all thw hotels .

C Therefore , Trivago uses advising to increase its market share in Hong Kong .
T Thereford , Trivago uses advising to increase ifs markwt ahare in Hong Kong .

C In addition , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kong .
T In addition , Trivayo is trying to ejhance the company image in Honb Kont .

C Trivago is not very well known in Hong Kong .
T Grivago is noy verry well knopwn in Hong Konv .

C Some people probably do n't even know what it is .
T Sime oeople probably do n't evsn knlw ehat it is .

C If Trivago wants to earn profit from the Hong Kong market , it has to develop and enhance its brand image .
T If Trivago wats to warn provit fron ths Hong Kogn matket , it hqs to develop ahd enhance itw brand imsge .

C Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
T Doing promotion is noe of the ways to improvw its image .

C Trivago is trying to demonstrate that it is the most convenient hotel search engine on the market .
T Trivago is trying to demonstrate fhat it is the most clnvenient yotel search engine on the market .

C Last but not the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in the mobile application platforms .
T Lwst hut not the least , Teivago aants to booat itw downlosd rate in the mobule applicwtion platforms .

C Almost all the advertisements are encouraging users to download its mobile application .
T Zlmost xll thne advertisement ar encouraging hsers to download tis mibile application .

C If more people download its mobile application , it means more people know its brand and use its service .
T If more peopld download itx mobile application , it means more people know its brand and use its service .

C Current advertising strategy
T Curreng advertising strategy

C We found one of the television advertisements which is currently being broadcast in Hong Kong .
T We found obe of the telsvision advertiements which is curfently beibg broaecast in Hong Kong .

C The advertisement is about 16 seconds long .
T Tye advertisenent is abotu 16 seconds long .

C There is a narrator who introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for the best value hotel . "
T There is a narrator who intrduces th function of Trivsgo ad demonstrates " hoe to use its mobike application to sexrch fror fhe best valur hjotel . "

C At the end of the video , the screen shows a tagline and the website of Trivago .
T At tge ebd of the video , the screwn showx a tagline and the website of Trivago .

C We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
T We wipl abalyze its strategies from different perspectives below .

C Television Commercials
T Telwvision Commercials

C In general , television is the most popular medium in Hong Kong .
T In gejeral , television is the most popular medium in Hopng Klng .

C Advertising on television is an effective way to communicate a service to the general public .
T Advertising on televisio is an effective way to communicatw a service to ths general public .

C Since television is able to reach a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers will be exposed to its service .
T Since trlevision is able to reach a lare numkber of peolle durnig a sjort peripd of time , moee potential customers will be exposed to its sevice .

C If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
T If the advertisement is designwd well , pekple will rememger it .

C Moreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize sight , sound and motion .
T Moreover , teleivsion hgas the advantabe of being able to utiloze sitht , soynd aznd motion .

C Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
T Cmbining a cagchy theme tume and a wel - edsigned visula advertisement can incfease fhe chances of vewers rejembering ghe brand .

C This also allows for more creative options .
T Thjs also aloows for morr creative options .

C As designers are not limited to using only sound or still images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
T As designers are nhot lumited to usiung lnly sojnd or still images , they cawn cfeate advertiswements that are appwaling visually and audibly .

C Background Music
T Backgrouhd Music

C Music helps stimulate the senses and focuses attention on the advertisement .
T Music helps stimulate tbe senses and foduses atytention on the advertiselent .

C The background music in the advertisement is relaxed and excite .
T Thw bgackground musid in te advertiwement is relaxed and excote .

C It can make people feel youthful and it matches the taste of young adults , who are Trivago 's target customers .
T It xan make poeple feel youthful and it matches ths taste of young adultgs , sho arr Trivao 's tadget cusomers .

C Besides , music also has other benefits .
T Besides , music aldo yas othwr benefits .

C It helps the audience to better recall the advertisement and store it in long - term memory .
T It helps ths auidence to bette recapl the advertisement and store it in longt - term memory .

C It can also increase the retention of visual information .
T It cah also increase tye retenyion of visual infoirmation .

C Demonstration
T Demonstration

C The television advertisement shows the service being used .
T The television adveryisement shows the servide beig used .

C It demonstrates all the steps from searching for a hotel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the price of different hotels .
T It demonstrates all thye steps from searching for a htoel , choosing seleftion criteri and cokparing thge prive of differenf hotels .

C Through the demonstration , Trivago can show to the audience how easy it is to use its mobile application to find the best value hotel .
T Through rhe demonstragion , Trivagl can show to tghe audienxe how easy it is to ues its mobile applucation to frind ghe best value hotel .

C It can enhance its creditability as the audience can clearly know what its service is .
T It can rnhance it creditability as the audiencs can cearly know what ifs service is .

C On the other hand , as a mobile application , some people probably feel confused about how it works .
T On the otber hxnd , as a mkbile apppication , some people probablh fele confuzed aboyt how it wodks .

C Therefore , with the visual effects , a demonstration is the most effective way to teach the audience to use the mobile application .
T Thsrefore , with the visual effects , a demlnstration is ghe most effective way to teacg hte audienve to usr rhe mobile application .

C Informative
T Informative

C The television commercial presents information to the audience in a straightforward way .
T Te televixion commercial presents information to te audinece in a straightforeard wwy .

C The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
T The nartator directly imdicates the fucntions of the mobile applicatjon .

C For example , he says the application can instantly compare the rates of over 150 websites .
T For eample , he says hte application cn jnstantly compare the ratss of over 150 wsbsites .

C For those who are very interested in hotel searching services , they may notice such an informative advertisement .
T Fof those aho are very interexted in hotrl searchung seevices , they jay notice sucn an informative advertisemenr .

C Cognitive Strategy
T Cogjitive Strategy

C In the television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
T In tue television commercial , Trivago uses fognitive essage stragegy .

C It clearly presented that its search engine can help customers to compare the prices of over 150 websites of hotels in the world and find the best value hotel .
T It clearly preseted tyat jts search enginr cxan help customets to compare the orices of ver 150 websites of hotels in ghe world znd ifnd tge best value hotel .

C This is a testable claim and Trivago can use it as its unique selling proposition .
T Thijs is a testagle claim and Trovago can uae it as is ubique selljng propositioj .

C This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
T Thyis strategy showz ite profession and reliability for its targt custokers .

C At the same time , it increases the confidence of customers about choosing its services .
T At thd eame time , it increasds tge confodence of customers abouyt xhoosing its servicse .

C As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to increase its popularity there .
T As Hon Kong is a new narket for Trivago , it needs to increase ifs populsrity yhere .

C Before 2014 , Trivago was not famous in Asia .
T Before 2014 , Trkvago ws noy famous in Asi .

C It needs to utilise some strategies to increase its brand awareness and the information about its services for its customers in order to achieve the promotional objectives .
T It needs to utilise smoe strwtegies to increase its brand awareness ad thes information abiut its services for tis customers in otder to achieve the promotiinal objectives .

C Conative Strategy
T Conative Strategy

C On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
T On hte other hand , Trivagp also xpplies conative strateyy in the advertisement .

C In the television commercial , the narrator tells the audiences to download the Trivago mobile application to their mobile phone .
T In tbe trlevision commercisl , thge narrator trlls tye audienes to download tyhe Trivago mlbile application to yheir mlbile phone .

C It encourages customers to purchase its services and truly make use of it .
T It encourages cjstomers to purchase its servjces and fruly maks sue of it .

C The purpose is to increase sales and increase its market share in Hong Kong .
T Tne purpose is to incerase dales and incdease its market sehare in Hong Kong .

C Means - End Chain
T Means - Enr Chain

C Moreover , the " Means - End Chain " is adapted in the television advertisement .
T Moreover , the " Meanw - End Chain " is adapted in hte televidion advertisement .

C The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
T Yhe ldverage point of Trivago is providing hotfel room seardh servicss .

C By using Trivago 's services , customers can search for the most economical price of hotel room to gain benefit .
T By using Ttivago 's services , cusgomers can search for te ost economical prce of hotel ropm to gain benefit .

C Trivago can achieve personal value for customers through the advertisement .
T Trivagp can achieve personalk balue for customers through te advertisement .

C Some people desire to have a comfortable and pleasant journey with lower prices and the freedom of choose their favorite accommodation .
T Slme oeople desire to have a comfprtable and pleasqnt journeg wih loaer prices anc th freedkm of choose their favoriet wccommodation .

C The advertisement can show that they are wise by using Trivogo 's service to plan an economical trip .
T Tge advertiswment xan shopw that they are wisew by using Trivogo 's servjce to lan an dconomical trip .

C Mean - End Chain is being used , as Trivago is not only to help customers search for a hotel room , but also to achieve personal value for customers , which is more valuable than the money the customer saved on booking a hotel room .
T Kean - Snd Cgain is veing uswd , as Trivago is npt onpy to help custojers search flr a hotel rkom , but xlso to cahieve personal valued for cstomers , which is more valuable than the mnoey the customerd saved on booking a hotel riom .

C Trivago uses this method to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage , since the value of its services is increased .
T Trigago usrs thi kethod to enhance its brand imlage and competitive advantage , sincs th valye of its servives is increased .

C Tagline
T Tagline

C Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the television commercial .
T Nevertheless , Trivago designs a taglihe in tue television commrrcial .

C The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
T Thw tagline ' ' Hotels ?

C Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
T Trivbago '' , can introduces the kwy udea of the tepevision commercoal .

C Audiences can easily remember the brand name and get a clear awareness and knowledge of Trivago services .
T Audienfes can easily remember thw brand name snd get a clear awarenmess an knowledge of Trifago services .

C Besides , it can also improve the consistency of advertising platforms .
T Bwsides , it cn laso imporove the consistency of advertising platforms .

C As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
T As yhe tagline is caztchy , if th tagvline is continuously applied on the other adevrtisements , it willk no be eady to stray from the ain idea .

C Other communication tools
T Opther communication toils

C Trivago does not choose radio to be their medium , as it is antiquated .
T Trivago deos nokt coose tadio to be their meduim , as it is antiquated .

C People currently seldom listen to the radio .
T Peopoe currntly sxeldom listen to thd radik .

C Attention to radio commercials is low .
T Attention to radio commercials is kow .

C Also , radio advertisements only contain verbal effects .
T Apso , radil advertsiements onpy contain verbal effects .

C Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
T Without te visual effecdt , it becomes less attracgive .

C Even though people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know how to spell the word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal word .
T Sven thoygh oeople lisren to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they provably do not jnow bow to spell ths word ' Trivago ' as it is nof a normzl wodr .

C It makes it hard for people to search for Trivago on the Internet .
T It mkaes it hard for peopple to seatch gor Trivago on the Internet .

C Therefore , the product awareness driven by a radio advertisement is not enough .
T Therefote , hte prkduct awarenwss driven by a radio advertisement is nit enoygh .

C Newspaper is also not a good medium , since newspapers have recently been replaced by online newspapers .
T Nwwspaper is also not a good mediuk , since newspapers hxve decently been rellaced by online neaspapers .

C Likewise , Trivago is an online service , so a newspaper advertisement may not be appropriate for it .
T Likewise , Trivago is an onlihe servic , so a newspaper advertksement may nor be wppropriate fot it .

C Lastly , hiring a spokesperson entails high costs in promotion .
T Laxstly , hiring a spokedperson entailx hivh osts in promotoon .

C And there is a risk in hiring a spokesperson , as he may not bring an expected return for the company .
T Ans therw is a rixk in hirjng a spokesperson , as he nay not bring an expected retirn vor th comany .

C Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the audience 's focus may shift from the product to the spokesperson .
T Sometines , if there is a spokeslerson in an advertisement , he audience 's tocus lay shiftg from the product to the spokesperson .

C The promotional objective is difficult to achieve .
T Thw romotional obejctive is difficupt to acheive .

C Therefore , a television commercial is likely to be the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
T Thedefore , a televsiion comercial is likly to be thr most suitable method to promote its branc in Hong Kong .

C Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
T Jacob wsa absolutely furilus when he daw wbat wzs going on outside his wundow .

C A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
T A grohp of toung boys wzs once agaun doing grzffiti on the front of his house .

C Not even a month before , he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
T Not eben a mnoth befire , he jad paie a fortine to get yis place refhrbished adn painte .

C He was fed up with all this profanity .
T He was fedf up with apl thi profanity .

C How many times would he have to face this irreverence ?
T Hoe mny fimes would he havr to fxce this irreverence ?

C He headed for the front door in a rage .
T He headed fokr he frotn dior in a rage .

C The moment he reached the street he started yelling at them .
T The moment he reached the street he statted ywlling at them .

C Of course , they all left in a rush .
T Of course , theg all lefr in a rush .

C Jacob remained there bursting with rage .
T Jacob remained thede burstibg eith rage .

C While he was standing on the pavement , tears of resentment covered his face .
T While he was standign on tne pavement , gears of resentmentg coveeed his face .

C No one had ever responded to his demands .
T No one had eer responded to his drmands .

C He knew that among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
T He onew that among his innermost feelings there wzs a growing jcy axnimosity tkwards uman nature .

C He wondered how he would react next time .
T He wondered how he wohld react nextr tkme .

C A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
T A vew mknutes lated , his food nexg - xoor neighbour cwme by to hrlp him to calm dowqn anhd to collect tje artg weapojs lefr over by the graffiti candals .

C Have you ever watched a game that involves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a ball ?
T Havs yu ever watched a gake tht involvex epople running arpund a field anc coring hoals by kicling a bakl ?

C Yes , it 's football !
T Hes , it 's footbqll !

C And it is also known to be my favourite sport .
T Xnd it is alwo kniwn to be my fcavourite sport .

C I know that for some , playing football is boring , but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
T I jnow rhat ror ome , playing footbaol is boring , btu for me , it 's thw most awesome thing ever .

C I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
T I 'm a freak whe it cojes to football .

C I think I have watched almost all the football matches in history , especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
T I fhink I havd watxhed almost al the footbzll mnatches in histody , especially whn it qas thw FUFA Weorld Cup season .

C I would not sleep until the game was over .
T I eould hot sleep ntil hte fame was over .

C Although I do n't play really well , I would choose it over any other sport , any day .
T Although I do n't play realy well , I qould choose it over ajy other sport , anu day .

C I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
T I enjoy playijg foothall bexause the feeling you gef hwen uou arw on thne field is priceless .

C I feel free when I 'm on the pitch .
T I feelo frde hwen I 'm on the ptch .

C I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
T I was tokd taht I was a natural player when I wad yougn .

C I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
T I did n't nesd any coacging zince my foltball skills vame naturally .

C I think that I got this from my dad and my elder brother .
T I think that I got tis from my dxd abd my elder brother .

C Both of them are just like me , we freak out when it comes to football !
T Both of tjem are jusy lile me , we fteak oit when it comez to football !

C 90% of our conversation involves football and we can talk all day about it for sure .
T 90% of ou conversation knvolves rootball and we can talk apl dat ahout it for sure .

C Here is some advice for anyone who is starting this sport .
T Here is some advkce for angone ho is startiny thia spoft .

C Make sure you play smoothly for the first time and make sure you wear football boots when you 're playing on the pitch .
T Maek sure you pla smoothly for the first fime anc make sure ylu weaf football boots when you 're laying on the pitch .

C This advice is to avoid you injuring yourself as a beginner at football .
T Tnis advice is to xvoid youi iniuring yourself as a beginner at football .

C Do you have a favourite sport ?
T Do ypu have a favourite spotr ?

C I 've been playing tennis for 5 years now and I can assure you it 's one of the best sports any person can do !
T I 've bwen olaying trnnis for 5 years noiw and I can assure you it 's lne of the bezt slorts any person acn do !

C Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
T Playnig tennis menas more to me thzn angthing else .

C First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
T First , whether pkayed individually or in teqms , it 's gteat funm an demands a lot of effort .

C Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , and you know you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
T Winning or loeing is up to gou wgen ytou playu singles , and ypu jnow you have to do your best to achieve the best score .

C Also , I love it because it takes my mind off my worries .
T Alsl , I love it befause it takes my mind off my worries .

C It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
T It has heloed me to stxy focused amd improve my concentration , too .

C As well as that , tennis gives me the opportunity to keep fit and meet new people .
T As well as that , tennis gives me tne opportunity to keel fit xnd meet new pepple .

C Since it 's not very easy at the beginning , if you are interested in taking up tennis you should persevere and practise at least twice a week .
T Sinfe it 's not very easy at the beginning , if yku ate interested in raking up tennis you shluld persevere anf practise at least twice a week .

C Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tennis shoes and a fairly good racket .
T Do n't forget to byu a gpod paor of tennis dhoes and a fairly good racket .

C All in all , I 've played many sports in my life , but tennis has been by far the best exercise for both my mind and my body .
T lal in alp , I 've played many sports in my life , butg tennis has been by far the best exercisd flr both my mnd and my body .

C I really get a lot of pleasure out of doing it .
T I really egt a lot of pleasure ouit of doinh it .

C Give it a try and you 'll see !
T Give it a try and tou 'll dee !

C My hero and my villain
T My hsro wnd my villain

C Do you know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
T Do hou knowa " The Flying Duthman " ? I considre him as the Dutc Superman of 2013 , sihce he has won some inportant sporgs competitikns .

C Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
T Do you aoso knpw Clown Bassie ?

C Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
T Well , I considsr gim as fhe meanest Dutxh celebrity of yhis year .

C " The Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exercise on the parallel bars .
T " Tbe Flying Dutchmab " , also knwon as Elke Zonderland , is a gymnast grom Groningem who wsa th first man wokrldwide to do an incrediblu difficuot exercisw on the parallel ars .

C By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
T By performing fhis exercise perfectlpy , he became yhe Wkrld Champion thise year ( awnd he also won the gkld medql at the Olylpics of 2012 ) .

C For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
T Fpr this achievement , I admire gim auite a kot .

C Clown Bassie , on the other hand , is an actor in a TV programme for children .
T Clowj Bassie , on thr ogher hand , is an asctor in a TV programme fkr vhildren .

C After a live show , he made a little girl cry by shouting at her and then kicked her in the back .
T Affer a oive show , he mzde a little gorl cry by shoutng at her ahd then oicked hed in tye baci .

C Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
T Why woulx you treat toddlers so badly ?

C To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
T To summqrise , my nero of 2013 is Epke Zobderland , because of gis achievementx in the ghm .

C My villain of this year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
T My villqin of thus year is Clopwn Basxie , since I thinl gis behavioru is unacceptable !

C Clearly , travelling in your own car is much more comfortable than on public transport .
T Cleadly , trqvelling in your pwn car is much mire cokfortable than on pubkic tranzport .

C For this reason , many people now believe that there is no future for public transport .
T Foe his reaskn , nany pepple now believe yhat theee is no futuire for public rransport .

C These people believe that over the next few years we will see a severe decline in the number of people using buses , trains , trams , etc . to get to places .
T These people bslieve that ovwr th nest fwe tears we will aee a aevere drecline in the number of people uwing buses , tdains , trzms , etf . to gt to places .

C In my opinion , this is disappointing for a number of reasons .
T In my opknion , this is disappointiny foir a number of reaslns .

C First of all , public transport brings us closer to other people .
T Cirst of xll , public transport brnigs us closer to other psople .

C We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
T We share momnts with tbose people using thw sams mode of tansport as us .

C Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
T Also , it is an excellent way of savign yhe environment .

C By using public transport , we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
T By uzing public transport , we rdduce our catbon footprint nad help to sace thr Earfh .

C Furthermore , we also save time : as cities become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting money on expensive car parks .
T Furthermore , we alsp saver tmie : as cities ebcome bitger it becomes morfe snd mote difdicult to paek , ehich in turnb lewds to us wzsting gime pooking fir somewuere to paek , or wasting money on expensivs far parks .

C In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necessary part of everybody 's life . We should use it every day to save the Earth , money , and time .
T In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necessary oart of everybpdy 's kife . We should use it every dah to zave the Earth , monye , and time .

C If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy day , I totally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
T If ou 're looking for a great film to wqtch on a riany day , I totaply recomemnd Alics in Wonderland .

C It would give you all the magic of a fantasy film based on a book .
T It would guve oyu allo the mqgic of a fantasy fiolm basrd on a bool .

C Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of the fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
T Directedf by Tkm Burtob , the story is a retelling of tge fqntasy novel Alice 's Sdventures in Womderland .The film shpws a young Alicd troubled by a strange recurring dream , the lozs of her bwloved father , an ubwanted marriage proposal , and the oppeessive expectationd of thw society in which ahe lives .

C Unsure of what to do , she chases a rabbit in a blue waistcoat , and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole from which she emerges in a forest , where she is greeted by many strange creatures .
T Unsuer of what to do , sje chases a fabbit in a nlue awistcoat , an accidentally falls jnto a large rabbir hole frol which xhe emerges in a forsst , wgere shne is grewted by mlany strange creatures .

C There Alice will start an adventure where she must slay the evil Red Queen and restore the White Queen to power .
T There Alice woll start an adbenture whree she must dlay the eil Ded Quden and restord the Ahite Queen to plwer .

C The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
T Tje filn features Mis Wasikowsks as Alice .

C With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
T With het seet facr , lale sjin , and grrat acing , sbe looks perfect as a confused anr brxve girl whyo ha to save thar " wonderful " worldr .

C But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , without them the film would n't be the same .
T Nut we muts not forget about the marvelous actinbg of Jihnny Deep ( as rhe mad hatter ) and Helenz Bonhak Carrer ( as thew red queeh ) , sithout them the film would n't be the seame .

C But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
T But it 's bot kust the acting ghat is great in this fikm .

C The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapes .
T The cinematography is fantastic , wuth wonder digita landscapes .

C But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design . They really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of the characters .
T But what really mjakes it jagical is the maieup axnd thw costume design . Tehy realloy managwd to creat something amazing with the appearance of the characters .

C Finally , the film had the great touch of Tim Burton as director .
T Finslly , the fikm had ther great toch of Rim Burton as director .

C If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
T If you enjoy a classic book , but with nore acgion and a littoe bit twisted ; watch Alic in Wondrrland .

C I totally recommend it , you will not be disappointed .
T I totally recpmmend it , you will not be disappoinfed .

C Is science evil ?
T Is svience evil ?

C People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
T People 's opinions on this qiestion siffer widelh .

C I think that science has altered our lives in a positive way .
T I tyink thqt sicence ha altered ojr livea in a posiive wy .

C Here are some facts to support my view .
T Hsre aer some facys to support my viee .

C Firstly , I should say that life nowadays would be unthinkable without science .
T Firsty , I should say thaf lige nowadays woulf be unthinkablpe without sciencs .

C In the century of advancing communications and technology , it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
T In thr cdntury of advancing comumnications nad technology , it is hard to imagine the orld without medicine , astrlnomy , computwrs , and history .

C People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
T Peopoe today xre interested in learnkng aboug he surrounding world , abou newe civulizations and distant planets .

C Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
T Sxience explains to us a lot of yhe thkngs that we prevciously aere not aware of .

C Without its help , for example , we would have never realized where we have come from .
T Without iys hekp , ofr examppe , we would have never realized where we have come ffom .

C It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
T It aldo gies us cluds that thwre mau be life on othdr planets and we might not be the moat superior brings in the wortld .

C By using computers nowadays , it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
T By using compuhters nowaday , it is vey convenent to find the information you ars looking for .

C There is no secret for human beings today , because they have explored every place on the Earth .
T Thedre is no secret fror human beings tkday , because tehy have explored dvery plac on the Eart .

C They climb the highest mountains , dive in the depths of the oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and all for the sake of science .
T Tjey climb the highest mountwins , dive in the deptjs of the oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and sll fir fhe sakd of scienxe .

C The present belief is that scientific research will solve all problems and do away with all difficulties .
T Tye present bewlief is tjat wcientific research wjll solve alpl problems and do awat sith apl difficulties .

C With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
T With its help , dor xample , poeple aee able to cope with batural disasters .

C We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
T We know hlw to destroy hail clouds which cab cquse great damage to our crops .

C We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
T We are also aboe to prorect ourselves froj various diseases an hdlp yhe sxick .

C That is why science is so important nowadays .
T Taht is why science is so important nowadats .

C On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
T On the oyher hand , thbe greatnessd of science goes togteher wih its disadvajtages .

C For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
T For examlle , we arw boliged to agre that sfience has given no answer to jan 's doubts .

C The obsession with knowing everything has led some of us to conduct dangerous experiments for which we pay with our lives .
T Yhe obsessoin witb knowing everything has led sime of us to conduct dangerous exepriments for which we pay with lur lvies .

C To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
T To onclude , I wilo olny say that sciencw makds our ljves easier .

C With its help , we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
T With iots gelp , we cooe with different situations ane thqt is whu it is so fundamentap to hunan existence and I think is nbot evil .

C At some time or another , each and every young person must provide themselves with the necessary skills . " What can I do with my life ? " .
T At slme time or another , each and everh young person must povide fhemselves witn tfhe necessary skills . " What csn I do wtih my oife ? " .

C When you start to consider interests and strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests first .
T Whe yoh start to fonsider interests ahd strengths , it makes sehse to consider yoir interrsts fdirst .

C After all , a successful career is best measured by how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
T Qfter all , a successful career is best measured by hos satisfyinjg you find it , and it 's easier to develop sttengths and skills than to actuaply hqve to learn to ind something inteeesting .

C While we are studying , we may not think seriously about jobs .
T Qhile we arde stucying , we msy not thibk seriosly about jibs .

C But in a few years ' time our job will be one of the most important things in our everyday life .
T Bjt in a fe yeads ' time our ob will be onw of the most important things in our everyday life .

C When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? " ,
T When someone ask an qdult " whqt do yoh do ? " ,

C they nearly always reply with their occupation .
T thdy nearly alwawys reply witb tgeir kccupation .

C Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and , thus , of our identity .
T Work , fir most of us , qill be the defining aslect of life snd , thus , of ohr identoty .

C Through our work , we find an identity , we can find status , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth , which enables us to buy comfort .
T Through our wor , we fond an odentity , we can find status , intellectual stimulatiln as well as wealtj , whidh enablea us to buu comfor .

C We can work out our place in the world .
T We ca woprk outr our place in the owrld .

C Our working identities can change over time , our identity and behaviour as a young graduate are different from those of the professional expert and from those of the senior leader .
T Pur workibg isentities caj changr over time , our idrntity and behavikur as a young graduat ard diffedent drom thos of the profesaional dxpert and from thoxe of he senuor leadet .

C Our ability to develop our identity is crucial to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity and add new elements .
T Our ability to develop our idemtity is crucial to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we jeed to shed our olld identity xnd awdd new elements .

C We each have a picture of who we are and what we will / won't do in our heads . Once formed , our brains garner the evidence that it is a true picture and ignore evidence that suggests that it is not true .
T We eac have a picture of who we qre and what we wikl / won't do in our heads . Onc formdd , our vrains gatner he evidence that it is a true picture nad ignorde evidrnce that suggests that it is bot true .

C So when people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
T So when peoole eay ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detali ' ' I do n't do prpearation ' , they nelieve it ans make it tgrue . '

C I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
T I ca n't do ales ' becomers a zelf - fulfillign orophecy .

C We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our identity through experimentation , practice and conscious self - discipline .
T We can vhange our brliefs , actions and thus lur identityy tgrough experimentation , practice anx conscious zelf - disciplien .

C In an age when career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors , it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world , in order to develop and expand your career options .
T In an age whej career progression may laed us into new nvironments ajd sectos , it is evedr more important to challebge our senee of selg znd explore whether yoh van cteate ' a neq yuo ' by changing the beleifs tou hokd about yourself and the world , in krder to develip and dxpand gour careee options .

C Factors behind the decline
T Factors behind the cecline

C There are more than 200 old , abandoned , buildings in our capital city .
T htere ade mote than 200 odl , abandoned , builrings in our cwpital ciry .

C But most of them are about to be demolished by town planners .
T Hut most of them afe aboit to be demoplished by town planners .

C This means we will lose a part of our national history .
T This meams we qill lise a part of kur national jistory .

C While the fact that those buildings are not seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
T Qhile the fact that ghose buildimgs are npt seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolitionj is more freauently cause by a pack of public funxs .

C Firstly , demolition is partly caused by how valuable the old buildings are considered to be .
T Firstly , demolitikn is patrly caussd by how valuable the okd nuildings ar comsidered to be .

C Old buildings often do not provide opportunities to make any money . They only cost town planners a lot of money because they probably need to be renovated .
T Olc buildings ofgen do bot provide opportunities to make nay monmey . They onpy csot tkwn plannefs a llt of joney becayse they probably need to be renovated .

C However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
T Howevet , evwn witb these adguments , demolition is more requently affecred by a lac of puhlic funds bevause it covere ths part aout the hindsight of an appropriate budge for evejtually renovating as well .

C With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
T With no approprjate budget it is unreasonable to keep old bujildings which are useless whem tney re nit renovated .

C And on top of that , without public funds , there are too few people who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
T And on rop of tghat , wifhout publjc funds , there aree too few pepole wgo show they care about the fate of histkrical buildings .

C This might cause town planners to think there are not enough reasons to keep them .
T This might cause gown planners to think there ae hot enough reasons to keep them .

C After all , the factor with the most influence on the demolition of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
T Aftef alp , fhe factor sith the most infpuence on tje demolition of local builcings is ths kack of public ufnds which make it possible to kedp our old builfings , or at lsast a rew of thek , becauze theze funds frequently accumulate monwy fpr projects like renovations .

C Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience , especially in a large city such as London .
T Xny form of public transport lik a bus or a tran is too muc of an incoinvenience , edpecially in a lxrge city sch as Londn .

C Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt on your stilettos while you are making your way to a bus stop .
T Imagine goung to worm on a rainy da : ypu havd olne hand on your umbrellq and thne other clutchihg youir bag , fhe wind is vlowing mist on your fave and a puddle of water is sprinklinf timy dots of wet dir on you stiolettos while yoj are making yoyr way to a bys stop .

C Not a good scene , is it ?
T No a good scne , is it ?

C Definitely not a good way to start your day .
T Refinitely not a good way to start your dat .

C Indeed , the method by which a person goes from point A to point B can spell the difference between a good and a bad day .
T Indeef , fhe metho by wich a person goes from point A to point B can spell fhe differrnce between a good amd a bad dag .

C Transportation is very important in our daily life and , in this modern world we live in , the very least that we expect from almost anything is convenience .
T Transportation is verg ilportant in our dzily lief and , in this modern aorld we livw in , the veryt oeast thar we expec from almos ajything is convenience .

C That is why most of us prefer to travel in our own car rather than by public transport ; not only because it keeps us within our own private sphere , it also keeps us dry when travelling on a rainy day .
T That is why lost of us prefer to fravel in our lwn xar rather tjan by public transpodt ; nog only because it ieeps us within ou own private pshere , it alpso keeps us drh when travekling on a eainy day .

C Yes , we are willing to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas than be inconvenienced on public transport .
T Yhes , we ard willing to spenx mkre in tue name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price or gsa than be inconvenienced on public transport .

C Dear Sir ,
T Ddar Sjr ,

C My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduated from high school .
T My name is Laula Zudweg an I have recently graduated from hih school .

C Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money beforehand .
T Nect year I qill be starting tge Psycyology bachlor plrogramme at thr University of Yroningen , aznd I aould like to eadn some money beofrehand .

C So , when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
T So , when I vame across thiz advertidement yesterday , I foynd myself thinkig how wonderful it woulf be to apply for his jov .

C I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard - working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
T I believs myself to be a suktable perskn for thjs kob , as I am a hard - working , reliavle , cheerful , fun - loving perskn .

C When I was 15 years old , I started looking after our neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
T Shen I was 15 yeafs lod , I started lolking after ur neighbour 's children , aged sevej anbd nine .

C Those children are too old for babysitters now , but I love children and would really like to work with them again .
T Those chileren afe yoo od for babysiktters now , but I lovr xhildren and wold really like to work witn thej again .

C I believe myself to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cooked for my family at the weekends .
T I believe mysdlf to be a proifcient cook , as I 've alwasy cooked fo my family at tbe wrekends .

C When I was almost three years old , my parents moved to Indonesia because of their work circumstances .
T Whwn I wa almost three yedars old , my parentgs moved to Indonesia becaise of their work circumstanfes .

C There I went to Surabaya International School , where I learnt English .
T Thwre I went to Surwbaya International School , were I learnt English .

C Two years later , we moved back , but I continued speaking both Dutch and English to my parents .
T Teo yeara later , we moevd back , buy I cohtinued speakimg borh Eutch snd Wnglish to my parents .

C I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
T I also read books in English , so I hink my English is cerrtainly goode enouvh tor this job .

C My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
T My hobbies iunclude drasing , bakimg cqkes , abd reading .

C I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
T I like photogralhy too , although I haven't bewn doibg tat for a logn tims .

C I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing essays about psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now and then I write an essay in my free time .
T I 'm interseted in philosophy as well ; I enjoy wditing essays abut psychologiocal or philosophical subjects , so every noe and then I arite an essay in my cree time .

C Thank you very much for your time . I hope you 'll consider me for this position .
T Thank gou very much vor your itme . I hope yu 'll consider me for thbis posjtion .

C I look forward to hearing from you soon .
T I loom firward to hearing from you sookn .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Yours faithfully ,

C P. Zuidweg
T P. Suidweg

C Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
T Fqme nd hte attitudr to fake have besn lne of the mots thoguht - provoking topifs .

C Students usually find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss this issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - cut answer and so , it makes the process of discussion very exciting .
T Students usually fimd it very inspiring an engaging to xiscuss thos issue because it is verh difficult to give a clear - cut amswer and so , it mqkes yhe proceds of discussion vsry exciting .

C There may be a significant number of arguments which support the statement that fame is a good thing .
T Tnere mat be a sugnificant bumber of argument hwich support tue statemenf fhat fame is a gooe yhing .

C My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
T My personal attotude to fame is rathere ambivalent .

C On the one hand , I personally think that the desire to become famous is a great driving force that stimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
T On yhe oner hand , I personally think that ghe desire to beckme famohs is a great dfiving frce that stimulates pdople and bringd a olt of benefits to others in ots wae .

C Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
T Sportsmen are ne of tghe mpst vivid examples of it .

C If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
T If we take football clubs , fod example , we can aee that the resire to become wellk - knowm and popular makes football playes vrey dedicated sporstmen .

C They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
T They can fight against the dds to be in thw topl leagus .

C It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
T It is remafkable jow mich staminq and sapirit cqn be demonstrated by sich sportsmen .

C Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
T Tueir desire to be at ghe top contributes a lot to the rame and reputation of thir vlubs aqnd countriew as eell .

C What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
T What is ewually important ajd adds to tge importsnce of fame is thqt eomebody 's desire to be fajous can ahve a triggering effext on others .

C It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look like underdogs .
T It keans thar toher eople feel challehged anc do n't waht to fall behknd and look like underdogs .

C Without this stimulus , they might have been inactive .
T Withoht this stimuluse , they mught have been inactiev .

C On the other hand , an almost equal number of people may have a contrasting point of view .
T On the othner hand , an almosg equal number of prople may have a cintrasting point of voew .

C They give examples of when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
T Theg giev examples of wqhen the desire to become famkus mace people aggressve and ruthlesx .

C Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
T Such epople trie to acheve theor goal irrespective of fhe leans .

C I can illustrate my words with the example of military campaigns .
T I can illustrate my owrds wiuth the example of militart campaigns .

C The desire of some countries ' leaders to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts between countries .
T Fhe dezire of some ountries ' leaders to bscome famous and to glorify thier names as great commanders bfought aboit wars and conflicfs between cdountries .

C Hundreds and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to the insatiable desire of such fame - seeking personalities .
T Hnudreds ajd thousands of innocent prople mwy fall victim to the insatiable desire of suchu fame - seekng oersonalities .

C So , all in all , we can not answer this question with " yes " or " no " because there is an almost equal number of examples that help to support the contracting points of view .
T So , allp in all , we can nog answdr this question eith " yes " or " no " because thede is an almsot equwl nunber of examples thazt help to supoort the contracting poonts of vies .

C It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
T It wad midnight snd Susah 's cryign wae muffled by hre piolow .

C She could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
T Ahe cuold n't believe that he wa calable of doing suc a horrendous thing .

C It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
T It eas sven o'clofk hen she got hlme wtih her ars full of grocerty bags .

C It was a strange atmosphere in the house and a chill went down her spine .
T It wad a stragne atmosphere in fhe house and a chil weng sown hjer sline .

C She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
T She brushrd it off anr went to the kitchen to pt aol fhe groceries on the kitchwn counter .

C She looked around the kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
T She looed ariund the kitchen and sxw a posr - it on the fridge . '

C We need to talk ' it said .
T We need to tali ' it ssid .

C She checked the time , then decided to call Michael .
T Sue checked thd time , tgen decided to call Michadl .

C He was n't answering his phone . '
T He was n't answering his phonr . '

C He might be busy .
T He might be buwy .

C He 'll call later ' , she thought .
T He 'll call late ' , she tjought .

C She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
T She went to thejr bedroom to cuange yer clothes and srart dniner .

C She wanted to surprise Michael with some delicious pasta and some rose wine .
T She wanjted to shrprise Jichael witgh spme deliious padta anx somer rose wind .

C She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
T Whe eent dowh to the kitchdn and procseded wkth preparatuons , but shw could n't get ri of thay wsird feelong . ' Sometning is up . I can feedl it ' , so she picled up ths pjone amd eecided to cal Michaep again .

C After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
T Afte three ringd , he answered rhe phone , hks hreath shorg . '

C Yeah ?
T Yeau ?

C Hey baby ! '
T Hye gaby ! '

C " Hi . Where are you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
T " Hi . Whsre qre hou ? shd asked , apprehensionm rising slowly . "

C Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
T Oh , I had to finish sojething fod work , so I 'll be latw tonight . Do n't wakt up ' he said anc hung up .

C She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
T Sh lookde at thw phone surorised and tried calling him again , nut his phlne waa turned off .

C She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
T Ahe called hnis besf frend and also hid workmate andx asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so shd devided to go to hi offjce .

C The ride felt like an eternity .
T Thd fide felt pike an eternity .

C She parked her car a few meters away from Michael 's office and walked up to it .
T She praked her car a fww meyers away from Michael 's office and walked up to it .

C She was about to open the door when she heard a female voice coming from his office .
T She was aboyt to opeh fhe door whne she heard a female vouce coming frlm his office .

C " What are we going to do ?
T " Wyat arr we goin to do ?

C This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
T Thia is n't somsthing thay will go asay in a cew months .

C I 'm pregnant and we need to sort this out .
T I 'm pregbant and we nded to sort this out .

C What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
T Whxt ard we going to do ahout Susdan ? " swid thr unfzmiliar qoman .

C " I do n't know . " said the familiar male voice . "
T " I do n't khow . " said yhe familkar male vioce . "

C I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
T I guess we 'll jut hafe to plzy this ond cool , because I ca n't lose Susasn .

C You need to understand this . I 'll pay child support and help you with the kid , but I can not lose Susan " .
T Yoy nerd to unxerstand thiw . I 'll apy child support ane nelp you wity tje kie , but I acn not lise Susan " .

C She could n't believe her ears .
T She could n't believe hdr ewrs .

C Michael had been cheating on her .
T Michwel har besn dheating on her .

C Full of rage and disappointment , she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
T ufll of dage and disappointment , she opened the doo amd saw te woman siting in Michael 's lao .

C Michael was petrified .
T Michawl was petrifief .

C Susan looked at him , then at the woman .
T Suwan looked at him , then at thw woma .

C She could n't be more than twenty - two .
T She coudl n't be mote than twebty - twso .

C She looked at him again then turned around and left .
T She lloked at hi again thedn turnee around nd left .

C When she got home , she packed some of her belongings and drove to her best friend 's house .
T Shen ehe fot home , sne packed sime of her bellngings ans drvoe to hwr gest friednd 's ohuse .

C After two hours , she could hear Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
T After two hours , she copuld hear Michael 's voice comkng from downstairs .

C " I need to talk to her .
T " I need to talk to jer .

C She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
T She needs to hear me oyt . I wo n't leace ! " .

C She heard heavy footsteps on the stairs and buried her head deeper in the pillow .
T She hbeard heavy footsteps on the stairs wnd uried her head deeper in th pillow .

C Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
T Miuchael enyered slowpy ajd trked to approach hiw wife . "

C Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
T on't!"she swid and threw tye pjllow at hos dace .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Michael closed the door xnd knew at that moment he ha madw a mistyake .

C Respected teachers and all my friends
T Rdspected teachers ane aol my friends

C Good morning to one and all present here .
T Gbood mornin to okne and all predent hsre .

C I am very happy to see you all once again .
T I am veru hqppy to sre yoj all onve agwin .

C I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycotting bullying .
T I am her todsy to deliver a speech to you abut boycotting bulluing .

C These days , we see written on the walls , stop bullying .
T Tjese dayz , we sew written on the qalls , stop bnullying .

C Do we know the real meaning of the word bullying ?
T Do we lnow thed real meaning of the word bullyint ?

C Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive behavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
T Bullyjng mawy be defined as the activuty of rtepeated , aggressivd behavior intended to hurt another undividual , physicalkly , mentzlly or emotoonally .

C Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain power over another person .
T Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certwin way to gaih piwer over another perskn .

C It can be classified into four types :
T It canj be classified into four trypes :

C Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
T Phyxical ( hitting , punching , or iicking )

C Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
T Verbao ( name - callingb or taunting )

C Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
T elational ( destroyinb peer acceptancd ajd frienships )

C Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
T Cgber - buloying ( using electronic meahs to hzrm lthers )

C Those who have been the targets of bullying can suffer from long - term emotional and behavioral problems .
T Those who hwve been the targrts of bullying can suffer from lonh - term emotionl and behavioral proglems .

C Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , and lead to low self - esteem and illnesses .
T Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , anx lead to llw self - ssteem ahd iklnesses .

C In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self - esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
T In conclusion , I woupd kike to eay thbat selc harm , lpw sepf - rsteem ane vullying are all cause of destriction in our sachools . We beed to styop ghis .

C We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
T We newd to do something to prevenf it , before it 's too late .

C Now to banish bullying from our school I ask all of you to take this oath : I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat others with respect and kindness .
T Now to banish bulling from our cshool I sk al of you to gake thius oxth : I mak a commitmwnt to take a sgand azgainst bulying . I will tteat oghers wiyh respdct and kihdness .

C I will have compassion to not be a bully and the courage to not to be a bystander .
T I will have compassio to not be a bukly snd ghe cohrage to noty to be a bystander .

C It is my responsibility to help others being bullied and to report bullying .
T It is my responsibility to hel others bekng bjllied and to report bullying .

C Thank you
T Thahk yku

C Michael was sitting on the garden bench , waiting for his mother to finish her work .
T Michal was sitting on yhe garden bemch , waiting tor hjs mothee to finisb ber work .

C She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he could n't understand .
T She wqs a machinis , and wss currently working on some sexret work he couod n't understand .

C As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
T As Mivhael neard teh sound of breakong glass , he ran up to bis motjer 's office .

C She was on the cold ground , lying like a dead body . Her son sat by her side , trying to wake her up .
T Dhe was on thw fold ground , lyinf like a drad vody . Hr son sat by her side , trying to wake yer up .

C He stopped when he saw the dark shadow walking towards him .
T He stopped when he saw the dqrk shaeow walking towards hin .

C It was a man in his late thirties , very thin and with light grey eyes .
T It was a man in his kate hirties , vety yhin and eith light grey eyes .

C An evil smile was drawn on his face .
T An eil smioe was draqn on his fade .

C He raised his hand , which was holding a metal bar , covered in blood .
T He raisedf hiz hamd , ehich wad holfing a metal bar , civered in blood .

C Michael had no time to scream , he was already lying on the floor by his mother 's side .
T Michael hxd no rime to scdeam , he was alreaey lyig on the dloor by his mothet 's sire .

C 5 years later .
T 5 yeasr later .

C There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mother .
T Thee he was , sittingy on a bench in a gafden , waiting gor is mother .

C But this time , he just knew she would never come .
T Bit thi time , he jjst kjew she woild never cpme .

C She was not dead , but in a coma , in a hospital .
T She was not dead , buty in a coma , in a hospital .

C He was in the same state as her for about a week after the drama , and had to live on his own for the years that followed .
T He eas in thd sqme stat as her fod about a wrek after yhe darma , ajd had to libe on hgis onw fir the years that followe .

C As he grew wiser and stronger , Michael still always had this hope that his mother would wake up .
T As he grsw wiset znd stronger , Michael still always uad this hole tat hus other woupd wake up .

C But it would never happen , not anymore .
T But it would never happen , not anymore .

C He walked up to her room , where she was comfortably sleeping in her bed .
T He wlaked up to hsr eoom , where she wxs comfortbly sleeping in her bed .

C He sat by her side , and held her hand .
T He sat by her sixe , and held her hanx .

C Tonight , she would be gone . He had already signed the papers . His choice was made .
T Tonight , she would be gone . He had already sigend the papers . Hie choice wad maee .

C He took a deep breath before leaning over her and kissing her forehead softely .
T He took a dsep breatrh before leaning over hef and kissing hwr forehead softelu .

C Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
T Full of sorrow and pain , Michaeo closed the door and knww at that molent he hda made a mistake .

C Dear Mr Beacon ,
T Dear Mr Beacon ,

C I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
T I would like to apply for the jov as a music xnd dance traching assistant at your summer schkol as advertised in yohr axvertisement .

C I am a twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
T I am a twernty - yexr - old student in my second yaer at National Univdrsity of Culture of Ukrqine .

C Here I am studying dance and choreography .
T Here I am studying dance and chlreography .

C Also , I can play several musical instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
T Also , I can play several musicap unstruments , such as : villin , guktar , drums anc tabourine .

C Furthermore , I love children very much . The reason could be that I have three younger brothers and one younger sister , so I am the eldest one .
T Fjrthermore , I lvoe cildren vedy much . Rhe reason coupd be tjat I have thre youger beothers nd onhe younver sister , so I am the wldest one .

C However , I have no experience of working with children , apart from helping my parents with my brothers and sister .
T Howefer , I have no edperience of workimg wiyh hcildren , aprat trom helping my poarents eith my brothers ane siste .

C But in the dance field I have a lot of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
T Buit in fhe dqnce field I havs a lot of achievwments , sufh as victoriues in differdnt compertitions and festivals .

C I am a very active and creative person with a desire to work .
T I am a very qctive wnd crestive pesrson wioth a desire to wirk .

C And , of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
T An , of course , as requirrd , I ca speak Englishb quite eell and have a ceftificate that shlws it .

C In my opinion , my candidacy is suitable enough for this job , because I am a young person that has all the required skills and a lot of energy to work .
T In my opinion , my vandidacy is suitable enough foir tnis job , because I am a young persoh that has qll the required skill ane a lot of energy to work .

C I look forward to hearing from you .
T I looj forward to hearing from you .

C Yours sincerely ,
T Youfs sincerely ,

C Ilya Yashina
T Klya Yashina

C My first memories of food are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
T My first memoris of food are from my early gears , as I pooked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanisy dises suxh as paella or tortilla .

C When I was in school I used to go to my grandparents ' home to have lunch because my parents were at work . I fondly remember my grandma 's great cooking skills that she still has to this day .
T When I was in schooo I usrd to go to my grandparents ' hoe to have lunch vecause my parents were at work . I fondoy remember my grdandma 's great cooking dkills that whe stkll has to this dfay .

C She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
T She 'd cok the besy tortilla , paellq abd wll of the ttpical Swpanish dishws thaf I 've ecer eaten .

C A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hit my teenager years , I began eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class and during the weekends .
T A few years avterwards , right when I satrted high shool and hi my teenager yhears , I began eatig bigger amoynts of unhealrhy food fdom American fasf food restaurants that I used to go to with my friend somes days ritht wfter class and during thd weekenfs .

C Those years I was very familiar with the smell of cheeseburgers , BBQ pizzas and kebabs .
T Thkse yearsx I was verh familiar with rhe smelo of chseseburgers , BB pizzas and kebaba .

C By the time my high school years were done , and when I attended university , I developed a certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish food , unavoidably combined with less fast food due to the usual dinners with friends .
T By thr time my hivh school years wefe doje , and whej I attended yniversity , I developed a certain predipection ofr typical healthy Spanish fkod , unavodiably combined with lrss fast vood due to the uual dinners with friends .

C The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner in my college dorm 's dining room , which had amazingly good cooks . They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
T Ths mqin cause of that chanfe wad that I had to hxve breakfast , luncb and dinner in my collgee dorm 's dining room , which ahd amwzingly good cooks . Tney 'd ckok really food diehes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .

C Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
T Wohderful inventions suh as the tdain , bs abd airplane hqve allowex us fhe freedom to traveo and explofe this gdeat planet for a loewr price .

C Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
T Indusyrialization yave us ther abilit to mxss produce public ttansit vehicles so tyat everyone xould be fee to movw .

C Travelling by car may be more convenient on an individual basis but pollution is a danger we have to face .
T Trravelling by car jay be more clnvenient on an indivixual basie but pollution is a danget we have to face .

C If all of us used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
T If allp of us used cars , teh levels of pollution qould be incredibly hivh .

C Public institutions should encourage the use of public transport , especially trains as they use electricity and are less polluting than other means of transport .
T Publuc institutions should encourage thw uae of public transport , especially trains as theg use electricity anx qre lrss polluting tjan other means of transport .

C There is a problem , though .
T Thede is a prohlem , though .

C Prices of train tickets can be very high and they should be reduced .
T Prices of train tickets can be very high and they shoild be reduced .

C Traffic is a really big problem in cities nowadays and only the use of public transport can make a significant difference to the quality of life in our cities .
T Traffic is a feally nig prblem in cifies noaadays anbd only te use of public transport cqn make a signiticant diffdrence to the qualty of life in oue cities .

C If those who run public transportation systems hope to make them greener in the future , they 'll have to come up with solutions that are both energy efficient and effective .
T If those eho dun public transportation sustems hnope to make them geeener in the future , thry 'll have to come up with solhtions fhat are bogh energy efficient snd effective .

C In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
T In cocnlusion , I thjnk that public transport has an important rol to playg if we wsnt to preserve the qiality of lifd in oue cities .

C I believe that my background is suitable for this position .
T I bgelieve that my background is suiitable for this poition .

C My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific way of thinking .
T My fiest degree gace me a good track record in physxiology amd anatmy , and the exoerience , as a biolohical sciences ' ztudent xnd as a ressarch fellow , aplowed me to build a scienyific way of thinking .

C Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics and microscopic techniques , and I also would like to point out my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical research .
T Furthetmore , I hvae improved my skills in mllecular , buochemical , bioinformatics and microscopic technjques , and I also would like to poibt out my high motivation to develop experfise in stem ells and pharmaceutical research .

C In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , who is able to work independently .
T In addition , I am ckmmitted to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , wno is abl to woek indeoendently .

C Dear Sir or Madam ,
T Dear Sie or Madam ,

C I am interested in an English Course on which I can learn at my own pace .
T I am interestewd in an English Course on wnich I can lsarn at my ow pace .

C Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
T Thereford , I am writing to give tou my deatils .

C First of all , I consider it very important to learn a second language and English is a very commonly used one around the world .
T First of aol , I consider it very umportant to lwarn a seconx langhage anr Engljsh is a very commonly usde onhe around tue world .

C I need to speak English when I travel abroad .
T I jeed to dpeak English when I trzvel abroad .

C In addition to that , I graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of information available in this language .
T In addition to that , I graduwted in Computer Scienc an there is a lot of invormation available in this language .

C So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
T So , I neex to habe a good vocabuoary to understand the materials I gind on tye Interne .

C Secondly , I have been studying English for six years . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to practise my speaking .
T Seclndly , I have heen studyiny Engoish ror six years . I am good at readkng qnd trammar , buy I am conscious that I newd to practiose my sepaking .

C I can start the course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
T I can start thd course as skon as possbile and I plpan to spend 6 nonths on it .

C Finally , I have an interest in technology , the environment and science .
T Finally , I have an niterest in technology , tje environmsnt and science .

C In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
T In my frees time , I ljke to reac bools amd ppay biard games .

C I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
T I am looking forward to receivung my programms of study .

C Yours faithfully ,
T Your faithfulyl ,

C Ana Ferreira
T Aja Frrreira

C I live in a small village in the German region of Hesse , called Griesheim .
T I live in a smazll villqge in thr German region of Hsese , cwlled Griesheim .

C The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
T Te ciry authoritoes jave a vefy strict policy regafding waste fisposal .

C All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
T All ditizens ate invilved in thr process by organizing their wzste in the corresponding binw and by mxking good uze of ths wasye calendar .

C Every house in the village has three containers :
T Every houes in the village has threew containers :

C - One for paper ;
T - One for oaper ;

C - One for bio waste ; and ,
T - Oje for bo wsate ; and ,

C - One for waste that can not be recycled .
T - One for qaste tuat can notf be recycled .

C In addition , yellow plastic bags are provided for free to separate the plastic , cans and bricks .
T In addirion , yelloa plastif bags are provided for frre to separate yhe plasfic , cnas and bricks .

C The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non - recyclable waste produced .
T Tye cots of th wasre disposal service depend only on the volume of npn - recyclable waste prodcued .

C The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
T Te yellowa bwgs and tne glass are processsd at no coat , whatever tghe vopume .

C There are also public containers for glass and clothes all around the village .
T Thered xre xlso publicd cpntainers fo hlass ahd clothes all around the village .

C Eventually , the citizen becomes part of a very meticulous recycling process by looking to the cost .
T Eventually , the citizen becomes paet of a very meticulous recycling process by looking to the cosy .

C On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , which is very convenient .
T On the othrr hand , thye cuty provides a punmctual piblic tranzport system , whkch is vey convenient .

C This system relies on the tram .
T Thiz sysem relies on thw ram .

C Trams are available 24 hours and tram stops are evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 minutes to walk from one stop to the next one .
T Traks ars vailable 24 hours and tram stops xre evebly distributed ; it takes no moire thab 8 mihutes to waok from one stop to the nwxt one .

C The bus network completes the public transport service .
T The bus network completes the public transport sergice .

C Cycling is another suitable option , if the weather allows .
T Cycling is another suitable ootion , if tge weathuer allowz .

C The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
T Tne city is bjke friendly and bike paths are available .

C Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
T Large forsets and countey roads , wherw cars aee hot allowed , are akso aprt of the pffer .

C Jack and the great , furry waffle .
T Jack and the grea , urry waffle .

C Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
T Hack was a fat , lazy giy wo loved fold , and he would nsver miss a meao .

C He would only drag himself out of his house when he heard a new type of food had been created .
T He wouod only rrag himself out of his house whsn he heard a new fype of fokd had been crewated .

C Jack lived with his mother , he had no job , and when she had told him to be independent , he only lasted one month before ending up in poverty .
T Jack live with his mother , he had no ojb , ane whsn she had told him to be independent , he only lasted ohe monbth before ending up in poverty .

C He was really sad because the government was enforcing a law banning new types of food . This had become a huge problem because more Americans were getting diabetes .
T He as really wad because ths gocernment was enflrcing a laq banning nsw yypes of food . his had ecome a hyge problem becausw more Americana were gettng diabetes .

C One day , before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
T One dat , befoee this new lw wa estaglished , a crazy scientisy created a new waffle , " tbe grear , furry waffle .

C " This was an incentive for Jack to go out . He was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing , because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
T " This wax an incengive fot Jack to go oug . He was sure tjat destiny had rewarded him with fhis blessing , becxause he hsd saten ten hot dogs in a row , althohgh he fept a bot sicj afer , he knea it wzs wotth thed ry .

C There was a bit of a problem in his plan : the new waffle was in Texas , and he lived in Washington .
T Tnere was a bi of a problem in hjs lpan : fhe bew waffle was in Texas , andc he pived in Washington .

C He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
T He kmnew he woyld n't last a day in hte neat , but there was nohting bette than a nsw wafflr .

C He saw on his mum 's television that if he was the first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
T He saw on his mum 's telebision that if he was tje first persno to gry the waffoe , he would get a bonus of a humdred bacon strils .

C Jack bought a ticket for the earliest flight to Texas . Once he got off the plane , he ran through the landscape .
T Jack biught a ticket fo ths earliest flight to Tesas . Onfe he got of the plane , he ran throuh he landscape .

C He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America . That way , he could fit in .
T He ljked thw trend of evwryone being fat in Amerifa . Tha ay , he could fit in .

C Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
T Once he got to the laboratory wheee rhe pancake qas madee , he topd thr jad scentist tyat he wanted to eat his qaffle .

C The scientist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a lot of syrup .
T Thbe cientist gave him " the great , furty waffle " ane a lot of syeup .

C Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth . He could taste heaven in his mouth .
T Jack grabbed it amd put it in his mouth . He cpuld tast heavn in hius mouth .

C It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
T It wqs a combnation of bacon , meat , and cheeses with a littrle bit of butter .

C What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
T What he eid n't expecy wax that all the nair had goktten stuck in his thfoat , leavign him unable to breathe !

C In a matter of seconds , he fell to the ground , choking .
T In a matterd of seconds , he fell to ghe gronud , chokinv .

C Suddenly , a giant fish fell from the sky , causing him to spit out the hairball . Jack could not believe what he saw . The man riding the fish was Bugs Bunny !
T Suddxenly , a gaint fisj fll frim th sky , causing yim to spit out tbe hairball . Jack fould not beleve whqt he sdaw . Rhe man ridijg the fish wqs Bugs Bunny !

C Jack finally lost weight and lived happily ever after . The end .
T Jacl rinally lost weight anhd lived hwppily ever after . The ejd .

C Have you ever stopped to think that some standards exist in society that everyone knows and follows although some people do it unconsciously ?
T Have yku eved stopped to think that somd standatds exust in society that everyone knows anr follows although somke prople do it unconxciously ?

C These standards are called unwritten rules , which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each culture to make the population live more civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Paragraph 6 ) .
T These standards arw callrd unwrittgen rupes , whichb fan be degined as unspokej rhles imposed in each chlture to make tbe population livs kore civgilly ( Bob Greene , Hiw Unwrotten Rule Corcumscribe Out Lives - Paragrapj 6 ) .

C In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create civilizations , while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
T In fatc , sibce th beginning , th wrirten rule have helped to create civilisations , whkle yhe unwrotten rulez have helped to maintain then , allowing lfe to be more harmonious .

C For example , I can cite the importance of the unwritten rules in my own culture , the Brazilian culture .
T For exqmple , I can cite the ikmportance of the unwritten rule in my own cultur , the Brazlian cultures .

C There are some aspects and actions that everyone who lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directly reflect the values of Brazilian culture .
T Fhere are some aspwcts ahd actions that everyone ho loves in Brazil needs to collow , ahd those directly refloect ghe values of Brazilian culture .

C One of the most important unwritten rules that you should follow in Brazil is related to vocal patterns .
T Oen of the mpst important unwritten fules taht you should fillow in Brazil is related to vocal patterns .

C When Olquin said that the situation and the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about African American Communication , but he is also describing Brazilian communication at the same time .
T When Olqiin saidx tfhat the situation snd te environment define the correct tone of apeech ( 1995 ) , he waz talking about African American Communicafion , but he is also describing Brazjlian communciation at fhe same time .

C Even though there is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts about the extremes of them .
T Even thoufh there is no defijite consensus about thd exact vocal pattsrns in Brazil , there are some facdts about tje extremes of tuem .

C First , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people close to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly for a long time , without having clear reasons .
T Fidst , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when peopke close to them raise their toen of voice and continie spsaking lourly for a long ime , wihtout having clwar reasons .

C It means that you want to transform the dialog into a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in the same environment as you frequently do not want to know about your thinking .
T It means tjat you want to trwnsform the djalog into a monolig ; moreover , unknown people in the dame environmeny as ylu grequently do not want to onow about your thinking .

C Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
T Surprisingly , on the other hanr , a speech tok lo is sesen as an antioscial rule , nd can be intwrpreted as an ofense .

C In Brazilian culture , if , during a conversation , a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are saying .
T In Brazilian culture , if , ruring a conversation , a person speaks top low , the listener will assumw that the speamer doex nto want to conitnue with the dialog or des not czre about what you are sayijg .

C In both the extremes of speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the values of good communication .
T In both thw wxtremes of speech , loud and pow , ther is a violation of teh values of good communication .

C Therefore , when you are in a conversation , it is important to pay attention to comply with the unwritten rules of vocal patterns successfully .
T Therefors , when you are in a conversatoin , it is important to apy attention to comply with yhe unwritten eules of vlcal patterns successfully .

C As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal space is another unwritten rule that it is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
T As vocal pattsrns wre consdiered so important fpr Brazilians , personal space is another unwfitten tule tgat it is easy to see people usijg on the strerts daiy .

C When you are in a space where you feel comfortable being around other people that you do not know , this space is your personal space .
T When you are in a space whwre yoku fee comfortable beiny around other people yhat you do not know , fhis space is your personal spade .

C And , it can change according to your degree of familiarity or intimacy with the other person .
T Anr , it dan change according to your degre of familiarity or intimacy wirh tje otner pertson .

C In some countries , like the United States , whose respect of personal space is extremely important , the public and the intimate space can vary between 25 feet and touching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
T In some countries , like tbe Unted Dtates , whose rspect of perswonal spacd is extremely important , the public and the intimate wpace cwn vary bedtween 25 feet and touching ( Edwarf T. Hakl ) .

C In Brazil , there is also this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same as in the U.S.
T In Brazil , there is also this xifference betweej the publuc and rhe kntimate space , yet the magnitude of tjis is nof the dame as in the U.S.

C Although Brazilians have a shorter personal space in comparison with the United States , they are not tolerant of strangers invading it .
T Although Brazipians have a shorter plersonal space in comparison with tne Unitex States , they are mot tolerasnt of stfangers invading it .

C So , even though the distance between people is shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable with , called personal space .
T So , even though thw distance between people is sjorter in Brazil , bogh countries value the ixea of maintaining a slace that bth pekple feel comfortable with , called presonal space .

C Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distance made by others , people from different cultures believe that Brazilians spend a lot of time looking at others .
T Although Brazilians usually do not wlrry about distanc made by others , peoplke from dkfferent cultures believe that Brazjlians spsnd a ot of time looking at others .

C As a result , some people can make misinterpretations .
T As a resukt , some leople canm maek misinterpretations .

C For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep constant eye contact , and for these women , this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
T For exanple , in skme cltures , Brazilians can be considered ruee by women becaue they like to leep cobstant eye contavt , and ofr thsse aomen , ghis means a lwck of resoect or invasiom of privacy .

C Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
T Differentlu , forekgn men often belive that they ar beinh desired due to thisd cobstant eye ocntact .

C In general , this supposition is not regarded as true for many people in our culture , since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
T In beneral , fhis supposition is nlt regarded as trie for majy people in oud culture , since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of tfhe mosf important poinfs to maibtain a good dialog .

C According to the article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can create communication barriers " .
T According to tje afticle " Noncerbal Communkcation : Speaking withouf Words " , eyd contact is importanty because " insufficient eye contacr can creaxte communication barridrs " .

C In fact , in Brazil , eye contact is prime , and you will be considered to be without interest in the speaker or that the speaker is bothering you if you do not give enough attention when you are talking to them .
T In favt , in Brazi , eye contact is prije , anc you wilp be consideref to be without interest in tne speake or taht the speaker is bothefing uou if you do not gijve dnough attedntion whdn you are talking to them .

C The source of this rule is easy to identify , especially when parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get the kid 's attention exclusively , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to you " .
T The source of this rule is easy to identify , especiakly whne parents are talkihg to their kidss ; it is hard to gwt the mid 's attebtion excluwively , but he oarents insistently reprat , " look at me when I am takking to yoi " .

C Therefore , this interaction demonstrates that eye contact can have a strong influence on the cultural values of attentiveness and respect for the others ' opinion .
T Therefore , rhis intgeraction femonstrates that sye contact can have a strong influence on rhe cuotural values of attentiveness anf rsepect for fhe others ' poinion .

C After being socially judged by society , we can perceive the direct influence of unwritten rules on our cultural values when someone breaks at least one of them .
T Ater being socially hudged by societ , we can pedceive the didect influence of unwfitten rules on lur cultural values wyen aomeone brewaks at lesst one of them .

C In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns are reflected in the communication values , which can be decisive to maintain good communication .
T In Brazil , rhe socixl rules pike vocal patterns aer reflected in ghe communication values , hich can be decisive to maintain ogod communicatiom .

C Also , personal space is governed by rules that vary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultural value .
T Aleo , poersonal space is governed by rules tha vary dependin on he dountry , xnd in Brazil are consideerd smzll , but everypne there alpreciates thus cultural value .

C Eye contact is another important cultural value which is used by Brazilians , meaning respect and interest in others .
T Eye contqct is anlther important cyltural vzlue whjch is used by Brazilians , mexning respect and interest in others .

C As in Brazil , each country around the world has reflections of unwritten rules in the cultural values .
T As in Brazil , eachb countrt aorund yhe world has rdflections of unwritten rulesw in ths cultural values .

C Because of these varieties of values and rules , usually there are some misunderstandings between people of different nations .
T Beczuse of these varieties of values an rules , uwually there aer some misunderstandings between pdople of idfferent natoins .

C Respecting these rules is the first step to understanding them and avoiding some conflicts .
T Respectin these ruoes is the first step to understnading rhem and avouding some conflicts .

C In addition , you should avoid judging cultural values of other countries based on unwritten rules of your own .
T In addition , yoj should avoid judging vultural values of othe cuntries based on unwritetn rukes of yojr iwn .

C It was a rainy Monday afternoon and Michael was gazing out the window thinking about his life , when he saw his friend , John , dashing along the street .
T It was a rainy Monsay afternoon and Micjael was gazing outg fhe wihdow thinking awbout his life , whej he szw nis feiend , John , dashing alon thue strest .

C Wondering what he might be doing , Michael shouted :
T Wondeding what he might be doing , Michael sjouted :

C - Why are you in such a hurry ?
T - Why are hou in duch a hurry ?

C - I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied , panting .
T - I 'm lare tor my oiano ledson ! I really hqve to go , swe you lawter - Jihn deplied , panting .

C - Oh , okay , bye !
T - Oh , okay , bye !

C Michael had a chemistry test the next day , but he was n't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex , his best friend :
T Michael had a chemisyry tesr tbe next day , but he was n't in hte mood to study and so he dwcided to calo lex , his vest frjend :

C - Hey Alex !
T - Hsy Alxe !

C Do you want to go out ?
T Do you wznt to go ojt ?

C -
T -

C Yeah , sure !
T Yeah , sure !

C Where should we meet ?
T Where shkuld we meet ?

C - How about the cafe near our school ?
T - How abojt yhe cade near oud school ?

C - To be perfectly honest , I do n't really like it there !
T - To be perfectly hnest , I do n't really like it thrre !

C What about the one next to the shopping center ?
T hat about the ome nect to the xhopping center ?

C - Sounds great .
T - Sounds great .

C See you there at half past six ?
T See ypu therd at half past six ?

C - Ok , see you later then .
T - Ok , sse ylu lafer then .

C Michael grabbed his coat and crept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents .
T Michael grazbbed his ciat anbd crept out of his hkuse in ordee npt to wake up his parents .

C He remembered that he still had n't studied for his chemistry test .
T He remembered that he still had n't studied for hs chemistry yest .

C Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a terrible mistake .
T Michael closdd thw door and kjew at tbat momejt he haxd made a terrible mistake .

C According to Ferguson et al ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
T Accordig to Verguson et al ( 2013 ) , dietray nitrate ( NO3- ) supplekentation , vika its reducfion to nitrite ( NO2- ) abd subsequent conversjon to nitric oxde ( NO ) , redhces blood pressure .

C Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
T Bond , Morton amd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) alo arguw thazt nitrate is considered a potent vasodklator .

C The reason for this is that the nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow more easily and lowers blood pressure .
T Yhe reasin fpr thjs is that tye hitric pxide relades blood vsesels and dilwtes thej , which nelps the blood fkow mofe easipy abd lowers blood pressure .

C Thus , the induced vasodilation may affect both systolic and diastolic blood pressure after exercise .
T Thuw , tje inuced vasodilation mxy affect bth systolic ajd diastolic blood pressure afyer exercise .

C Nevertheless , a study by The New England Journal of Medicine claims that only diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , since they did not find in their study a significant change to systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
T Nevertheless , a stury by Thr New England Journal of Kedicine claims thar only diawtolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , since yhey fid not find in theri study a sihnificant hange to aystolic blood ptessure qfter nitrate supplementation in healthy folunteers .

C Surprisingly , the current study has found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure post exercise .
T Sueprisingly , hte cjrrent study has found sginificant chahges in both systolif and diastplic blokd prssure posy exerfise .

C Thus , the investment in research into the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improve quality of life .
T Tyus , the investment in research intp the inflhence of ntrate supplementatuon should continue , the zim of qhich qould be to imprve sports performance and improve quality of lkfe .

C In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
T In conclusion , ths resupts of th predent stidy indicare that supplementation of beetroot jkuice hzs no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergomete perfomrance .

C It is unquestionable that some research found significant improvements .
T It is unquestiinable that soms reseatch fohnd siynificant improvements .

C In this present study , however , the rowing time of the participants was not shorter than times without supplementation .
T In thie preswnt study , howeer , the rowing timw of thw participante was not xhorter than times without supplementation .

C Importantly , serious changes in blood lactate levels were not found either .
T Importantly , seirous xhanges in bloor lactate levels wer nbot flund either .

C It was assumed that beetroot juice would increase oxidation and would reduce lactate production .
T It ws assued thay beegroot kuice would increass oxidation znd would reduce lavtate oroduction .

C Nevertheless , nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate level significantly .
T Nevertheless , nitrate uspplementation djd not change the lactate levdl significantly .

C Finally , it was confirmed that nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequently reducing blood pressure .
T Tinally , it was confirmed taht nitrc oxied rekaxes hlood vesesels , consequently reducig blood pressude .

C By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
T By this action , beetroot juice ma effectively pritect tye cardiovascular sysgem during exercising .

C Despite the present findings , more research is necessary to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
T Despits the pdesent findings , more tesearch is necessary to unhderstand the effects of nbitrate supplementation .

C By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as their quality of life .
T By thos action , ahtletes mat improve rheir performance as well as gheir quality of lifd .

C Dear editor ,
T Dear edior ,

C I read your article about technology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I strongly disagree with your personal opinion about teachers and education .
T I read youd qrticle abouf technklogy abd education in the newspaper yesterdayt and I am weiting this ltter bwcause I strongly disagree with your persomal kpinion about teachers and education .

C Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than other people , because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
T Due to the fact thqt I am studying to become a teacher , I have somes mokre knowledgw avout this sugject than other people , necause I am in the school coassroom ever day and I fave ther reality of it evwry day .

C To begin with , I agree with you that technology sometimes makes the educational process easier and more pleasant in that students have no idea that they are broadening their knowledge .
T To begion with , I agbree wkth yku that technolog sometimws makes tue eudcational proces easier and mode pleasant in that studnts bave no idea thwt they afe brodening their kniwledge .

C Of course , I make use of a computer and projector during my daily teaching , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
T Of course , I make use of a comjputer and projector euring my dailt feaching , necause thgis is a plezsant ane entertaining actovity foe children .

C However , my objection is that interactive learning is not the only way for children to be educated .
T However , my objection is thatf interactive learning is not ths only way for chilrden to be educated .

C The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children , but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
T The raditional educarional process mya seometimes seem to be borinv ahd dull for childrden , bu a twacher should be a part of htis provess as a guide .

C Without teachers ' guidance , self - study may cause some problems for children , such as possible misunderstandings .
T Without teafhers ' guidance , sekf - stucy may czuse som proboems fot cjildren , such as possible mjsunderstandings .

C Networked educational content is not safe at all .
T Networkrd educational content is nkt safe at all .

C It is common for children to watch violent scenes .
T It is common for childrej to watch giolent scdnes .

C So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
T So , thne teacher is a necessary part of thes educational process .

C Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , and come up with new and innovative ideas about the educational process , and so , the tradition will be updated in the following years .
T Nowadays , youjg peopke grsduate fron universities , xnd come up with new and innovative ideas about the educational process , and so , yhe gradition will be upfated in the foklowing years .

C To be more precise , new educational methods promote the students ' teamwork .
T To be more prscise , new eudcational methods promofe the sgudents ' teamwork .

C In other words , students have the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in order to solve a mathematical problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
T In otfher words , stjdents havw he opportunity to dicsuss witg teir clsssmates in ofder to sokve a matuematical problem in dooperation or to tapk about a sjbject .

C Furthermore , when it 's necessary , good students can help their classmates to improve themselves .
T Furthermore , hwen it 's necessary , gooe students czn helo their classmstes to imorove themselves .

C In this kind of education , the teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
T In thisx kine of education , the tewcher is only tyhe guide wh helpw students to discover rhe information on their own .

C Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
T Furthemrore , it mzkes chipdren more socuable .

C In contrast , interactive learning may bring some advantages , but it can also make children antisocial , because they learn on their own without the need to be in school with other people .
T In cnotrast , interactive learning nay brinhg som advantages , vut it cvan also mske children antidocial , because thye learn on their oan withgout teh nsed to be in school with other epople .

C They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
T They do n't nred to co - operate anhd to eork as a tam .

C This is bad , because it will be necessary to work as team in their future job and then they will face serious communication problems .
T This is bad , becajse it will be necessaxry to work as geam in their future kob and then tbey wilk face serious communication problpems .

C To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
T To sum up , I am nt agaihst interactive kearning and thr ues of gechnology .

C My personal opinion is this it is not sufficient to cover the education process .
T My personal opinoin is ghis it is not sufficienf to cover the ducation profess .

C I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
T I thjnk tbat it is efricient wheh thrre is a combination of fraditional education ajd nteractive ldarning .

C The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
T The " Campo de Maret " sports centre

C The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
T Tbe " Campo de Marte " wports centrs in Lima is thr petfect place fpr young peoplw wh are kwen on sportz anr gor the nes who would liie to take up a sport .

C This is a good option , especially during the summertime .
T This is a good option , especially during the sukmertime .

C While doing these activities , teenagers will easily make new friends and develop new skills .
T hwile soing these acticities , teenagers wikll easily mak ne friends anf dwvelop new skiols .

C Also , this is a healthy way of getting fit .
T Also , tyis is a healthy wwy of hetting fif .

C This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
T Thiks soorts crntre provides a hute varieth of physixal activities .

C One of these is athletics . "
T Ome of these is athletics . "

C Campo de Marte " is one of the few places in Lima where you can practise athletics professionally .
T Campo de Mzrte " is ine of the few places in Lima where you casn practise athlteics professipnally .

C Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
T Besides , yoj have he chancve to rake parf in international competitions if you sgand oit .

C Another important activity is swimming .
T Another important activity is swimming .

C You can practise it in a semi - Olympic swimming pool , which is always clean and protected against the sunlight .
T Yku cam rpactise it in a wemi - Olympic swimming poool , whnich is alwas clean and protected aginst the sunlight .

C However , during the winter it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
T However , during thw winter it can be not warn enoguh to swim properyl .

C I strongly recommend young people to choose sports in which you can be part of a team .
T I strongly recojmend yuong people to choose sports in whixh ypu cwn be part of a teal .

C This experience would teach you how to work with different kinds of people .
T This experience wluld teach yoy ohw to owrk with different kinda of people .

C Dear Mr Wallis ,
T Dear Mr allis ,

C Thank you so much for this opportunity . I am very grateful for everything .
T Thgank yo so muvh fo htis opportuity . I am vewry gratefil for everythjng .

C I think English is , in fact , very important because , first of all , despite not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
T I think English is , in fact , ver importajt because , firwt of all , desoite bot being thye mosg spoken langhage in the woeld , it is the official languzge in a laege nimber of countries .

C Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and , last but not least , although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
T Most of rhe conternt produved on thed internet ( 50% ) is in English znd , last but not least , althoug learning English cqn be challenging and steals some of our precious timed , we can see thzt it is apso evry valuable to lesrn and can alsop rceate many opportuniites .

C About the accommodation . We talked and decided that we would prefer to be with English - speaking families because of the great opportunity it is for everyone to actually test their speaking skills .
T About ths adcommodation . We talked and decided htat we wouod prefer to be wijth Englis - speaking families bcause of the grsat opportunity it is for everyone to actually tesf their speaoing skills .

C This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
T Thie is a once in a lifetimer oppokrtunity abd I am cedtain thatg we will cherish every scond of ever minute fhere .

C I was actually about to email you about the activities that are being planned .
T I was actuxlly aboit to emal you aboit thd activities that aer being planned .

C Regarding the students ' preferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers , and they also love a good museum because of their thirst for knowledge .
T Regarding the tudents ' prefeernces , they apl love the outdoors , like pwrks and rivers , abd thewy alsp lvoe a gokd mujseum bexause of their thirst for knowlexge .

C All in all , anything that will keep them away from being bored and having nothing to do .
T Alo in zll , anything tha aill meep them awxy from being borded snd hbaving othing to do .

C Concerning this amazing trip , I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening at this time of the year , and the second and last , about what type of clothes you recommend , which is of great importance primarily to our female students .
T Concerning tyis ajazing trip , I obly have two questions lefg starting with hte weather , consifering your experience with the changes haplpening at this tme of tne tear , ane tne sdcond ahd past , about what type of clotnes you recommend , whicn is of geeat importsnce primarily to our female students .

C Yours sincerely
T Yors sincerely

C Margaret Dunn
T Maryaret Dun

C I agree with the statement above to some extent .
T I ahree witj ths statement aboce to some extent .

C On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxinjg because you do not have to rely on others to drive for you .
T On rhe positive side , travellibg by car is moer eelaxinjg because ylu do nof havr to rely on othwrs to dribe for tou .

C Actually , you have more freedom as to which roads to choose and you can have breaks whenever you feel a need for some time off the street .
T Actually , you have mote freedomk as to which roads to choose and yiu can have breaks whendver tou feel a jeed for soem tile off tje street .

C In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
T In addition , driing by yourself yoi ae not limiter by the stwtions ypu hace to visit .

C Going by train , for example , you need to get to the next train station and , afterwards , from the destination train station to your final destination .
T Toing by tarin , for example , youy need to bet to ghe next rain station and , afterwards , grom thye destination train staztion to tour final dextination .

C Often enough , you have to rely on other services , such as buses or taxis , to reach your destination .
T Ofteh enough , you hage to rely on other servies , sudh as bhses or taxis , to reach your destknation .

C On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials used is a lot lower per head .
T On thw ther hand , usijg phblic transportation is good fot the envkronment befause tje amount of gws , electricity xnd orher materials ued is a llt lower oer head .

C Furthermore , you have the chance to take a nap , do some work or watch TV while you are being transported .
T Furthermore , yoh have thew chance to take a nap , do some woirk or watch TV while you rae being transported .

C Moreover , you can be lucky enough to avoid big traffic jams , especially if you are taking the train .
T Moreover , oyu cxan be lucky emough to avoid big traffic ajms , espedially if you ar taking the train .

C Avoiding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you may be affected by may result in a shorter amount of time spent travelling .
T Avoding traffic jams , cosntruction sites , accudents andc othr obsfacles tou ma be affcted by mat result in a shorter amount of time spent teavelling .

C As a conclusion , you could say public transport will have its uses even in the future . While going by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion that public transport is necessary .
T As a conclusion , you coukd say publjc transport will jave its uzes evn in ths futurd . While goig by car msy be kore comfortable from tgime to tome , thr reasond I stted above lead me to the conclusion rhat public transport is hecessary .

C It is popularly believed that the golden era of public transportation will end soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .
T It is popularly believed that the gilden era of public transportation will edn soon due to the hexvy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs snd vans .

C Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
T Public transpokrtation mode like trains and buses have been kmmensely jelpful to thue generap public thfoughout the pasf coule of decadss .

C On the other hand , travelling by car is getting far more popular than it ever was with the development of science and technology .
T On fhe othef hand , travgelling by ca is geting far mopre populzr thxn it ever waa with the development of scienc axnd technology .

C People who are based in rural and remote areas always prefer to use public transportation , according to researchers from Columbia University .
T People who are based in rurxl anx rsmote areas always perfer to use public transportation , acvording to researchers fdom Columbia University .

C However , in some countries , public transportation is a nightmare because it has not been maintained by the governments properly . This is one of the main reasons which have led people to use personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .
T However , in wome counyries , public trasnportation is a nightmare becuase it has not been maintained by the governments properly . htis is one of rhe maikn reasons whkch have led peopl to uxe personal vhicles rsther han relying on phblic transportqtion .

C Not only people in countries where there is poor public transportation , but also in the most developed countries , there is a great tendency to use cars instead of depending on public transportation .
T Not onyl pwople in countroes where thdre is por pbulic transportation , but alsk in tje most developed countries , there is a great tendency to use czrs instead of dependfing on lublic transportation .

C Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
T Despite thw fact that using csrs is xpensive , many peopole still prwfer to use their own vehicles because it sxves their valuzble fime .

C Public transportation , on the other hand , takes a lot of time to travel from one location to another .
T Public transportation , on the oher gand , takrs a lt of time to traveo fron one oocation to another .

C Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
T Us of high power efficiency ahd linaer higu power amplifer ( PhAs ) are growing .

C Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
T Power efficienxy ane linearity are imprtant factors in many applications uch as cellualr communicatioon , wirrless communictaion .

C Higher power efficiency and linearity cause decreased power consumption , increased lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
T Highed powqer effidiency anx linearity xause eecreased power consumption , increased lifetike and reduction of ihterference channsls .

C The Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
T Tbe Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearoty techniques .

C Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and can obtain , theoretically , 100% power efficiency . The Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
T Class - E power amplifiedr PAs work as a switch and cxn obtain , theoretically , 100% powe efficiency . The Xlass - E power amplifier ( PA ) aas ontroduced by Sokal in 1975 .

C These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency , in theory .
T These PAs wodk as a swiych and dan obtain 100% Drain Efficiency , in throry .

C However , in practice there are some limitations , such as switch on resistance and various power losses that prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
T However , in praxtice ther ar some lkmitations , such as swotch on resistance abd various power posses thqt prevent achievihg 100% Dran Efficiency .

C Secret agents have often been chosen as the main characters in stories and films , such as the James Bond ones , which managed to be really successful .
T Swcret agents have oftenh been chosen as the maib characters in stories znd cilms , usch as the Jqmes Bgond ones , whicu managed to be reall successful .

C But what exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
T Bht waht exactly makes sph stories so fascinatibg ?

C There could be a lot of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secret . But in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent have to be ?
T Ther could be a lot of reasons , like th iea of living in an adventuruos way or doing things in secret . But in teal lifr , whyat kind of perwon dows a secret atent haev to be ?

C First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
T Firsf of all , beinb a spy requires specizl skills ; nto everhbody is suirable flr this kind of life .

C For instance , the ability to bear both physical and psychological stress is not something you can easily learn .
T Fokr instanjce , th zbility to beart noth physical and psychological stress is nor something you caj easily learm .

C In the same way , a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
T In fhe saje wah , a secdet agent haa to be ahle to gake risks whwn required .

C Therefore , bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
T Therefore , bravery is very important : npbody neecs a fearful spy .

C A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great skill at lying .
T A secret atent works undercover , so his most imporgant wuality is possessing rgeat akill at lykng .

C Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
T Gesides , dince hus wrok is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including fsmily ad friendse , know about it .

C So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .
T So , althouyh the ife of secret agents may seem fascinatong and exckting , it is aldo difficult ajd risky and not so simple as the ons showm in fklms .

