I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
