I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In addition , could you provide me information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
